The case in connection with the death of Sub-Inspector Junmoni Rabha will be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation for further investigation.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Ampareen expressed her regret over the lack of attention of the people who take advantage of public property by turning off the street lights but she warned that the Urban Department will now take action. good to those who do such things.
If they don't want to cooperate, the government shouldn't listen.
Of these, 1,487 cases were reported in Chennai and 42,752 cases in Chennai alone.
He made this announcement after sending a letter to the General Secretary of the UDP Circle and hoped that the party would accept his letter with the approval of the UDP supporters. He announced the beginning of his journey in the next six months, to campaign canvass in many villages in Jowai Constituency, to get information from the supporters whether they still have any opinion on him, but He found that their answer was that this time it was the turn of Pariat, who informed him about the discrimination and neglect of the constituency in all aspects.
Sixteen others were injured in the collapse of the bridge inside the Texas city.
Lawrence also threatened the tyngshop that if he does not apologize for what he has done in the past years, he will treat him like Sidhu Moosewala.
He said that he has also met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai Town Dorbar to reconsider the matter and to complain to the government about the delay even after Mawtawar has donated a large area of ​​land up to Ar. shape too.
This is why you don't have the right to count.
The tournament was opened by the District Sports Officer, Bah Daniel Dann.
“K2-18b is not Earth 2.0 because it is heavier and has a different atmosphere, but it brings up the issue that it has a different atmosphere. another place, which can be inhabited.
Here we see clearly that the blind law of the government has cut down the shiah trees and cut down the soh trees. Those who are disabled cannot get food until the household has to go out to buy food items from the town and village shops.
The union continues to search for foreign documents and the union has already informed the JHADC and the JHADC is still searching even after the union has sent a letter to the Council. to cooperate in this regard to the closure of foreign shops in Jaintia Hills.
The Act also prohibits those who do not have toilets from contesting elections and the Act was passed by the House today.
Demthring beat Chutwakhu 2-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The Customs Department, Shillong has seized gold worth more than T.1 crore and a Chinese rynsun smuggled through the border areas.
Disparsing Rani Together with the residents of Kongthong, we left Shillong at 9:00 pm to travel a distance of 70 kms from Shillong to Umden with the target of arriving at 12:30 pm.
I firmly believe that everyone who uses drugs is eager to quit.
A child from Umtyrnga village, who was taken care of by her mother, suddenly fell ill this morning and lost consciousness. The mother of the child immediately took her to Father Kmenlang Nongrum in Byrnihat.
A case has been registered at Laban Police Station.
From time to time from the Sengbhalang and leaders of various political parties in the state.
That night the Kongthei couldn't sleep anymore.
All six persons were taken to Imphal airport by an Army helicopter.
“However, this time, they were arrested because there was a death due to their shooting, and this is a violation of Section 302 and others of the Indian Penal Code.
Symptoms of insomnia can include morning headaches, restlessness and drowsiness, daytime sleepiness, nausea and can also be a cause of sleep apnea. accidents.
Nongpoh: Meghalaya Cast and Alloy Private Limited (MGCA) has been affected by the illegal production of tdem by a factory in Harlibagan, Byrnihat. Leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi, yesterday, visited the village to meet with the village leaders and the people, to know how much the people have been affected by the production of smoke. this is the factory.
The scheme will help bring about social justice by providing education and education to children.
Curcumin and curcumin: The bioactive ingredient in curcumin is curcumin which is one of the most powerful antioxidants.
According to the CEO, the mistake was due to human nature because the Presiding Officer had mistakenly connected the wires of the machine belonging to the MLA to the MP machine and the MP to the MLA machine. The polling station will vote on the same day after the death of former MLA Clement Marak.
In Ichamati, the curfew has been extended from 8 pm to 2 pm for the 10th October 2020 and after that, it will be implemented again until further notice.
These attractions are about half an hour’s walk from the village.
Shillong: Heavy cold weather has hit Sohryngkham area and heavy rainfall in Shillong and other places this evening.
Now, if the government departments in charge of the damage to the Myntdu River, do not stop such damage in these days, the union will consider to appeal to the courts.
Please message us on our Telegram group (@RotAssociationOfMeghalaya) if you would like to talk to us online.
Jesus came to earth in poverty, not as a rich man, until His death on the cross.
We have seen from time to time that when the Dorbar Shnongs are strong, the villages are in peace and order and outsiders do not dare to create trouble or commit crimes.
The sin that we call corruption has spread not only to the great and the rich, but also to the small, the poor, and the rich.
Isaiah 65:18–24.
The Congress in Shella has admitted that Leston Wanswet, President of the Block Congress Shella and Jrop S Nongkhlaw, Working President, are on the side of the party to support the candidate nominated by the party. According to sources, although it is not an obvious thing, the Working President, Bah JS Nongkhlaw, supports Bah Bantyngshain Rynga and has ordered his staff to go ahead and support him. private candidate.
In East Jaintia Hills, we have nine MDCs and we hope to win all nine seats,” said Rapbait Bareh, President of the party.
On the same day, Bah Paul and Bah Banteidor donated T.1 lakh to the Jaïaw Langsning Women's Wing.
Bah W Anthony, Convener of SOMALA, in a statement, said this after reports that some other ethnic groups have started applying for citizenship. village in Meghalaya.
Many newspaper readers are not familiar with Langdongdai and perhaps have not visited it.
The Lum Sohpet Bneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, has organized a meeting to discuss and ask for permission from the Lum Sohpet Bneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie. Blei Trai Kynrad Nongbuh Nongthaw, together with the ryngkew ki basa so that the work itself will be smooth and orderly and will reach the heart and soul of the nation as a whole.
Explaining to the public, Ranjan Mathew, said that SACH has a great objective for the development of rural villages and in this regard, it has already done many assistance works to the rural areas. the village is created.
The maintenance period for the M-Tablets is two years and the manufacturing is only for those who have problems. The M-Tablet will never be built.
“We on the part of the police department have fought hard to curb the drug trafficking, but it is difficult only for the police department to curb the drug trafficking. The police department wants the cooperation of the residents and the Rangbah Shnong”.
Shillong: Police in collaboration with BSF troops in the past 48 hours have seized T.28.83 lakh tyngka, 2203 liters of kiad from across the state.
All the roads and streets are covered with all kinds of lights.
The Minister also informed that the proposed allocation of T.5000 crore for the New Shillong Administrative City will surely transform the capital of the State.
New Delhi: The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, Home Minister Amit Shah, today said that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill is not against the minorities, but against the influx of foreigners. that poiwir that because.
Jowai, Nailar 27: The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, Jowai on Tuesday announced that it is prohibited to sell alcoholic beverages within the boundary of the village. These alcoholic beverages have led to many crimes in the village.
In East Garo Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk.
Nine houses constructed under the PMAY scheme were inaugurated today at Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng.
The meeting was also attended by various political parties such as JSM, JSU, Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), JYF and MPUF. AJT&CVA Paila Kordor Lyngkot said that the price of commercial vehicles across Jaintia Hills has caused problems to the passengers and drivers as well as the AJT&CVA. fare and the price will be announced later.
The crowd can't say that they are just like the spectators, if a goalkeeper can catch many balls and miss many goals if he misses only one goal, he is accused of not ler and accused like this. how.
Saya, who does not have a voter ID card and a certificate to prove her residence permit, said that in fact she had applied for a land by mentioning another land from him. The Syiem, however, said that the Minister together with the Syiem of Sohra have visited and confirmed the land where she is temporarily occupying as a bylla residence and it was after receiving permission from the Syiem that she started to erect them. paia to build a house of dewbilat.
Justice Salvi said the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills should provide all the necessary cooperation to MUDA in its efforts to demolish the illegal buildings.
The HSPDP, which has elected only one candidate, has not been very successful.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned the bomb blast by the police inside the Sha shop after a clash between members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle in Khyndailad area on Monday. where police violence was also witnessed.
The Director-General of the DIPR-NEC, Mr MR Mahapatra, said, “The mountains of the North East of India will meet the mountains of Nepal during this festival.
After the incident, a team of security forces conducted a search operation in the area.
So a man must be born again of the Spirit.
He said that the Center also distributes relief items to those in need through the ADIP scheme. The Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment (MSJ&E) of the Union Government, Dr. Virendra Kumar from Delhi.
Referring to the recent visit of AITC leader Derek O'Brien to Shillong, Charles said, “According to his opinion, the party should contest from Tura. “It is on this basis that we have asked for time to gather information from all the constituencies to understand whether the party is still receiving the same support as it received in the last MLA election”.
It is not right for me to name but some of them have done well.
The protein-rich protein is essential for the building of muscles and tissue repair.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) has implemented a scheme to reward those who are willing to help the victims of road accidents by transporting them to hospitals or health centres. or trauma care center in the most precious way to rescue them.
We have run the government with transparency and efficiency under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modiji,” he said.
It doesn't reach heaven, it doesn't fall to the ground.
The Government has introduced vaccinations in every village and township.
You have been tested for the CBNAAT Test.
In these years, the people of the Raid, no longer do as before to shon du to Assam and Meghalaya.
Besides, there are more than 3,000 tourists stranded in different parts of the state,” he said.
But now, there is only one question and that is "where shall we go from here" and we have no choice but to fight, if we can, or to die, if we can no longer; From what is clear, it is seen that now, there are many who don't have any more weapons to fight, but they have to fight with their hands empty and when they fight with their hands without PPE, it is very difficult. he is the people of Ri.
Philippine coastguards and fishermen have rescued 195 passengers and 35 crew members after the capture. fire in this night.
They alleged that besides the inconsistent implementation and allocation of funds, there are unfinished projects worth less than Rs 2 crore including Site Development, Resting Shed, Illumination Nartiang. Monolith and Illumination Nartiang Shakti Peeth.
Looking at Jaintia, I cannot attend all the meetings of the VPP and see how many people come to this meeting and join this party.
The union said that the border dispute has been going on for a long time and therefore, it is necessary to consult and discuss with all those involved before taking any decision. sih to any side.
“The Election Commission of India has adopted a new approach in the MLA constituency, it will also be sufficient to hold MDC elections as MLA constituencies,” he said.
Oriland Shylla, General Secretary, Chilliangraij Dorbar Shnong conducted a short meeting before the blood donation. DH Pde Waheh Shnong Chilliangraij encouraged the children of the village who took part in this successful day.
Also present on the occasion were the District Transport Officer (DTO) Bah R.Hinge and drivers of commercial vehicles.
The Speaker of the 1st Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, said that he is still seeking the advice of legal experts to advise on the need to get the Leader of the Opposition. , 10 MLAs from one political party are required to hold this post in the State Legislative Assembly.
Children are encouraged to avoid child marriage to avoid mental problems, lack of education and affecting the health of the child.
Thus, all sports activities in the State have failed instead of progressing.
The lack of roads has created difficulties for the people especially the farmers to transport their goods to the market.
Justine Dkhar, Chief Executive Member, said that these days, the students who have passed matriculation face difficulties in getting admission to colleges or schools in the city.
Nongsiang said that the government's plan to auction these 56 substations to a private company will cause a lot of trouble to the people as has happened to the employees of 108 run by GVK EMRI. and health workers in rural hospitals, run by NGOs such as the Karuna Trust.
“There are those medical colleges, roads, schools until there is a terrible corruption in the recruitment of teachers,” he said.
“We are still waiting for an FIR either from the public or from the BSF and no FIR has been filed at the Police Station,” he said.
The union has found dozens of Assamese illegally quarrying stone from the river and loading it into their vehicles.
Besides, there is no other way and it is not useful for us to criticize the people we have elected or to criticize what we have already decided.
At the same time, she also explained to the participants about the steps related to taking samples from people who show symptoms of the disease.
However, the word Skulbah, which was intended to convey the meaning of the English word University, can be used by Pastor Iarrington Kharkongor, Salonsari, because it is rich, sweet and well-known according to the opinion.
This happened this morning at about 10 pm, when a Maruti 800 heading to Khliehriat from Lumshnong area collided with a truck heading towards Assam.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Bah Donwa Dethelson Lapang, said, “Bah Bring is a very intelligent and brave man”.
Kimmingson Rymbai scored two goals in the 10th and 36th minutes and Johnsmill Amkhloo scored another goal for Lakadong in the 10th and 36th minutes. 13th minute.
The collapse of the PA Sangma Integrated Sports Complex in Tura has shocked the state government especially as the tournament is in the constituency of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
She said that the incident in Mukroh should prompt the government leaders from the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to take responsibility to step down because they cannot. to protect the lives of the people and put them in danger.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the district collectors of the two districts have already sent the new price for the land fee.
Somy, who now runs an organization called No More Tears, which helps those with disabilities, has made it clear that she doesn't want to go back to acting.
Many of these athletes who had won medals last year have lost because they do not have their Adhar cards.
She said that since the beginning, they have been with the JAC and now the CEM has invited only them and this is an insult to them.
On the other hand, the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla of Thyllaw in a statement issued by the two Presidents of these organizations, Kong S.Gallong and Bah M Jeengaph, strongly condemned the robbery of the people of the village. Mawlyngbna under the leadership of Syiem Bah Amos Malniang and Bah Klining Kharnaior Rangbah Mawlyngbna.
K Lalchhuan Sanga (8') and Vanlaldon Hmar (23') scored the goals for Latyrke SC while Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC beat Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC 2-1 thep by Bantei Shylla (47′).
Many parents have complained that sometimes those devices purchased for school such as smartphones, laptops, wifi are useless due to the lack of network in their village. This has left behind the rural school children and has also shown a sign of concern and has also brought a spirit of doubt to the parents whether they will continue to support their children.
Health and healthcare is a fundamental right of citizens.
From what the reporter found, the village leaders and the residents of the area were not happy when the leaders of any party or Sengbhalang also came to the area, because the Even the politicians and Sengbhalang, they speak only at any meeting held in the area, except that they have gone to their own place of residence, while the people who live in the area. , they have to stay in that area and if any unpleasant incident happens, the blame will go to those Khasi who have the desire to enter Meghalaya.
Under this scheme, the food security of the people includes the Midday Meal Scheme, the Integrated Child Development Services and the Public Distribution System which is commonly known as the ration.
The medals, individual prizes and trophies were awarded by the karate coach of AMKA, John Kharshiing, Dip Ryntathiang, Hunlang Lytan President of AMKA. witnesses of school children and parents of children.
Many issues faced by Indian farmers will be discussed at this meeting.
Therefore, we see that many of the youth today, especially in this time of unemployment, are selfish and live only on the income of their family members, while there are still those who support them. but when there are no more helpers, who else will support them? Therefore, parents should not only teach their children to learn how to write, draw or hold a computer, they should also teach them to hold a sword or a spear.
Why haven't you told me?” Hep replied. “If you haven't told me, how can I tell you?
Dr War said that it is time for the people to be vigilant and control their movements and said that there are those who have been tested earlier. , where it was found that they have not been infected with covid 19, but they should not be afraid that they can get infected again later, if they have contact with those who have been infected with covid
“We have made it clear that we are against this proposal because we know that the people are in great danger if the railway comes because of the lack of security forces,” he added.
Before drinking, the child opened the medicine because she had heard that such medicines contained something inside, but after opening it twice before drinking, she did not find anything. If you don't drink it for the third time, you will find a prek inside the medicine.
Kerala is the best state in the country in terms of efficiency, while Karnataka is fourth in the Public Affairs Index 2018, conducted by the Public Affairs Center (PAC). which is located in Bengaluru.
The opening ceremony was attended by WAM Booth, MSC, Director, Department Sports & Youth Affairs, and officers from DSYA. Three selfie stands prepared by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs were inaugurated and prizes were awarded to the winners of the quiz.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr E Kalwing District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri-Bhoi said that there are 333 TB cases in Ri-Bhoi and 254 cases are undergoing treatment. All these patients are only 98 who have been treated by private individuals, the leaders who have taken the initiative to look after them for their needs from food and drink because these patients need nutritious food at the time of their illness. Many of the poor families are facing difficulties in getting proper food, and it is on this basis that the government has issued this The program is open to the public and groups who wish to help TB patients through PMTBMBA by registering themselves through Nikshay Mitra so that the government can reach out to those who have contracted the disease and those who are still in the middle of the program. treatment.
Chairman of NEHU-HWC Rusievan Shangpliang alleged that these two officials have failed to fulfill their duties which has led to many protests by the students.
It was also announced that those who work in the fields will receive their wages as they should.
He said that the Minister has explained that the government has no intention of announcing the appointment of 281 posts in government hospitals in the state.
If no one does not receive the body within the stipulated time, the body shall be cleansed according to the rules of law.
“He said this at the 184th Anniversary of the death of Siem Tirot Sing Syiem held by the Hima Nongkhlaw at Tirot Square today.
The SDO said the power outage was due to lack of staff and non-payment of electricity bill.
In the celebration of this traditional dance which was held at the village square of Nongbareh Myntriar; Also present was the MLA of the constituency, Stephenson Mukhim.
They also say that any nation that fights is a living nation.
“Not only in Delhi but in Meghalaya as well, political parties run by households have turned the state into an ATM to fill up the pdok.
Modi was speaking at a meeting with 38 political parties in the NDA in New Delhi.
After the end of the dance, Rangbah P.Ryntathiang, President of the Seng Khasi West, took part in the dance. Khasi Hills, where he said that since ancient times each kur in the Khasi Hills, has its own dance and it is held in every village.
Pankaj Chaudhary then went to a playground at Krangsuri where he was welcomed with traditional songs and had a chance to talk to the village leaders of Ladjaplem.
He is at the same time one of the singers who has had the spirit of helping those who have suffered from the natural disasters and at the same time from other disasters. .
“The problem in this area is because there is too little space for water trucks to pass and there are six teams who have tried to extinguish the fire and the fire is more intense because the house is built of the ancient trees.
Nongpoh: Three Khasi youths from Umlaper village, who were shot dead by the Assam Police this morning, have received T.2,000 each as medical treatment. shot by the Police.
Sylvester Mapozi, the mayor of Mpondwe-Lhubiriha, confirmed that 39 school children were killed, 20 of them were beaten and stabbed and 17 were injured. who were burned alive.
The All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Mawkyrwat Block last month announced that Bah Sounder S. Cajee will contest the MLA election from Mawkyrwat Constituency in TMC Mawkyrat Block has won the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament
It may be recalled that the construction of the building has been allocated at a cost of more than T.4 crore. The building has been allocated separately for the Legislative Wing which includes the office of the Legislative Wing. Dorbar and Council Hall.
The welcome speech was delivered by Mr. D.Lyngdoh and the vote of thanks was delivered by the Secretary Church, Borghat Catholic Church.
Similarly, the two constituencies of Tura, North Tura and South Tura, turned out less than 76%.
In this regard, the PWD department has immediately repaired the bridge and temporarily closed the traffic of vehicles as the condition of the bridge is poor and unstable.
In this regard, the HNYF, NR, has requested the Syiems of various Himas as well as the KHADC, to take action in the preservation of the property of the Hima and Raid, especially those properties. to promote and introduce the country and the State so that the people of the State do not feel foreign in their own country.
At first glance, Lum Kyllai Lyngsngun is not much different from other hills around Ri Khasi Jaintia but it has its own story and according to the stories of the elders of this area. The land owners of the Paliar clan said that this ancient hill was the tree of Ramhah and because of the heavy burden of Ramhah he left it in its place. now.
The Co-ordinator, IQAC Dr. Sharma, in his speech on the occasion, recalled the long history of the Library at the College.
Tang was an MDC who won in 2008 from Shangpung South but did not contest the last election.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Three persons have been arrested from Ri-Bhoi District for drug trafficking.
After receiving information about the incident, the residents of Umkiang and Umkiang Police rushed to the farm to collect the body.
This decision is for the benefit of the people living in their own villages, where they can now discuss their problems face to face with the Indian government,” said Modi.
He said that Meghalaya, which has a large number of fish, has imported fish from abroad, as it has not been able to meet even half of its needs.
During these two days, no visitors will be allowed to visit the village.
He said that the number of beds in health centers in the state has been increased to 1000 during these times of Covid-19 and up to Rs 250 crore has been spent on the construction of health centers from Sub Centers, Laboratories, bedrooms and others.
Every religion or church group has its own ideas, principles, ideas and religious stories to emphasize the truths it understands and believes.
They are planes, only 'the children have been eaten'
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there is a shortage of specialist doctors.
Shillong, November 16: The BSF 4th Battalion today conducted a free medical treatment for the people on the border with Bangladesh for four villages, Dawki, Bakur, Sankhat and Jaliakhola. where more than 400 people have benefited.
The Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Shillong on Tuesday called for talks with the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) to resolve their grievances. This is the National Education Policy, 2020 (NEP-2020).
“As the leader of the circle, I urge all the people of War Jaintia to stand together on this NRC especially those villages near the border, Kharkhena, Sankhat, Muktapur to Dawki”.
There are 21 teams participating in this year's tournament divided into two divisions, Premier A and Premier B.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the curfew has been extended from Monday to Friday so that the residents can buy their necessities. Essential Commodities.
The match was played in 13 overs each and Manipur won the toss and elected to bat first while Meghalaya scored only 62 runs in 13 overs.
These things which we have not seen are perfect, made of pure gold, like pure gold, and of precious stones; no thief, no death, no sickness, no day, no moon.
In this regard, the Minister informed that for the year 2021-22, the MHA, Department of Border Management through a letter dated 03rd October, 2022 has released a grant of 650 lakh tyngka (580 lakh per share). central government and 65 lakh from the state government’s share) as the first exemption.
Therefore, with great sadness, we explain here so that the people can understand and at the same time we request the residents of Jarain to come to the table of discussion so that we can bring peace and stability in our village. To hold the Dorbar, we will explain everything in front of the Dorbar Shnong so that the people can understand.
The man could not say why he was carrying the money and police have seized the money.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by the Chairman of the Election Committee, Bah E.Kharmalki.
The General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, said that the farmers will no longer believe the talk, which is only in words and without writing.
The crime of vandalism is often coupled with criminal trespass.
This Spirit convicts man of sin, righteousness, and the judgment that Jesus Christ will come as King and Judge.
She demanded that the government should halt his deportation.
“We have decided to provide training to these SHGs in the fields of Information Technology, education, health and sports.
After the High Court ordered the government to hold a public hearing, the government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has moved the block from Wapung to Khliehriat and will operate fully from Khliehriat. The DC of East Jaintia Hills has been appointed.
Speaking to u SP City, Vivek Syiem said that the petrol pump is owned by Plostarland Lyngdoh of Nongshiliang.
According to them, the commandant has said briefly that the closure of the roads is due to the threat to the security forces.
Without you fellow citizens living in the border areas, we would have been deprived of all our land in Bangladesh and Assam.
Speaking to media, Om Prakash, Deputy Manager, TRIFED, Ministry of Tribal Affairs, said that the purpose of the fair is to give the opportunity to the manufacturers and producers of agricultural products to exhibit their products. TRIFED will assist in transporting the agricultural products for export outside the state.
He said the Congress will make arrangements across India as well as in Meghalaya regarding the new office bearers.
There is no question here how farmers can support their children with 10 tyngka piah or 2 tyngka to send their children to school and college so that they can go to school as usual. .
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) have been blocked by the police and district authorities while they were about to listen to the Synrai Dorbar in the Legislative Assembly. on the morning of November 15, 2021, despite having received their passes to enter the state assembly building and according to police sources, they said that the reason they They expelled and banned the members of the party after receiving an order from the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly through the Deputy Commissioner not to allow these members to enter the House.
You have supported me since birth.
Obadaia Bareh scored the best goal in the 73rd minute for Rymbai Shkenshynriah to win the title this season.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has tested again those who had contact with the first person.
Diesel will cost T.52.51 per liter in Delhi from Tuesday and T.53.35 per liter in Mumbai, down by 93 paise.
However, when the students arrived at the school, they told the teachers, all the students and the Chairman of the school about the behavior of Kong Marvelous Dkhar.
Therefore, we are learning more and more about this.
As a result of this environmental degradation, many water wells have been destroyed and the residents of this area are facing difficulties in getting water wells to drink for drinking water.
The passenger shed has been implemented under the MDC scheme through Special Assistance at a cost of T.1 lakh for the year 2018-2
The Government will continue to strive to create more opportunities especially in the field of education for students who wish to pursue higher education especially in Medical which will benefit many.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, RBYF President Bah Bipul Thangkhiew said that as an organization that stands to serve for the benefit of the people of Ri Bhoi, we are proud to emerge as such a leader who is willing to speak out for the needs of the people. The district has expressed its demand for artificial turf in Ri Bhoi District, whether it is in Umsning or in the opposition, Kurkalang or Nongpoh. Government, he should be praised as an MLA who speaks truth for the benefit of the youth.
Tynsong said that many rules have been laid down in the Piggery Mission to help improve the pig farming in the state. they get the loan.
Nongstoin, July 08: The BJP West Khasi Hills District President Fridoline Marwein has announced that the BJP will celebrate the 2nd Anniversary of the NDA Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi. Modi as the Prime Minister of the country on July 15, 2016 at 11 am, at the Free Morning School.
Seven participants from Jaintia Hills have participated in this tournament.
The Government's decision to repeal the MRGA Act came after strong opposition from various groups including religious leaders and Sengbhalang groups, who opposed the proposal to bring a casino inside the country. the State.
The District Statistics Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the National Statistics Day on the theme “Data for Sustainable Development” at the Dorbar Hall of Mynthong Village, Jowai.
For in the days of your old age, when you have grown old and gray-headed, your children will understand your error.
Speaking on the occasion, the three leaders, Bah RR Makdoh, Bah CB Syiem and Bah RB Shadap, said that the reason why they left the party is because they don't agree with the party. They also discussed the working methods of the party and their vision for the future. The UDP has the hope of the state as a national party to provide services to the poor and needy.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has strongly condemned the arrest of Bah JL Mawdoh, driver of Tata Sumo, for colliding with the vehicle of the Chief Minister under the Attempted Murder Act. break the law against the little ones and die before the chiefs of the Hain.
Some changes should be considered to empower boys and make them responsible.
We don't know and we don't have any information that uranium will be mined in the state”.
BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak, on Tuesday said that the Aadhar number is not the '666' or the number of Satan or the 'Anti-Christ'
The MLA in the presence of the MDC, Principal, Teachers, Elders and others inaugurated the Special Rural Work Program Souvenir of the 25th anniversary of the school.
Therefore, as an organization that has concern and responsibility for the plight of the people, it is ready to provide assistance to these refugees who need assistance at this time of need.
These medals are clean and there is no place to keep them except in the Ganga,” said Sakshi.
Marak also asked the MDA Government, “If the Government fails to implement the JJM scheme in a village with 37 households, how can it achieve the target of 1000 households? century of this project by the end of
When asked whether the Prime Minister has admitted that the state is rich in money, Bah Lyngdoh said it is incomprehensible how the Prime Minister can cover up when the state is facing many problems. because of the financial crisis of the state.
However , a few months after winning the election , Dango resigned from the post of MLA and contested the mid - term election from the NPP He left the Congress party and joined the HSPDP. In the mid-term elections from Ranikor, he did not support Dango but worked hard for the UDP candidate Pius Marweiñ. win this election.
He said that Sounder S.Cajee is the brother-in-law of Rowell Lyngdoh, he is not a businessman, he is not a school teacher, he is not a government officer. He was the leader of the Student Union in 1987, the founder of the FKJGP in 1990 and the leader of the Student Union in the meeting to protest and defend the jaidbynriew in Motphran in those years.
“Dr Kant has returned the file on Friday on the proposal to divide the constituencies of KHADC submitted by the DCA,” the government said.
Rubi Binong, father of Walinda, said he disagrees with the claim of the Mody University authorities that his daughter had taken bih drugs. the phase itself.
We lost Shillong according to the 2001 Census, where the Khasi were the majority only in Jaiaw, Mawkhraw Pyllun and Malki, otherwise the Khasi were the minority in the whole of Shillong.
After the incident, the driver of the truck and his assistant fled the scene, while the truck was seized by the police.
The three arrested were identified as Shemphang Sun, 20, Kyrshan Nongneng, 30 and Jop Synshar Kharbhih, 30 years old. on 3 March.
The four political parties, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM), the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) ) under the banner of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) have planned to burn the statues on the grounds of condemnation of the shooting death by the Assam Police of four residents of Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills on the morning of the 22nd of this month at Mukroh village.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills Bikram D Marak said that they have received the complaint and the investigation is ongoing. ahead.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that three people have been killed in an earthquake in Laitlarem, Mawphlang Block, East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the SP, Bah B. Laloo, said that the Assam police have released the two men and have taken them to the Meghalaya police from Boko. The district officials said that the cause of the incident was because the MeECL department did not inform the authorities when it went to install electricity in the village. of the district, but they went there and perhaps there were complaints from the Assam side where the Assam police went to the place.
Shillong: Out of the 144 new cases of covid-19 in Ribhoi District today, 54 cases, 6 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases, 1 soldier, 40 policemen and and Umroi Plain.
Rida replied, “Best palat I Niakha.
He said that the repeal is more difficult compared to the introduction of a new Act or Ordinance.
The incident happened at about 11 pm and it is suspected that the fire may have been caused by forgetting to turn off the cooking gas.
It is estimated that about 98% of women find it difficult to struggle to get rid of these diseases.
In the 7th judgment, it will be the time of God's wrath against Satan and against the unrepentant people of the world.
She said that when the people sent a statement to her as Chairperson and to the members of the Commission, they expressed their concern over the dissemination of the photographs of the two brothers and the coffin. their.
The government pays T.9,200 per month to LP school teachers and T.9,900 per month to UP school teachers.
Let us see first that the killers in uniform will be punished according to their deeds, maybe in other years, we will raise those Indian flags, if we see that justice stands,” he said. article posted on social media.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The All Jaintia Labor Union (OLU) has expressed its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong of Caroline Colony for accepting 10 Cherry Blossom tree seedlings for planting in the village.
The festival, which the government is preparing to hold soon next month, is expected to attract 10 lakh visitors from all over the world.
He said that at this meeting, the committee has also directed the political party leaders to send their comments by July 15 on the implementation of the Roster System and the Reservation Policy.
It's like buying a ticket to go to the cinema or take a train or a plane,” he said.
Furthermore in order to bring the convenience achieved through digital, customers can check out the garage through virtual showroom of Toyota Hilux from their homes, which truly serves as a gesture to express their Our approach is 'We Are Where You Are' or 'We are where you are'
Citrate made from citric acids can help raise the pH of the urine and can also break down kidney stones.
The list of players selected to represent Meghalaya is: Shubham Rasaily, Kshitij Singhania, Avinash Rai, Lensbirth N Marak, Rituraj Rabha, Angkit Tamang, Shahin Alome, Shavian Blah, Banialam J Mylliemngap, Josiah D Wanniang. , Denikcheng Marak, Dingriko Marak, Bilgrak G Sangma, Charm Marbaniang, Da-u-la-biang ShangpliangKi Standbys: Thunun R Marak, Justin Fancon, Ferando BM Sangma, Dipankar BaruaSupport staff: Sandipan Deb Nath (head coach), Mark A Laloo Meghalaya will start their first match on 12th March against Bengal, followed by Hamboy Langbang (physio), followed by They will play against Uttarakhand on 14th March and after that they will play against Hyderabad on 16th March.
Chinese Zhang Zhizhen has become the first Chinese player in 86 years to win his first victory at the French Open.
At this meeting, the candidate for the MDC election 2019, Helping Phawa, who is also a former MDC of Tuber constituency, has joined the NPP party. it’s his fans.
So it is to God that we deserve and praise in worship, but not to praise the prophet.
The state government has to meet and talk with the central government but it doesn't mean that just because there is an understanding here, to think that if the NPP candidate is elected, they will have an understanding with the BJP. , that's just wrong.
Police have arrested these two persons on Tuesday night near FCI. Four youths have been arrested for their involvement in the shooting of a truck driver from UP, Gulfam. Khan, 38, Baram Pal, 42, of Athiani UP and his son, Kapil Kumar, who were driving the truck (UP 15-AT). Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment after he was injured in the shooting.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat MLP FT 1-0 in the Shillong Premier League of the SSA on Saturday at the SSA Stadium in Polo.
These natural disasters are the most common, and if this works we will be the first state to deploy drones," she added.
Shillong: The Vinoo Mankad Trophy in Vijayawada today lost against Delhi by nine wickets after winning the toss and electing to tied. They scored 76 runs in 33.4 overs.
The order said that the state government has had 10 years to resolve this issue, but the government has not been able to do anything and has failed in all aspects to curb the smuggling of u coal.
Lasting Gadew, Secretary Village Council, said that in 2012-13 when the JHADC planned to auction the river to the fishermen, the village opposed and demanded that the thwei be changed. who are in this village for the purpose of preserving the fish sanctuary.
The death toll has risen to
Step – which means sunrise in the Khasi language.
We will immediately take the necessary measures to resolve all these issues.
No one was injured in the incident but a vehicle (MZ-01-2037) which was passing by was damaged.
Memes have been made against the Riewrangbah if they don't agree or disagree, they have been criticized, some have even talked about the personal or household affairs of these Riewrangbah and the sad thing is that When they receive such images or Scriptures, they are afraid to spread them.
It is located at Pomshutia Village, about 5 KM from Shillong city.
According to the 2011 census, out of the 29.67 lakh population of the state, only 14.50 lakh are Khasi-Jaintia and the rest are ethnic minorities.
Earlier, Prof. Badaplin War of NEHU, taking the example of Phan Nonglait, said that the time has come for women to become leaders in the community. .
He urged the residents that while the work is ongoing, those who come to Shillong have to pass through Umroi to Mawtawar or through the Shillong Byepass to reach NEIGRIHMS or they can pass through Umsaw to I went to Mawmaram for a while.
The Minister said that according to the investigation, the condition of the Umiam Bridge is still good but the government has decided to investigate further on the strength of the bridge before installing the equipment to strengthen the bridge. .
Sawaka Kynjing, a student of Khad Ar Daloi Law College, Jowai, came first with 63.27 pc and Shillong Law College came second in the LL.B examination. 6th Semester will be held in July
However, the question has arisen whether the Government will distribute this donation to the families affected by the deaths of more than 877 newborns and 61 mothers who went to give birth in the State during the month of June. until November 2020.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the incident in Nongsder which led to the arrest of four men may be due to this reason because some women are angry with this decision because they are no longer free.
Speaking to media, Bah Komik Khongjirem, President of the Culture and Tradition Society, said that the reason why he founded this band since 2002, is to lead the the youth in relation to the music and dance of the Khasi culture.
Shillong: Heavy rain and cold weather has hit Umroi area at 4:15 pm this evening and in this incident the rice fields which were about to be harvested have been destroyed.
Nongpoh: Two NPP MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah Damanbait Lamare, MLA Umroi, along with other NPP leaders from different parts of Ri Bhoi, have been arrested. They this morning met with Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to discuss many development projects related to Ri Bhoi.
Thanks,John F Kharshiing.
On the other hand, Bah Alos Nongpoh Secretary of the Society said that the group welcomes the people from all over the country to come to the society because these species of birds stay only for about 10 months in the society before they leave. He said that the time when the public can see these species of birds is from 4 pm because in the morning they go out to look for food.
The Chief Minister's Office (CMO) said that all district collectors have been directed to ensure the smooth running of the payment of pension to the beneficiaries.
How did you say “Fr day”? You forgot to say Bah Sil.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok said that the union has received complaints from many people that there are people who come to take medicine from Oral Substitution Therapy (OST). There is a drug treatment center in the area and after these people have taken the medicine, they sit on the road and block the path of other people. who came to take medicine from this place of treatment.
Although Coming One Ymbon did not elaborate on his departure from the Congress to the NPP, he said that he has been the leader of the Congress party for the past two terms. He has left the NPP party, which is also the leading party in the current MDA government.
There shall be no more hunger, no more thirst, no more robbery, no more rain, no more storm, no more pain, no suffering.
Other sources said that the woman, who was ill, had gone for treatment at NEIGHRIMS and had recently returned from Delhi with her husband. Covid 19 disease.
“I have submitted all the requirements but we still have to wait for what we will get and what we will lose. “It's a good idea to share as much as you can,” he said.
He said that in the past, he had received the money for only 15 days but now he has not received the money for many months.
New Delhi: The Union Cabinet meeting chaired by the Prime Minister today approved the proposal to release the 3% increase in the Dearness Allowance. to employees in Central Government jobs and offices and also to Dearness Relief (DR) to retired Central Government employees from 31% of the total salary and allowance .
Speaking to media, Dr Ampareen said, “If they violate the rules and do not return to serve in the state, they have to pay for what they spent on their studies.
At 12:30 pm, reporters from Jaintia Hills received information that dozens of trucks carrying timber have passed through the road. Nartiang-Nongpoh, they went to Nartiang to inspect and during this inspection they found two trucks and when asked, they said that they did not have any documents, but they were allowed to pass only. by paying T.500 to the Forest Department of JHADC at the Check Post.
Shillong: A few days after the governments of Meghalaya and Assam decided to deploy central security forces, the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today clarified that the CRPF will not be deployed at all. within areas where there are no hazards or where there may be no hazards.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the hosting of the North East Olympic Games 2022 should no longer be delayed in the management of the Meghalaya Games
This information was received from Dorbar Shnongs, explanations from government departments and explanation programs at various meetings, churches and schools.
He said that most of the time when children are employed in this way, their food and drink is not enough, their sleep is not enough and their pay is not enough.
The meeting was attended by Bah DRJ Syiem, Nodal Officer of the Unique Disability ID Project, Shillong. opinion on this issue related to the people with disabilities in the District who will take part in the polling.
He also reminded that we should respect the flag of the country because it has its own meaning and encourages the young.
These departments of the government in their own small capacity have worked hard to find ways and means how to eradicate this disease in both our districts.
However, due to the lack of proper roads, many crops are lost.
“We held a follow-up meeting on Tuesday because before the start of the next season, we have to be ready regarding the books that should be received by mid-June,” said Rakkam. “Once we have received the permission, we will take the necessary decisions and send the books for printing”.
Speaking at the meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong, Nitin Gadkari said that the Central Government has a goal to promote economic development in the North East. It is the road that is the source of income and is also the main road to facilitate other development projects.
The impact of Digital India in terms of opening up opportunities and inclusion has been evident across India.
“If they have the intention to create misunderstanding, it will be considered as a crime,” said the Chief Minister.
They are Ram Kynjing of Panaliar, Jowai and Gilford Pde of Chilliangraij.
Other issues that the BJP has put before the Governor to talk to the Ministry of Education of the Union Government to talk to Delhi that if there are people who are qualified, The state should appoint a Vice Chancellor who is not from the state and especially if he is a mother.
“It is necessary for everyone to take action so that the central government can listen to this,” said Dr Tiwari.
“During these months of lockdown we have not earned anything and we have found it difficult to pay this tax and we have urged the DTO to look into the appropriate method of payment to avoid affecting the taxi owners,” he said. said the Secretary of WJHTODA and urged all taxi owners to stop paying this tax until the DTO informs them.
He said that at present they are sending a study to the lawyers for further consideration and if the NGT order is stronger than the NGT, MUDA will proceed to demolish the illegal structures on the banks of the Umkhrah River.
The seized cows were handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Hebrews 10:9.
“The struggle now is between the powerful and we are ready to sacrifice our lives for the cause of the Jaidbynriew,” said Saińkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC. Remember to be a doer, not a hearer,” said Bruton.
There are about four percent of nitrogen in the 100 percent of the untreated seed, but there are about 9 percent of the nitrogen in the 100 percent of the untreated seed.
The convention of the blind recognizes that those who use the White Rod are blind and need help from others.
“You are cursed! You make unjust laws to oppress people...That is how you prevent the poor from receiving their rights and from receiving justice.
?" asked Panah.
When asked why, Bah FR Kharkongor said that they have received a video of an MLA from Assam saying that all those who live in Assam should not vote because he will not allow them. to vote.
Earlier, the government said it was awaiting the report of the investigation as no one could be punished until the investigation is completed.
However, at first glance, it was seen that some of them did not know the A or B of the driver's license but they got exactly the license.
It was found that the entry of Bah Alan into the NPP has helped the NPP Shella as many of these villages and townships which fall under Sohra village now fall under the Shella Constituency.
Thep Dujok i Bah MohrmenUnlike Rev. Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh or Albert Thyrniang, who mentioned the parts that should be mentioned, Bah Mohrmen was lynsher, when he stopped in the Khasi and English newspapers, for the sake of Shillong East MLA.
Shillong, July 03: The National People's Party (NPP) has slammed the ruling Congress for its political activities over the appointment of MDCs in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Conrad K Sangma has been appointed by the Executive Committee (EC) of the GHPA for more than two months since November.
The JSM distributed food and household items to the family on Tuesday.
One of the reasons why independent candidates have no opportunity in the state is because the constituencies have less voters compared to the constituencies in the northern states.
Interestingly, it was the advice of these teachers that led me to give up alcohol and other bad habits.
Since the past few years and until now, we have heard allegations that there has been misuse by political parties of the investigation teams whether it is the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED). and others.
The match will now be between St. Anthony's College and BBS College and NEHU, Shillong will play against Synod College.
Speaking as the leader of the HNYF, the HNYF leader said that the government wants to follow the path of the law while the HNLC wants to follow the will of the government.
“There have been other parties who have come to invite me but I have not accepted them because I see that the best party is the UDP to protect the identity of the people,” he said.
The Niamtre faithful, men and women and the elderly, have come out to take part in the festival.
The judges of the 2023 Award include Srinath Perur (Chairman), writer and translator; Mahesh Dattani, playwright and stage director; Somak Ghoshal, writer, critic and learning designer; Kavery Nambisan, a writer and doctor; and Swati Thiagarajan, a conservation journalist and filmmaker.
If we look at the overall medal tally of the states in the region, it is clear that Meghalaya has reached the sixth position in the medal table, which came after Meghalaya has won only 2 gold, 6 silver and 28 bronze medals and Meghalaya has won 36 medals.
During the search, police seized 5 grams of heroin, 10,480 tyngka, two mobile phones, a thyrnia and two plastic bags. shrink.
“The efforts to operate the bus will be coordinated by both countries to ensure the condition of the road, railway and other requirements.
On the other hand, Airikmenlang Shabong urged other youths to work hard in any sports to avoid bad habits especially from drugs, which is widespread these days. current.
Bah Hadwickton Nongsteng, said: “It takes up to 4 and 5 generations for the children of non-Khasi mothers to become Khasi.
In the men's category, Manipur scored the first goal through S Doungel in the 6th minute but Nagaland equalized in the 12th minute through Vhoto.
“I am not afraid to contest against Purno,” said Daryl, 27, Congress candidate from Tura Constituency.
Of these, 49 are high risk contacts or close contacts of those who have not been infected.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has announced that the 5K Fitness Run will be held on the 26th of July, 2023, before the National Sports Day
However, he said that the findings of scientists should be usable by farmers to improve agriculture in India.
This needs to be looked into,” said the High Court.
However, at that time, two women who saw the incident came and helped to rescue them from the danger. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment.
The Saring entered the house and burnt three times in the fire.
“We have fought as hard as we can to get electricity which has been purchased at a low price which has led to the Government spending T.3 crore per day,” said the Minister of Electricity. to create ways to get more electricity even from the National Grid.
The second semi-final will be played between East Garo Hills DCA, which is the leader of Zone 2, against Shillong Cricket Association A, which is the leader of Zone Group A.Shillong:The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday afternoon visited the trading license shops of foreigners. Shillong: There are no proper documents in Shillong.
On the other hand, the President, Working President, Vice President and General Secretary congratulated all the candidates for their victory.
Despite the withdrawal of the NCM, the MCTA stands firm on the ground to address other issues related to the NEP-2
It is sad because they oppose us to build only footpaths, to go to Sengbhalang to hold meetings are banned by the police, Meghalaya police also drive away and Assam police also drive away. .
Mairang will witness a contest between the HSPDP candidate Counselor Wahlang, Lawrence Basaiawmoit of the Congress and the UDP candidate Metbah Lyngdoh. announced faithfully until now.
Speaking to reporters, Shakliar Warjriu said that the Sports Department is preparing for the Meghalaya Games 2024, according to his observation during his visit to the venues. various games were held.
For the safety of this day, the Traffic Incharge of Lumdiengjri Police Station has decided to provide one way on all the roads of Lower Mawprem. No entry from Lumkshaid Bridge to Lumkor and from Upper Mawprem to Kyrbom. For vehicles leaving Lower Mawprem, there will be no entry from Kyrbom to the District Council.
East Khasi Hills has decreased sharply with 95 cases, West Jaintia Hills with 28 cases.
There were also many stalls to raise awareness on various health related programs aimed at raising awareness on Ayush Health and Wellness Care”. Bharat Cards, in the issuance of Unique Health IDs under the ABDM for those who come to participate as well as in providing training and awareness to the residents on healthy eating, hygiene and other areas related to you grow you par.
Besides the party leaders, Bah Lyngdoh said the party has also elected five members to the committee.
In the women's football category, Seng Khasi Secondary School won the first prize, Umthlong Nongthliew Govt Secondary School won the second prize and RWR Five Brothers Five Sisters Sec School won the third prize.
In Nongkhlaw, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and MLA of the constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in his speech at the Patriotic Home, Nongkhlaw Hima. He said that the heroes of the state including Tirot Sing Syiem, Pa Togan Sangma and Kiang Nangbah have been honored not only by the people of Meghalaya but also by the courage and dedication of these heroes. There is no such thing as a country in India.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and Bah AL Hek today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Jagat Prakash Nadda at his residence in New Delhi.
The Supreme Court has decided to allow the export of more than 75,000 metric tonnes of coal from the State from tomorrow 17th to 31st June. The challan was used to transport the coal.
Police have registered a case under Laitumkhrah PS Case No.129(08) 2014 u/s 420 IPC and police are conducting investigation.
On the same day, awards were also presented to Bataw PHC and Pamra Paithlu PHC, which are the best performing PHCs under the Kayakalp program 2023-2
KAS held this meeting after the suspension of work due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and also elected the office bearers for the term 2022-2
On the other hand, the SDO promised to do what the HYC has suggested.
“As of now, even the bill is not available, and some chairmen of VECs have to mortgage their land to pay for the equipment to pay for the work and even the equipment shops are not paying anymore. “It's not like we're going to buy because they don't have the money,” said the General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Rangbah Shnong Union.
“First of all, the youth should understand that it is necessary to strengthen their own feet so that they can build their own homes and communities. both to the country and to the nation".
Electricity.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the first phase of the Covid Vaccine will be provided by the Central Government and the state government has not spent any money on this first phase.
Groups wishing to participate must register through the Google Form.
There have been 60 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The program was conducted by JNC Khliehriat Circle President Remiki Dkhar.
I saw that those who spoke of heaven also spoke as John did in his vision.
However, even there, although they say that it was a city in the past, it has now started to be destroyed.
The Prime Minister did not want to say yes or no to the question, but said it was his duty as the Prime Minister.
Speaking at a meeting held at Jirang Market today, HITO leaders from Bah Donbok Dkhar President of HITO, Bah Apbor Nongrum Vice President of HITO RI-Bhoi District and others strongly criticized the previous government. The Ksuid government and the Thlen government which has destroyed the country and the nation as the people have experienced in the past 5 years, the attack on teachers, the inability to resolve the border, the Mukroh incident , the shooting death of the youth of the country by the state police as well as the Assam police, the metor issue, the unemployment of the youth, and others that the people have been shocked and angry.
“The state government will take action to complete the relocation of the people living in Them Metor as soon as possible after the elections as this has been taken on the land of the state in the past when the land has been looked after for The Division Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee on 16th June passed the order.
This work has been completed quickly, as on Sunday, the 12th, there will be a Synod service at Mawlai.
UVALDE (TEXAS): An 18-year-old man has shot and killed 19 schoolchildren and two teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: Nongshken MDC Grace M Kharpuri on Tuesday said that the construction of a well in her house was constructed after receiving permission from MUDA. MUDA on the construction of a well at its residence in Upper New Colony.
We learn a lot from them.
Although there are many optional papers within the old syllabus, colleges are not able to allow students to choose due to the lack of teachers and classrooms.
New Delhi: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader today criticized the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat's statement that people have their own religion, but all Indians, have the same DNA or the same ancestry.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: After being appointed as the President of the West Khasi Hills District Congress Committee, Boldness L. Nongum today convened the first meeting of the Congress Committee.
The influx of young people who have been considered backward, to jobs, whether in the LD or I.A.S ranks, is indeed a threat to the future of the country.
“Why am I being treated like this? who are the great thinkers on this?, what do they want? And what is their income?" said Arvind who once again rejected the offer to provide security forces for him like other political officials.
Shillong, July 10 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem today submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The electricity department has demanded that the department should pay the compensation to the three-year-old child of Kong Katbina Iawphniaw and Bah Synsharlang Syiemlieh from Mawkohphet village, South West Khasi Hills District. She lost both her hands due to electricity shortage at her village in Mawkohphet and is undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS. Samla Forwardman Nongrem said that although the transformer is near the school, it has not been built to prevent any tragic incident and to prevent the children from playing in the area. .
However, Niaw Wasa managed to equalize in the 39th minute.
Shillong: There have been 14 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The State Office of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission on Tuesday held an awareness camp on the PMEGP Scheme at Thadnongiaw Community Hall, Bhoirymbong Ribhoi District.
“The government alone cannot do it, we need the people to achieve it,” he said.
He said that the Seng demands that the government should withdraw the notification and should restore the boundary within the KHADC as usual so that the village authorities can continue to paint like you're all right.
On the objection of the Joint Committee Dorbar Kur that there are some shortcomings in the Bill, Bah Shylla said that there are people who want to delay these issues but it will go ahead and the people have known. by Clan Bill.
Until the beast rules, the end will not come.
Finally, he said the government will follow up on this issue from the central government until the inclusion of Khasi and Garo in the Sixth Schedule.
According to the Prophet Ezekiel we see that God was very sorry for Jerusalem because her people had turned away from the Lord God.
In this regard, when contacted by Bah T.Nongrem, one of the biggest supporters of the HSPDP since the time of the Hill State protest until now, he said that all the office bearers of the departments They are still waiting for the time to announce the name of the candidate, as it will be announced after a while.
According to sources, the road workers in the area have started restricting the traffic, where they have allowed vehicles to pass through the area. time, since the beginning of this rainy season.
The network in the area is not working properly and the public and students are facing problems due to the lack of network and internet.
They include Rasongbor Pamshong, 24, who graduated BA from Synod College, Shillong and Babutnamhiam Pamshong, 21, who graduated from Synod College, Shillong. They took this step to stand on their own feet after seeing that in this age it is very difficult to rely only on government jobs and therefore it is necessary for them to stand. on their own feet and that is to set up this fast food shop.
" Bahdeng said, "I'm sorry for you, Bah Deng.
“I am confident that this National Hackathon will improve governance and bring modern solutions for the people of the country,” he said.
It has been more than 22 years since we did not have a full Legislative Assembly after the collapse of the Legislative Assembly in Khyndailad.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lead the country in the 77th Independence Day celebrations at Red Fort, Delhi on 15th July,
However, the daju, who expressed their reluctance to wear clothes, shouted with a loud voice from the police station of Syiem Mylliem at Iewduh, that they should not wear them.
He was also welcomed by the Archbishop of Nongpoh Parish, Fr. Peter Syiemlieh, Fr. Paul Olphindro Lyngkot, Provincial of Shillong Province, Fathers, Sisters and Religious Leaders including There were also students and alumni of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh.
The man said that he is very sad because he has lost about Rs.10,000/- tyngka and he doesn't even have the car fare to buy rneng for his children.
Likewise, the disciples and followers of Jesus, including Jews, Arabs, Gentiles, slaves and other nationalities, gathered in Jerusalem.
The two candidates who have announced to join the NPP are Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency and Mohendro Rapsang, MLA of West Shillong Constituency. He sent his resignation letter along with Dr Ampareen Mazel Lyngdoh.
Think, how many others have destroyed the country in the past 70 years”.
Mukhla Raij SC beat Caroline Colony 2-0 in the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
We also condemn the actions of this man especially against women,” said the National Working President of the NPYF, Bah Nicky Nongkhlaw.
She said that if anything happens, even slightly, to any complainants related to illegal mining and transportation of coal or illegal operation of coal burning factories, the state government will you have to take responsibility.
Because she is a singer who has never seen anything that will happen in human beings and she is brave enough to speak out when she sees, her songs are very thought provoking and related to her. KIAW KHASI, TRADING LICENSE, BIRIA ELECTION, and KA PEI GOVERNMENT PLAN. that they have a great value for the life and death of the nation especially in these days.
However, the Amendment Bill was rejected without a voice vote, even though Bah Adelbert had already explained the purpose of the Amendment Bill.
The reporter visited the two places where the killings took place on Saturday morning and no weapons were found. and they smote him, and killed him, until he was dead.
Earlier, General Manager DCIC, Bah HN Kharpuri, said that the purpose of the fair is to enable local entrepreneurs to showcase their talents through their work and to encourage others to improve their income through self-employment and to take advantage of the support schemes of the government through the Department of Commerce & Industries.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 30: U Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the East Jaintia National Council (JCCRP) and General Secretary of the JCCRP, has been one of the leaders of the EJNC, JSU and JSM. , JYF, Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills, Union of Village Authorities of Jowai invite the residents of East Jaintia Hills District to join the Mungor protest called by the JCCRP this morning 31st June in Khliehriat, at the Court of Woh Kiang Nangbah near the office of the Deputy Commissioner as a sign to force the government or as a sign to show the government that as the residents of the district that it is time to look into or review the old Reservation Policy.
If you don't like it, you have to become a politician.
The death toll has risen to
They are hunger suppressants and can provide weight loss.
Anantkumar Hegde, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today said, “Any hand that touches a Hindu woman should be cut off. an".
And one of these ways worst of all, is their ability to spend more than four times the amount from which they report to election authorities, and they can easily hide these expenditures in parts that are illegal.
On the 20th, they will lay flowers at the memorial of Woh Kiang Nang Bah at Syntu Ksiar, Jowai.
When asked, the Prime Minister said, “It is necessary to consult with all those involved, because it is not good for the government to hide this issue because everyone has the same concern. ".
The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay, has imposed Section 144 CrPC in Ri-Bhoi District to ensure the smooth conduct of the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held on the 19th of this month. June 30th.
“At the first meeting on this issue which was held on the 6th of this month, it was decided that it is necessary to consult with other groups and to ask for their cooperation to resolve the issue. this is the problem.
In another development, four political parties in Jaintia Hills District like KSU-JHDU, JSM-CB, FKJGP-JH and STIEH have strongly condemned the indecent behavior of one of the police officers in charge Ladrymbai. A woman who is a lawyer has been arrested in the media for the past few days.
The Government should have ordered the construction of accommodation for the staff of the PHC in all areas to facilitate the doctors, nurses and staff.
Leaders of FKJGP Jaintia Hills including its President, Tuesday Lytep, Damian S War and others have blessed and wished him to continue to rise to the top. more.
The Half Yearly Exam is also not over.
Bhalang was called.
Sohra: In his condolence speech on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said, “I feel like I have lost my father again”.
Of course I don't brag about myself and I respect the feelings and beliefs of others.
Shallang Block and Mawshynrut Block have won the play-off of the District Level Under-12 Chief Minister Open Football Tournament of the District Sports Officer (DSO), West Khasi Hills.
The Chief Minister has directed the police department to arrest the perpetrator immediately.
“At the end of the thought of getting a majority of 10 members, there are only three members left,” he said.
In Meghalaya, once you have attended school at Class-IX/X, you are ashamed and eager to carry a sword or a spear or a knife.
Paul also praised the cooperation and unity of the Khasi Pnar residents.
In the Tura zone pa, Wasa FC beat Atong Matgrikit 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament. in the match which was played at the Chandmari Ground.
He also won the Man of the Match award in the final against Lebanon and supported the team to win the tournament.
Speaking out against the threat they have seen through newspapers and youtube channels, the officers said that this threat is also a public incitement, which the higher authorities should take action.
Kyrmen Shylla said a Cabinet meeting will be held on 16th June to discuss the matter.
He said that the BSF officials during the meeting promised to take punitive measures against these BSF personnel according to their rules and regulations.
The life of man is full of trials in all respects, they struggle from right to left, but to the brave, he overcomes all the troubles. , he leaves behind them, he accepts and endures those challenges that come in his life, he fights gradually until he becomes a winner in life.
Therefore, he appealed to the people not to be discouraged but to be honest and willing to allow the development to come so that it will benefit not only one or two people. but the common interest of all the people.
For D.F., Director Club Service, Rtn.
It is worth mentioning that the Longkmie, who was killed by her husband, has been missing since 13th October, when she told her family that she would go to Shillong to get medicine. my friend.
The UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has approved the names of the new office bearers from different states after the Nomination Committee came to propose the names. their.
According to the AGM, if any banks do not accept, the relevant authorities can be informed to take necessary action.
Amazon announced that it will continue to introduce a service primarily using AI technology for sellers known as 'Amazon-AI' and conduct the delivery of goods direct-to-consumer (D2C) across India through multi-channel fulfillment.
In another development, the government has requested three more security personnel from the central government in addition to those who are not available due to the incident.
This must be done first so that large and wide aircraft need to see clearly, from a distance and from a distance, its runway.
Umiam Police Station has informed the owners of the motorcycle to come and collect the motorcycle from Umtrew and the investigation is ongoing. The police are still investigating to arrest the suspects, said a source from the Ri Bhoi Police.
Police have recovered six bags of heroin weighing 0.16 grams and two mobile phones.
Conrad said most of India's trade with the North East is with Bangladesh, while trade with neighboring countries like Bhutan and Myanmar is through the border areas outside India. the area.
In the evening, the President will attend a program organized by the Government of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Maybe he will come here or I will go to Kolkata to arrange how we can proceed with this matter," he said.
Ma J Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Celebration Committee, said that the celebration of the jubilee and 125th anniversary of the church will end in November.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya on Tuesday decided to appoint ministers by replacing AL Hek MLA from Pynthorumkhrah constituency with Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA from South Shillong constituency.
Don Bosco was the founder of the Salesian Society, who also felt the call in his life to travel the world in different countries, because he was busy helping young people. in your life.
The union said that any fish farm owners who wish to join the union can inform the secretary or president of RJPOFO by phone.
The President of the party said that they will stop the strike for the sake of the MP election and if their demands are not met they will strike again.
About 200 residents of the village under the banner of Acting Dolloi Ma Kloi Pale, Secretary Ma Deimonmi Dkhar, civil society groups including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, MPUF, JSM and residents.
Shillong, Nailar, 02: Trinamool Congress MLAs from Meghalaya today called for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. Parliament has included a debate on this issue in the Zero Hour.
Ma Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai Constituency said, “To support the farmers whose farmland has been damaged by the floods, the BDO office Thadlaskein will assist them through the 100 days bill scheme or MGNREGS. of Land Development.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that as the village is running smoothly, the Dorbar Shnong has tried its best to curb the entry of foreigners in many ways.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 3 cases and all of them are high risk contacts and in West Jaintia Hills, there is only one case.
TUR leader Angela Rangad has alleged that the present government is trying to suppress the voice of the people like during the British rule.
Markus Marak, who will contest from Siju Constituency, will contest from a political party with a coalition. Out of the 20 constituencies in GHADC, there are still 3 candidates for the MDC elections. GHADC, however, said that there may be others besides these three as there are still others who are still going to consult for the election.
The radiation from this mineral is constant and very dangerous, when mining is not done in accordance with the rules of law, as mentioned under the MMDR Act. 1957 (Mines and Minerals Development Regulation and Atomic Energy Act 1962) and other important laws and regulations.
This will be the biggest Baby League in the country.
", said Mr. Ardent.
The lack of oxygen for the patients occurred at 5.10 pm and thus, this has caused confusion to the patients and their families.
Apply sunscreen to all parts of the body especially the exposed parts of the body such as the face, hands and feet.
Shillong, March 9: U Union Minister of State for Indigenous Affairs, Jual Oram will arrive in Shillong on the 12th of this month and on the same day he will also visit the rural areas where the projects have been implemented. which are for the nations.
The Chairman of the Social Cell of JSM, Ardipaul Rymbai, on receiving information that the woman needed blood, immediately sent JSM members to donate blood at the hospital.
Police have implemented Sections 160 and 91CrPC and informed all the Rangbah Shnongs and will seek information and clarification on the incident as reported in the media. They also sent a police team to various villages especially Musniang village to investigate the incident. Police are conducting a thorough investigation to get more information on the incident.
The Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong has said that those who own land or houses within the boundary of the village, who wish to register or do land holding of their land, must first obtain a NOC from the. Village Council.
Earlier, VPP Leader and Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit expressed his concern over the safety and security of the people living in the border villages and said that the people are living in fear and wondering whether It is not because of the excessive slowness of the State Government that it has encouraged Assam not to own the Mukroh.
T.50 lakh to Bah LK Sawkmie for construction of Byrnihat Market, T.50 lakh to Bah Medhi Sumer for construction of Market in Laitlyngkot, T.40 lakh to Bah J. Nongsiej for construction of Quarter in Nongpoh , T.4.5 lakh to M/S Kharsyntiew Industries for the construction of the exterior and interior of the Guest House at MDC Hostel. “It's a good idea to have a CEM,” said Bah Tein MDC of the UDP from Shella constituency.
There are 288 members of the Maharashtra Assembly.
“Our desire for a road is so great that we have to negotiate with our husband,” said Bah Bidis. “The leaders have promised to build a road but when it is completed, elections are lost".
Within 24 hours, thunderstorms, thunderstorms and heavy rainfall are expected in parts of the state on the 16th and 17th July
Try to keep the garbage and waste from your home properly covered, to reduce the cost of waste.
Without going into details, I dare to say that, in my opinion, it is the direct vision (seeing the numbers in the vision) that can make the team writer team.
Speaking on the road, the residents from Guwahati to Ri Bhoi District are very happy to travel and stand with the 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi District, but only from Ri Bhoi District to travel. Many of the passengers to Shillong have expressed their concern over the deterioration of the road which has not been repaired or improved yet.
Therefore, we must give a warning so that other generations will listen.
He gave a notice to the shopkeeper to come to their office and prohibited them from selling the goods.
Shillong, Nailar 29: In order to bring about strong performance in the field of accounting and collection and disbursement of funds by the Autonomous District Councils, the Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG) of the State Government in collaboration with and the Department of Economics, NEHU, held a one-day seminar in Shillong on the topic “Strengthening the Finances and Financial Accountability of Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya”.
“We have ADCs and they should get the money for their work and this will happen if the state government through the ADCs use the formula because the 14th Finance Commission has not given them any more money. “States without Panchayati Raj,” he said, adding that the central government will ensure that the money should reach these states as well.
However, their works have been done in a way that has deceived the people.
“As the days go by, leaders of other parties see the work of the NPP which aims to make Meghalaya a Model State in the country, and it is because of the work of other leaders that they have started to join the NPP. “This party is for change and one goal,” said Conrad, adding that it doesn't matter if there are many challenges, but as leaders they will achieve their goal.
In the letter, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh said that in the midst of this tragic incident, she left Kordorlang Shadap to a Longkmie, so that she could leave alone her deceased son. They were sent to their village in Umpohwin.
“I have directed the Deputy Commissioner of NVS, RO, P Vikram Niak Shillong, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and the Principal of the school to ensure that these children should be relocated within three months to a suitable place otherwise I will lodge a complaint with the school. “It's not the right thing to do,” said Kong Kharkongor.
The ACM Awards will be produced by Dick Clark Productions with Raj Kapoor, Barry Adelman and Fonda Anita as executive producers and the names of the winners will be announced soon.
Ale..." She called Bah Deng and he came in and sat down on the chair... "How are you Kongthei..." asked Bah Deng. Bah Deng came to my house.
Therefore, clean your hands regularly to protect not only from pneumonia but also from many diseases that can affect the health of your body.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District will hold a public meeting on the 21st of this month at Mawkyrwat at 12 noon. The KSU will announce the protest.
Man left to support the HSPDP candidate from Mawkyrwat constituency, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
It is learned that these wild elephants came from the Lejadubi area and it is said that these elephants used to come to the area from time to time and the arrival of these wild elephants has put a threat to the people of Lejadubi. According to the residents, these elephants have fled the area but they cannot verify because these elephants have disappeared.
He requested that if it is not possible to set up a Permanent BOP, the government should set up a temporary BOP in these areas according to their wishes. “We want to set up a BOP in Umat and Umthlih. , so that it may be a protection for us in advance of the second phase of reconciliation.
However, the court said that it did not appear that any decision had been taken since the implementation of the Roster System.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECL) has been facing difficulties in building electricity generation projects, but the State Government is ready to accept private groups who can build these projects. smaller projects generating less than 25 mega watts of electricity.
Mawkyrwat, July 08: The Union of Village Youth Organizations of Warsanlyngdoh Area in collaboration with its members and the Sordar of Pyndeng-Umjarain Village, today with a petition to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to express the problems faced by the people of Warsanlyngdoh area.
The KSU has arrested two members of the KSU and allegedly involved them in the killing of two foreigners in Chamat.
The HSPDP has also condemned Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang for his involvement in the rape of a child. “It is with the aim of building the country and the nation not in this way,” said Bah Witting Mawsor.
“We are new in every way, in fact we are not new but we are new because of the lack of loyalty of the leaders, we have lost confidence because of the old leaders, this is only the beginning of “It's a good idea to revive KHNAM after the killing,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The 10-day office blockade called by the HSPDP on Tuesday has been unsuccessful as many government employees have arrived at their offices.
In this struggle, we must make the people aware of the dangers of AITC because this party has not existed in our state since the beginning.
In a statement, HNYF President Bah Sadon Blah said, “While the police are investigating the incident, how can the Coordination and Welfare Committee have pointed fingers by linking the KSU with the murder of Esan? Singh and Sujit Dutta".
Anyone found violating the lockdown order of the Government will be punished according to the law.
There have also been some problems faced by the national team besides the absence of Rahul and the BCCI has also included the names of three players who have already been announced. Ruturaj Gaikwad, Mukesh Kumar and Suryakumar Yadav because the inclusion of lines is uncertain about the participation of the two batsmen of the team, Jaydev Unadkat and Umesh Yadav; Jaydev Unadkat is still suffering from a thigh injury while Umesh Yadav is undergoing treatment for a leg injury while playing in the 36th match of the IPL 2023 against the Royals. Challengers Bangalore and  Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR).
The Music Festival “Scaling Height Park 2019” will be held as part of the celebration of the 7th Anniversary of TWE Music.
They said that BahRynjah is a retired government engineer.
Then the money was given to the crown.
She said the Government of India through Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched the National TB Elimination Program with the aim of eradicating the disease by
She said that the government from time to time announces to bring about cleanliness in the villages, states and the country as a whole.
And Jesus looked upon him, and was moved with compassion, and said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise" (Lk 23:43). Jesus and those who pitied Him when He was crucified, but they did not dare to stand near, so they just watched Jesus from a distance.
“It is not only the investigation into Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew which has not yielded results but many other investigations of this government but it has been too long and we want the government to take action to produce results from this investigation,” he said. to Babu Birbor.
The arrested were identified as Cleavin Malngiang and Rinaldi Syndor, 27, residents of Mawlai.
Residents of the area said that every day dozens of young men gather in the area from 8 pm and these people are new faces in the area. They used to drink alcoholic beverages and this has made the vendors suspect that they may be drug addicts, so they informed the police and immediately after the police search, these youths fled the scene.
The lawsuit demands a fine of 70,000 won (£48) per ticket, 1,000 won plus ticket commission fee (70p), and 1 million won (£696) per ticket. The spectators were worried that they didn't see Ronaldo on the pitch.
“The MDA Government has not done any politics on these issues.
It is not clear whether the clash between the Assam Police and the residents of Malangkona area has occurred only because of the Chongga Dare Valley, which is also a beautiful valley in the Malangkona area. The valley attracts many people to visit its beauty and when the number of tourists increases, the area where the valley is located has become polluted due to the snowfall. plastic bottles and other garbage.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The North East Regional Political Front (NERPF) has decided to support the NDA and the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
Shillong, Naitung 24: About 100 jugalis who have completed the recruitment examination with the support of the KHNAM Youth Wing have staged a protest by sitting with flags near the office at Lumjingshai, Shillong.
Speeches were also delivered by the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka C. Lyngdoh, the Waheh Shnong of Mootyrshiah B and welcome speeches by Rancha Lyngdoh in the presence of the residents of the Elaka.
Real Mythics FC Wapung beat Lynshing FC 1-0 in the Late Jien Pyngrope Memorial Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Mawkynrew Cup Organizing Committee today. the football field of Jongksha.
Statements used in editorials should reflect the truth about what is said or meant to be said by them.
This place was known as Murok where the Khasi Pnar people have been performing their rituals since ancient times in these places which belong to the village of Mukroh.
A soul generated by love- Martin Luther King, Jr"“You are a pretty rich man-Seth Parker"“ Volunteers who don’t necessarily have the time; I urge you and us to help those who need help in any area that we can help and that we need in our journey. and through this we shall build our village, our village, our region and our country.
One group to fight against the order is the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) led by Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa as President.
“We don't fight politics for the people, but as a national party we are concerned and if we are in the EC we have more role to play with our leaders,” said Bah Ronnie.
In the girls' category, Tachi M Sangma of South West Garo Hills won the title.
He said that the state government will launch a special campaign to curb this illegal activity.
They said that from time to time they have been demanding the relocation of the Entry Tax Gate of Assam, until they held a public rally in Jowai to urge the District authorities and JHADC to remove the Entry Tax Gate. take care of this.
Who doesn't remember that a brother has married his sister?
According to Priyanka, it was also because of some that she decided to stop acting in Bollywood and decided to turn her attention to Hollywood films.
Nongpoh: Several persons have been injured in a road accident on the NH-6 in Umtrew this morning, when up to three vehicles collided with each other. , two trucks and one Maruti Car.
Jowai: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lakador Syiem, together with his police team, today congratulated the Childline Jowai and handed over a Syrnod of Appreciation to the Childline. term.
The government has to appoint a new DGP after the Supreme Court ruled that governments cannot extend the appointment of any DGP once he has retired.
“The ILP falls under the Reasonable Restrictions that will be implemented in Itanagar, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland.
In this celebration I took part as one of the members of the choir.
The meeting was conducted by Bah K. Shadap, President of the party.
“I should have received my documents within two or three days but every time I went to the DTO office, I was told by the staff that my vehicle documents have not been received.
She said that many of the members of the department have retired at a young age and the government has opened the door through many schemes of the state government such as CM Elevate and Promotion and Incubation of Market Driven Enterprises (PRIME) where these soldiers can use their skills in entrepreneurship.
At the meeting between the Central Government leaders, the non-national group led by the then MDC, (L) Akramuz Zaman and the indigenous group led by Captain WA Sangma , non-natives were promised equal opportunities from native leaders.
Referring to the presentation of the revised blueprint by the state government at the meetings held, the HPC has already approved it.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The death toll from road accidents in the country has exceeded 5 lakh in the past 10 years and out of these, about 1 lakh people have died and others have been injured.
“We stand firm on this basis because if we cannot fix it now it is better not to fix it anymore and the punishment will be for us the present leaders in the future.
Prestone, who is in charge of the State Police Department, said that there are more than 1000 policemen who should be appointed after they have been selected, and they will be appointed soon.
Continuing to bat in the second innings, Sikkim batsmen failed to cope with the Meghalaya bowlers and managed to score only 139 runs for the loss of all wickets. Meghalaya needed to tied 178 runs to win the match, in which Meghalaya managed to score after losing eight wickets and won the match by two wickets.
John 14:14.
There may be a power outage but we will reduce the hours,” he added.
Perhaps the implementation of the One Way road from Dhankhethi to Laitumkhrah only during school hours as it was done in the past will reduce traffic jam.
"We have to prove this claim.
Deiwi's voice is not clear, the disease (covid -19) is spreading.
Hek said the BJP will work with the MDA 2.0 government to force the central government to implement the demands of the state.
When inquired from the Planning Department, he received a reply that the first name was wrong. The union strongly condemns the Planning Department's failure to demand from Minister Hamlet. Dohling didn't do anything about it.
Various teams from all over India and the Indian Army also came to take part in the boat race at Umiam Lake.
“According to their demand, I feel that the Government cannot do everything, we cannot do everything,” said Bah Tynsong.
At the same time, she heard another loud and loud voice coming from the rock where she was standing and she turned around and saw a young man, who was singing well. , but whom she did not know (whose name was Phira).
On the social agreement with the ANVC and ANVC-B, Dr Sangma said the state and the central government need to take joint responsibility to implement this initiative.
According to the Hima Sohra Land Authority, the rule states that no inheritance can be sold in any manner if the land or house or plants or land to another person or any other property. Panora said that she has not sold or given any pateng to anyone but these foreigners who live in the land. of them are my servants who dwell in the field.
Kimtera scored 12 fours for 90 runs from 68 balls, while Basumatary scored 89 runs from 69 balls until the end of the over. you can score 13 fours.
Jowai, March 20: The illegal trade in cigarettes and tobacco smuggled from Myanmar and Bangladesh in Jaintia Hills has increased in Jaintia Hills. Jaintia Hills District has lodged a complaint with the police regarding the illegal trafficking of these goods.
Karim Samb also led ASC Jaraaf to glory in the 2016 First Division League in Senegal.
Internet will be closed again,If you don't spread the lie, Accept this truth,Now there is no corona.
This statement of Bah Sanbor has made the MLAs and the House laugh, as it is like talking nonsense, even though he is talking about his findings.
However, she said that he has promised to ensure that the employees of the department will not face any more problems.
He said that the villages will send their complaints to the SDO/Executive Engineer in this regard and they will also send them to him as the Minister to take action.
They also said that they do not blame anyone for their departure from the party, but their joining the UDP is to work and provide the best service to the people, like the UDP party. She has the goal and confidence to lead the government in the upcoming elections with hope and will also be able to win the candidates in all the five constituencies in Ri-Bhoi.
When it was Meghalaya's turn to tied, the team lost their first wicket early and had to rely on Dipayan to turn the innings.
The Holy Spirit of the Lord to those who hear and hear the preaching of the word of God.
The Union also called on the experts to talk to the Government of India to allow the Bank to operate on its own.
I don't know who else is that young man who has left Bethany Hospital for Thangsniang River, I don't know for what reason, it is painful to hear.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 75601 out of which 71659 have recovered and 1306 have died.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the duty of the 1917iTEAMS is to bring closer to the farmers of the state for the purpose of transporting agricultural products from the country. part to be sold to the public.
So far, 4,000 people have been killed since Hamas launched an offensive against Israel on March 7,
The MPF has received full support from many political parties including the Young Mizo Association.
“In the last two years as MLA of 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, out of all the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills, I have received the most road construction schemes,” said Ma Nujorki Sungoh. The inauguration and laying of the foundation stone for the construction and improvement of two tourism projects at Iooksi, Mowtyrshiah and the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the Mukhap Village Road on Tuesday.
And the third is to improve their income.
Sniawbha said that the Jowai Beautification Project is ongoing and up to 90% of the road construction projects in the city have been completed.
The Unitarian Union North East India Church (Unitarian Union North East India) has decided to suspend all services in churches and homes from 19th October until further notice.
So far, the Nigerian army has recovered 42 bodies and shifted 18 injured students to Damaturu Specialist Hospital, said a soldier who spoke on condition of anonymity. he didn't crane well.
Clement said that the villagers have misunderstood that it is a government fire and it has been turned off without paying anything.
According to information received from the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) of the state, it has been seen that many newspapers have been published in the dozens since the 1970s until today. has disappeared.
Shillong, March 7: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Lower Primary School Association (AMALPSA) will hold its meeting on the 12th of this month at 11:30 pm at Mawkyrwat Dorbar Hall.
The Waheh Shnong of Tongseng, Chewanbiang Rymbai, has urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against Ramesh Dkhar and others. “He should be imprisoned until he is old, until he is lame and can no longer commit crimes and if the law allows him, he should be hanged.
Shillong, July 20: Seven MDC seats have become vacant, six of them in KHADC and one in JHADC. At the same time, MLAs have resigned from their posts as MDCs after the government introduced the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act, 2015 which was passed by a majority. in the State Legislative Assembly.
“What is happening here is that those doctors who have worked will have to fight for NEET and pass NEET and after that they will be able to teach and this will be more difficult,” he said.
There was also an article saying 'Don't be a slave to tobacco, smoking and drinking shortens life' and many articles showing the harmful effects of smoking and drinking.
It can only urge the two states to resolve this issue in a peaceful and peaceful manner like the North East.
“We have prepared many motions to discuss the policy of the EC, but the sudden closure of the Dorbar by the Dy Chairman has frustrated the purpose of the meeting and because the Dy Chairman does not understand. it is good that he should come down from this chair.
The fire was extinguished by the police and the injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
“From 3 pm we left the village to line up to complete the KYC process. Unfortunately, after midday, the bank staff informed us that we cannot do it anymore because they accept only 15 people. and commanded us to come again in the next working days.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Dmingland Thongni, Myntri Shnong Ngunraw in the presence of the Shnong Ministers, the people and was enriched by songs and dances by the youth of Ngunraw.
The meeting also launched or implemented the National Generic Document Registration System, the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme for the Persons with Disabilities, and others.
He added that people should also eliminate religious differences but unite to get rid of this disease or the disease of starvation.
As part of the opening of Ayushman Bhavah, screening for TB, Hypertension, Oral Diabetes and Breast Cancer was also conducted.
“All the details on the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes will be clarified after November 30,” he said.
He said that the RTI reply shows that in the last three years, the hospital has collected T.2.42 crore from the use of CT Scan, T.26 lakh from MRI and X-Ray. 4 lakh, Blood Test T.2.55 crore and UG Scan T.57 lakh.
The incident occurred at about 4 pm.
Meghalaya, which won the toss, allowed Manipur to tied first.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the state is currently requesting more than 5 lakh covid injections from the central government.
They had smuggled into the Indian border with the intention of staying in India and helping other foreigners from Bangladesh to smuggle into India.
While the government claims to have increased the number of electricity projects, the situation is not clear.
It has been celebrated since 1960 with the International Organization Consumer Unit and is celebrated every 15th October every year.
For Meghalaya, foreign player Rajesh Bishnoi completed 3/49 in 10 overs.
Speaking on the Supermon award, Bah Aldous said, “We have thought carefully after careful consideration and seen that there are many youngsters who have been left behind but who have the ability to speak, walk, have the ability to They are physically fit and especially they have the desire to participate in the competitions and for that reason we have opened the door for them to participate and to feel that they have not been left behind but to stand on their own feet to find ways and means and to be able to carry and leave their families like those superheroes for that reason we will call her Ms Supermom”.
It cannot be said that the development of sports in the state is due to the hard work of state associations, schools, colleges, villages, religious groups, civil society groups and private individuals who have taken the initiative to organize sports. inter state, inter-district, inter-school, inter-county, knock-out and other tournaments which help the youth to showcase their sporting talents.
Dr.B Decruse, Project Director of MACS, Dr.L Myrthong, Deputy Director – Medical at MACS, Dr.D Mlah, Addl.DM & HO of Ri Bhoi District, Dr.E Kalwing, District AIDS Control Officer of Ri Bhoi District District, together with officers from various government departments and from the health department.
Laitkor Sports Club and Mawlai Sports Club will compete for the title of the Shillong Women's League
From Nongkulang – Maweit Road (L =7.68 KM), Bridge No.7/1 (Span = 5.40 m) (Chainage at 7th Km), Bridge No.7/2 (Span = 5.40 m) ) and Bridge No.7/3 (Span = 6.30 m) (Chainage at 7th Km), from Rangthong – Rangjadong – Ngunraw Road (L = 8.55 m), Bridge No.2/1 (Span = 10.00 m) at 2nd Km).
There has also been talk of the sale and the arrival of Congress leaders from the state in Delhi, and this may be due to the fact that they have received news about the problems they will face in the coming days. and what makes them more afraid is the increasing number of BJP leaders in the state.
II.To plant or sow seeds.
Thus the present preaching of the Gospel is nearing completion.
Banteilad Lyngdoh Peinlang, 29, of Shillong, Shillong, has been confirmed positive for illness. Nongpoh, Donggate, who was admitted to CCU on 8th November 2023 at 4:14 pm, passed away on 1st November 2023 at 12:30 pm.
Speaking to media after the visit of the Minister on Friday, Kong Ampareen said that this allegation is false because the baby inside the mother's womb has already died. You can't go to this hospital for treatment.
They spend calculatedly and don’t boast.
To obtain coke, coal must be burned at temperatures above 1000 degrees.
The Best Athletes award was also awarded to four children who excelled in the sports.
According to the National Youth Policy, youth are between the ages of 15 and 29 years and about 30.6 percent or 40 per cent of the population of Meghalaya is between the ages of 15 and 29 years.
The houses that were closed down today are Islamia High School, Bivar Road, Jail Road, GS Road and Motinagar. The MLA of Jirang, Bah Lamboklang, has won.
This was announced at a meeting of UDP women in Bhoirymbong today who came from all over the villages in the constituency to join the United Democratic Party (UDP).
I'm not sure if he's going to be the president of the MPCC.
Before the cleaning of the market, a short meeting was held between the market dwellers and the authorities of the Hima Mylliem. Minister MB Kharlukhi later came to join the crowd.
Ardent said that the news has upset him, because it is the news that he did not expect as it has come out that there is a bitterness in the ARPA, but he has been “I don't want the chair, and I don't regret it, but it's the sorrow of the nation,” he said.
Furthermore, the union said that this attempt to force this public hearing is against the law.
The CRP has now arrived at Khliehriat to patrol the area.
He was a great thinker who was loved and respected by all the family and the community.
Parking spaces on both sides of the road will be along Jingthang Briew Road to Madan Heh, along the road from Presbyterian Church to Madan Heh, Shillong Polytechnic Grounds, from Dong Mali-II Road to Madan Heh, from the place From the Forest Department to the Community Hall of Phudmuri.
According to the notice No.PW/Admn/39/2015/144, for the sake of the good and to facilitate the working methods including the construction and maintenance of roads, the Governor has given approval to postpone the The headquarters of PWD Roads, North Jowai Division has been transferred from Jowai to Shangpung.
In Laban-Mawprem constituency, the fiercest rivalry is between the HSPDP and the NCP, Banrikupar Wahlang and Ricky Shullai.
“However, only after two or three months it appeared in the newspapers that action has been taken against him.
“We are preparing to appeal to the NGT and the application will be submitted on the 19th of June which is the day of the hearing,” said KHADC CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. this Friday.
She added that since the 6th Congress was held in 1947, this is the first time that a change has been introduced. also want to mention so that the amendment will not affect the nation.
The Ranghah Shnong said that the arrival of the Bangladeshis is intended to harass the tourists and to harass the passengers who earn their living in the river.
Dr. Nonglight said; “We have received a reply from the MHA only in October 2019 and after that we have not received any information, there has been no communication from the Ministry to KAS or even to the State Government.
“I have not received any information about this but if there is such a thing, I will take the necessary action,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
“When I turned to the NPP-led Government, the leaders of this party wherever I went to ask for the needs of Mawlai, they respected me even though at that time I was not from their party. , but they respect that I am a leader elected by the people and they look at the issues that he is going to raise," he said. NPP with the best interests of the people of Mawlai.
Samehi Laloo, President Rotary Club Jowai and the National Anthem was sung and the Rotary Songbook was read by all the Rotarians while Rtn.
The inheritance can pass to women or to men.
Therefore, once again, the residents of the village appeal to the authorities first of all the PWD (Roads) department, and also to the employer to listen to this request so that that the people will not face difficulties in traveling and especially in illness through the transportation of vehicles.
Shillong, March 1 : India is witnessing the hard work of the branches and branches of the Sangh Parivar including the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the Bharatiya Janata Party, the Vishwa. Hindu Parishad (VHP), World Hindu Council, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Bajrang Dal, BharatiyaKisan Sangh and others.
But the time has come to gather the wheat from the weeds and the weeds from the wheat.
It is not yesterday’s requirement.
Foods that we can get vitamin D from are salmon, beans, tit and other unprocessed foods.
Nongstoiñ: The Executive Engineer of MeECL today met with the Executive Engineer of MeECL to demand the replacement of a faulty transformer in Mawkynjoin village, West Khasi Hills. The residents of the village have been in darkness for two months.
Love attracts and renews many, from Zacchaeus to Nicodemus and many people.
It can also be witnessed that in connection with the final, the MFA has not arranged in advance which of the officials will join to pay tribute to the invitees.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Tuesday invited the registration of all persons and groups to sell ration for the year
“When you go to vote on the 27th, don't vote only for the leader but for the lawmaker, the legislator and the to work hard for your future.
The Seng said that according to the reply of James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly, it has been informed that 3 licenses have been issued to private companies or companies and also that the Government has already appointed Chairman and Members of the Gaming Commission.
UDP Mairang was accompanied by UDP Mairang leaders and many supporters who waited outside the DC's office. The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the works he has done in the past five years speak louder and the people will witness that and support him again. as a sign of gratitude for what he has done.
He said that since the government announced to set up new out posts across the state, one of the out posts to be set up will be at Umwali.
The Open Northeast Duet Championship has been named the Open Northeast Duet Championship, where the winners will receive a contract to appear on the upcoming album Shad.
He said that three to four companies interested in doing the work have visited the Shella Bridge to prepare the Detail Project Report (DPR).
These are the writings translated into English by one of the most experienced, Bruce Riedel, a retired CIA officer who is also a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute. ISIS must now attack India and carry out terrorist attacks in its regions.
The question now is, what will happen if all these candidates do not win the count alone, when it is necessary to form a coalition government with many parties to reach the number of 31 or more.
The question is how we can prepare ourselves and the village as a whole.
A case has been registered against Pynursla under Section 5 Explosive Act and Section 10/13UAP. He said that the arrest of these four persons was made after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies on the 13th of this month about the arrival of HNLC members from Bangladesh. At 9:40 pm, SOT police seized a Maruti Alto (ML-05M 3807) at the spectator spot. don't go to Mawlieh near Lyngkyrdem.
Silchar, Naitung 13: The Hindustan Paper Corporation Ltd (HPCL) plant in Chachar will have to close down soon due to the ban on coal imports from Meghalaya. The employees of the Cachar Paper Mill have written to the Prime Minister to take measures to supply coal to the factory so that the factory will not have to close down soon.
On the same day, new office bearers of the party will be elected.
This is an app, which is used by doctors and those in PHCs and CHCs and has the ability to find these two bodies and to refer them to health centers and to give birth. , at the right time.
In the Under-18 men's category, Simeon Marak from North Garo Hills won the first prize and in the women's category, Himonki Khaii from West Jaintia Hills won the second prize.
Therefore, if the government feels that it is necessary for the people of the district to have peace and security in all aspects.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Meghalaya Taekwondo Association (MTA) under the banner of the Taekwondo Federation of India (MTA) will soon hold the Taekwondo Black Belt Examination 2023 in Shillong from 2nd to 3rd November. , 2023.
Speaking on the vision of the state and the various targets set to be achieved in the next five years, Sangma said; “I have asked for your support and encouragement for us, to guide and support us so that we can achieve this goal set for the next five years.
In this regard, I request you all to join hands and work together with the District authorities and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Jowai: The RMSA Secondary School Teachers in Jaintia Hills District have expressed their deep sorrow that they have not received their salary for about six months.
There is an allegation that the FCI has not provided the rice, there has been an allegation that the wholesalers and dealers (fsd) have cheated, that the rice has not been received from the FCI and so on. same.
SDPRO Wet.
And the trial shall be conducted by a special court to ensure speedy justice, and to provide government jobs, burial and protection to the families of the victims.
ADIPR.The Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) Jowai Circle has urged the people of West Jaintia Hills District to cooperate with the district authorities to fight and end the chain of spread of COVID-19 which has spread around the world. the life of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : Scientific coal mining is expected to start in the State after the Government of India has approved the mining leases of four miners.
This means that they will fall under the jurisdiction of the Government of India.
The decision was taken after the Vice Chancellor expressed his reluctance to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council despite many requests by the teachers through their unions and other groups. The President of the National Teachers Association (NEHUTA) Prof Lakhom Kma in a statement issued on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : The Chairman of the Meghalaya Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) James PK Sangma today said that he will invite all factories in Meghalaya to form a Joint Consultative Industries Forum (JICF) within the the State to support the efforts of the State Government in strengthening industrial activities in the State.
Shillong, July 03: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced the name of Zindaward N. Sangma as its candidate from Phulbari Constituency for the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections. 27th June, 2023.
However, he said, “There are people who should have received these benefits but have not yet received them.
In the past few days, the farmers of Ri-Bhoi District have been suffering from the death of the sying tram which they have cultivated with great difficulty due to the infestation of sying insects.
Baïateilang is also the Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of various political parties in Ri Bhoi District to protest against the government's decision to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival on Friday. date of this month.
During the meeting with the SHG members, the officers stressed on the importance of water and the need to conserve it.
They don't have jobs and parents are worried about the future of their children.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 3: Several youths of Langshongthiang village, which is one of the villages in Jaïaw Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's failure to provide The Sub Center has not been built in the village, even though it has promised in the past and the land has been allocated.
God is on the side of those who are persecuted, standing and fighting with them.
It is alleged that this deletion of the writings strongly suggests that there is something wrong with the border issue.
The JCCRP has decided to set up a core committee to discuss the new recruitment quota in the state.
On the other hand, some of the students of St. Anthony's College said that the college's order to have an Aadhaar Card in order to sit for their examinations has been a sign of violence. and not only that, but it also caused them great trouble.
Railways have been reaching only the northern part of Dimapur for decades, not like we have here.
Lapang, a police officer, was honored by Dr APJ Abdul Kalam, who took him from Guwahati, when he last came to IIM Shillong, where he stood guard from Guwahati. Guwahati to Shillong and prompted Kalam to come out and congratulate the former leader of the country for his righteous service.
Therefore, the article shows that different religions, write clearly, that it should pay its own debt fairly and says that by respecting and respecting the religious beliefs of a person, thus paying The economy should go hand in hand with religious feelings as well and this will eradicate theft and non-payment of taxes.
Party units who wish to honor the candidate must be authorized by the village and private individuals are not allowed. u Sam Village Panaliar and if found, the village will punish according to the rules and regulations of the village.
Rambrai MLA KP Pangiang and Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basiawmoit also attended the meeting.
About 75 percent of the voters turned out to elect new leaders in 59 constituencies of the state today, except Sohiong.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, after unfurling the tricolor flag, also received the National Salute of the 22 groups that took part in the March Past including the Assam Rifles, BSF, CRPF and East Khasi Hills. DEF, 1st MLP Bn, SF10, NCC, Bharat Scouts and Guides, St.Edmund's Higher Secondary School, St.Mary's Higher Secondary School, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Nongrah Presbyterian Secondary School, Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawngap District Christian Multipurpose Seven Set Higher Secondary School, Meghalaya Police Public School, Assam Rifles Public School cavalry team and Border brass band Wing Home Guards.
To provide assistance to journalists who are facing difficulties for some reason.
The 'Sur ki Nong Mawlai' has given 10 days to the government to remove the police from those who have many stars to those who have no stars and those involved in the shooting death of the Ex.General Secretary of the HNLC in Mawlai. so that the Inquiry shall be clean and free from corruption.
He said that the gates will be opened for the farmers to come and go to their farms.
The Jew God, who is full of wrath against the unbelievers, against the disobedient, will not change even now, but against the unbelievers, the wrath will be upon them.
According to the State Sports Council (SSC), 10 stadiums have been improved and some have been improved including three stadiums in East Khasi Hills. Polo Ground N-1 T.15 lakh, St Gabriel School Sports Ground in Nongkseh T.12 lakh, and improvement of Umpling Ground T.15 lakh.
Shillong: As the days go by, it has been witnessed that the theft of two wheelers has increased in Shillong.
However, when we say the country and the nation, it does not mean only these, it includes all the rich, the poor, the rich, the foolish.
Shillong: The five deaths from covid-19 in Shillong today are Solomon Pyngrope, 45, of Umpling, Anderson War, 60, of Nongrim, East Khasi Hills. Isara Pala, 69, of Mihmyntdu, Dralin Mawthoh, 52, of Laitkor, died at home after being discharged from hospital. Alan Kharjana, 52, of Mawlai Mawroh, Binoria Dympep, 33, of Lumdngan, Umroi, Ri Bhoi, Steven Syiemlieh, 92, of Mairang. , West Khasi Hills.
“The salaries of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) teachers have been increased from Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers since 2013 and the distribution of free textbooks from the SSA has been distributed to more than 7 lakh students. the right to education,” said the Minister of Education.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Warsanlyngdoh Circle South West Khasi Hills District together with the residents of this area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's delay in calling the tender for the road from Pyndenumjaraiñ to Mawphanrang. KSU Warsanlyngdoh Circle under the leadership of Bah Donbor Marshra, President of KSU Warsanlyngdoh Circle in the presence of Bah Onder Marthong, Elder of Pyndenumjaraiñ Village and members of KSU. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donbor Marshara said that in fact this road has been implemented since 2017-18 under the PMGSY scheme but we don't know why the construction has been delayed. this is the road.
The President of the JNC, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, while confirming the new office bearers, said that this area has produced a great man and leader of the state, Prof. Barrister Pakem who is the first Vice Chancellor from Khasi and Jaintia in the university. NEHU, and was also the leading leader of the Jaintia Alphabet Society in
He said that the State Government is aware of various demands such as the budget rules in the State Budget, the reform and salary increase, the merger of SSA teachers from SEMAM to the education department, the filling of vacancies of SSAs, the transfer of salaries to the accounts and the confirmation of employment of SSA teachers. India will contribute T.305.84 crore and the State Government will contribute T.30.19 crore.
She said that during the time when the government was in power, special revenue was collected but this was by consensus.
The wearing of masks is mandatory for all in public places, meetings and markets.
Or that the public should use the land while the workers have to stay in the homes of the people.
When you are in the midst of prosperity, when you are in the midst of prosperity, when you are in the midst of wealth, when you are in the midst of wealth, when you are in the midst of strength and when you are in the midst of joy.
The union also requests the President and Secretary of the SPUUKS to take the necessary action in this regard.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Ransom Sutnga, President of Mawkhar SC in the presence of Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
The number of cases of Covid-19 in Delhi has risen to 66,000 with 3,947 new cases and the death toll rising to 2,3
Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) Commissioner Shafiqul Islam said nine people were killed in the blast.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, said that 8504 samples have been sent for testing, 8094 samples have been negative and 8094 samples have been sent for testing. Twenty-seven cases have been confirmed, one has died, 12 have recovered and 15 are still infected.
“Other states should follow suit from Meghalaya,” he said while telling the people about the works that his government has done for the benefit of the people.
The Trinamool Congress TMC East Khasi Hills District Unit has expressed its surprise at the statement by Bah Lakmen Rymbui, who holds the Ministry of Home Affairs of the MDA Government, that he has no knowledge of the drug trafficking and other illegal activities. The alcohol abuse of the youth shows that such a Minister has no responsibility to the society and the State.
In the past two months, the sky has been very hot and surprising to all the residents, especially the farmers because it is the time to farm.
Keshari is a senior leader of the BJP in Uttar Pradesh, formerly the Speaker of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly and the President of the BJP in the state.
Nongpoh: With the aim of bringing about the welfare of the villages and how to cooperate with the party, many women from different villages of Byrnihat area, on Saturday, went to The RBYF Women Wings Byrnihat Circle has established a new working group for women known as the RBYF Women Wings Byrnihat Circle.
In North Garo Hills, there is one high risk case and in South Garo Hills, there is one high risk case.
Shillong: As a precautionary measure to protect the state from the spread of Covid-19, the State Government has imposed a curfew across the state.
When asked about the number of people who have crossed the border to Lapangap, he said the Regional Committee will look into this.
Therefore, the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) urges all consumers of LPG to follow the necessary guidelines to ensure the safety of their families as well as their families. who surrounded all.
She said that the children used to play many games and tell each other stories through playing together but in this age there is no closeness and the youth have lost all these things that the children used to do. they always play.
We have to eradicate the stigma that affects girls in society,” he said.
Pastor Jones, who now lives in Umlyngka, said he was born in 1930 and started going to school when he was 13 years old.
Jowai, June 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit on the night of the 28th of this month visited the CHC Ummulong at midnight, after receiving a complaint from a woman that the CHC does not accept them. The child of the mother was taken to the government hospital.
To further boost air connectivity, up to Rs 2,000 crore will be invested in air services in the North East.
He also congratulated the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and the Chief Secretary for leading the Regional Committee in Jaintia Hills. talk about limiting.
Furthermore, the KSU and the Union demanded that the Meghalaya government should take action on this issue and demanded that the Meghalaya Police should conduct an investigation into the incident. The Assam Police, as the area is still under the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, the Assam Police should have the authority to do anything with the knowledge of the Assam Police. Meghalaya and Assam Police have arrested these youths without any truth, said the leaders of the Union and KSU. The KSU North Khasi Hills District has demanded that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action on the arrest of these youths and should conduct an investigation by the Meghalaya Police. The Assam Police, because of this incident, most of the time, if there is any incident, the victims are the Khasi people and the Assam Police from time to time have committed violence against the Khasi. said KSU leader Ferdinand Kharkamni.
They also demanded that the University should extend the dates for the payment of bi semester and examination fees of the students and also to forgive the semester and examination fees, if any of the students come from abroad. families in poverty and face difficulties in paying tuition fees.
All of us, whether in the Opposition or in the Government, have our own responsibilities in serving and contributing to the people”.
On the other hand, he also requested the Election Commission to suspend the polling at the polling station.
This came after the player won a draw against Veronika Kudermetova.
He said that the Director of Infiltration, Bah O Pasi, said that the reason for the delay in the work of the Infiltration Department is that although it is a directorate, there is a shortage of staff. The Infiltration Department in which the police in charge of the state have to work together in the infiltration department has brought about a burden on their work and delays in these areas.
After the meeting, the office bearers of the INC Mawkyrwat Block were elected as President, Kyntiew Nongsiej as Vice President and Andreas Kharkongor as General Secretary. , Chief Organizer, Valentine Thyrniang and other senior office bearers.
The union said that the condition of the roads in Jaintia Hills is like putting the people in trouble and injuries.
In a statement, the newly appointed Power Minister, Prestone Tynsong, has suspended Satnam Global Infra Pvt Ltd. smart meters.
“These accused have tried to destroy the evidence.
Bah Bunya has also played for Royal Wahingdoh FC in the I.League and has also coached small clubs in the city which have participated in many similar tournaments. The tournament was organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
The question is, why did the people come out to accept the Hill State when the Prime Minister came to declare only the Autonomous State and also, why did the people come out to celebrate the ILP when the The State Government has decided to request the Central Government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
“We are currently in the process of recruiting police officers at various levels with more than 1,000 vacant posts.
The District Council should send all the people who give the Lyngdoh and Syiem clans to their original clan because in this present generation many people who still know their clan, If this is not done, the time will come when the people of the Kur Long Lyngdoh and Kur Long Syiem will no longer know their tribe and then this inheritance will be known, and the counting of tribes. the count of our nation shall be in danger.
This bridge has not only destroyed but also destroyed the appearance of Motphran which has lost its beauty and the fires can no longer support it.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Friday said that the people who have been accused of violating the protocol are unemployed and unemployed. people who do not understand the role of the Chief Minister in the state.
The French, being the conquerors of the world and also the rulers of the kingdom, initially used a friendly tactic when they asked Tirot Singh for permission to build a road through his kingdom.
However, if we look back to the past, the events in the past testify to this.
We also urged the shopkeepers not to play chess if they do not comply with the orders issued by the state government the law enforcement authorities will take action against them but what makes me sad is that when we left and only after a few hours there were The people who told me that there are shops that sell me in forty or forty ways without even saying that I am a men lorni.
He said India has always been an old, strong and well-functioning democracy.
The Prime Minister, (who has addressed all the subjects of his ministers) in the past few days, has announced that the farmers are allowed to sell their produce in the market; However, after the issuance of this order, it was found (by the farmers), that this is only a word of release, because until now, they have not been able to start their own work and the reason is that they cannot sell their goods to buyers in Shillong and elsewhere.
“We have received information that in the northeast of the country there are oil fields.
Soolangki Laloo June 14, 2020 The Raij Jwai is one of the annual offerings to the Blei Shnong Blei Raij known as the Soodwar Sooluti and Tawiar Takan. The ceremony was held on 14th June under the supervision of the Doloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot and Wasan.
The leaders who appear to be likely to take over the seat are AL Hek, David Kharsati and three others whom the source did not want to disclose.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday suspended the implementation of the decision of the Meghalaya Lokayukta to chargesheet 10 former MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
He said that the MDA Government has also stolen the rights of mothers by canceling the scheme which the MUA Government used to support them. steal their rights.
In the speech of T.Bn.
Public School beat Demthring Presbyterian SS 1-0, Nartiang Presbyterian HSS beat Police Public SS 3-0
The threat from the sheep in sheep's clothing of today's materialistic age is something we should not take for granted.
As far as I can remember, there were two MLAs who came to see this strange incident at Mawkdok, and they were Bah Hover Hynniewta and Bah Holingstone Lyngdoh (deceased).
The BJP is not with the AIADMK and that will be discussed during the elections.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Assistant Secretary of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah Paia B Synrem, said that last year, they had lost sleep due to the inability to hold the shad ainguh. in the 19th century since its inception in 1911 at Weiking Square.
For more than 72 years, these ADCs have been in existence in Meghalaya and have fulfilled their duty to protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia people in terms of laws.
So they called the Doh and the wild Jhur.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday confirmed that the State Government will take measures to ensure the safety of the Pung Umiam Bridge.
“The Aspirational District program has changed the lives of about 25 crore people in 112 districts,” he said.
In this way, the time of the great tribulation and the time of Satan the Beast's 1290 days of rule over this world will end.
The news came a few days after Israel withdrew its troops from western Gaza from the Khan Yunis area, where Gazans had gone to enter and residents in those villages that have been destroyed by Israeli bombs and shells in the hope that Israel will stop the war completely this time.
We see many things.
There is also a song from schools, colleges, places of worship and even at Puja.
Shillong: There have been 57 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
Pala, who is also the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, urged the Prime Minister to take action for the sake of the rights and customs of the indigenous people by ensuring that the UCC will There is no mention of the way of life and the customs that they have followed from ancient times until now.
Heaven cannot give a place to the wicked and does not accept those who do evil, and those evil deeds the Pastor said, that they are corruption, drunkenness, greed and Even the church leaders, the Pastor, have strongly warned them that they will not have a place in Heaven if they continue to destroy the church to scatter the sheep whom they should shepherd. from First Corinthians 6:9 and
In a sudden conversation, Bah Daios said that Hoping turned to him and said, “Will you hold elections?”, “This statement of Maieid has shocked me, I don't know how to vote. “If you fight me, I will do it,” he said.
He said that the first task is the road, although many other issues will be addressed after the needs have been met as they are too many.
Others who attended the meeting included Sutnga MDC Narwan Seibor Shadap, former JHADC MDC Joirinwel Pyrtuh, Thomas Nongtdu and other leaders from the NPP offices in East Jaintia Hills.
In the 25th minute, Wahiajer scored the first goal through Niwan and Gatphoh.
However, the government is still preparing a Task Force to resolve the issue permanently and therefore the case has not been filed until a clear answer is received.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Eastern Region has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District regarding the deterioration of the NH 6 from Tuber Shohshrieh to Malidor.
East Garo Hills Police on Thursday raised a strong suspicion that a 38-year-old man has been murdered after his body was found by residents near Samanda Megapgre village. under the jurisdiction of Williamnagar Police Station.
On the other hand, the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board said that they will not stop working from today as they have not received their salaries for nine months.
Ryntih SC has returned to fourth place in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 by beating Nangkiew Irat SC 3-1 in the first leg of the 2023-24 season at the SSA Stadium, Polo. June 10th.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MCSW) on Tuesday said that it has sought a report from the Laban Police Station on the injury of Suresh Singh to his wife. Poonam Singh's wife on March 31, 2023 at her residence in Laban, who sustained serious injuries and is undergoing treatment at the hospital.
On the other hand, the match was equal between the two teams in which RUFC did not give up after a goal from the opposite side.
The penalty shootout came after the two teams had the same goal difference after beating Manipur 6-0 in the last match. .
The 40-year-old man was found dead in a shyiap field while praying and covering himself. which is usually the Muslim way of prayer.
When the truth flees away, deception, deception, will dance and rejoice in the hearts of the people and there it will bring about a chaotic, unstable, and many forty kinds of evils in society, which will undermine the welfare of the community, the country and the nation.
According to an emergency meeting of the members of various Units and Circles of South West Khasi Hills District today, 19th November, 2022, the FKJGP has decided whether to participate in the FKJGP. FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District will no longer recognize the FKJGP and its relationship will end from now on since the release of this statement. you cannot give an explanation.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: The drivers of the Ri Bhoi Tourist Maxi Cab (RBMTMCA) have done a good example for others. clean up the Bhoirymbong Market, as it has been covered with garbage and garbage around the market.
He also asked why the certificate office at the Municipal Office was open until 11:30 pm on the 27th of June. In this regard, the employees have been asked to explain why they are open for so long and they will be punished.
Also present on the occasion were the tyngshops and purons, Synranki Najiar and Darhun Marbaniang, who had the opportunity to exchange ideas with the students of the College.
The film is produced and directed by Bah Shemphang Tynsong from Pynursla together with his team Ringdur Entertainment.
A Non FIR case was registered against Laitumkhrah Traffic Branch and was taken to the Court of L.Kharshiing, Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong Court. U/S 185 M.V.Act for driving under the influence of alcohol.
The ADM of Khliehriat, UC Laloo, said that there was no order issued by the district authorities to shoot people. take the opportunity to disperse the crowd, with a sword, or with a lathi bomb, and so on.
More than 200 cows were seized from Pynursla area and two persons were arrested.
The High Court currently has two judges, Justice T. Nandakumar Singh who has accepted the post of Acting Chief Justice and another Justice Sudip Ranjan Sen.
Six people from Telangana have died and these were from the ceremony.
Dr. M. Mawrie, District Medical Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District, said that on receiving the information, he immediately sent doctors to the hospital. village, for providing medical facilities and conducting investigation.
In the past few days, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, have called for the repeal of the Act. However, the announcement by the Minister of Revenue today has caused a lot of concern.
The PMEGP is a scheme of the Central Government and the beneficiaries will receive a subsidy of up to 35% of the project cost and the assistance will come through the DCIC. to benefit and be able to stand on their own feet.
Today, Rangdajied United FC will face Langsning FC for the last place in the semi final.
Meghalaya has failed to implement the Meghalaya Police Act, which has the lowest rank in the country in the recruitment of women police officers. 2011.
More information can be found on the website About ICMR: The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), New Delhi, is the highest medical institution in India. It is also one of the oldest offices in the world to ensure the smooth running and improvement of health research and development.
Schools run by the Catholic Church, whether in Meghalaya or in other states of India, are closed.
The NHAI has banned traffic on the By Pass Road in Sohiong and has ordered all vehicles to leave the Sohiong Road.
“Sangma recalled that the Congress-led government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister introduced the MRSSA in
The eight participants include Lakhrehlang Ksiar from Nongtynur, Pynursla who could not walk but was left from the village to Shillong, Damira Riahtam from Kongthong Khadar village. Tiralang Rapsang of Nongbsap, Sohiong, Shillong, Kdiap Kharkhrang of Nongmadan Nongur, Sohiong, Beril Marwein of Masjied Residence, Laban, Shillong, Iohphinia Nongkhlaw of Madanrting, Shillong. , Miltibon Kharkongor of Mylliem Mawwan and Banrilang Lyngdoh of Myrdon, Umsning.
Rangdajied United FC beat Ryntih SC 1-0 in the first leg of the Under-40 Championship on 25th July. The '40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022' was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
Your Epic vote is not xeroxed b.
The construction of the road in the morning and afternoon is not appropriate, as the road is a National Highway which connects Meghalaya with other states like Mizoram, Tripura, without forgetting that it connects Lamare said in a letter to other districts of the state.
Khliehriat, Naitung 18: Two major bridges in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District have been damaged and destroyed by natural disasters during the year The residents of the border areas said that they are facing many difficulties in coming and going, one near Shymplong village and the other near Lahaleiñ. especially when you get sick.
Perhaps only time will tell.
Acknowledging that other offices also need to be built, the Minister said the government will build the DC's office first and other requirements will be done later.
He reminded of the demand for a state in various parts of the country including Garoland.
Nongpoh, June 05: U Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh Constituency together with a group of Congress leaders today left the Congress party to join the UDP party in preparation for the upcoming elections. 2023, as they have seen that the Congress party does not have the strength and does not have the space to revive and will not be able to form a government in the state.
The CEM said that although the KHADC is happy to move forward with the work, they want to discuss it first because there are some important issues that need to be discussed.
Jowai: As usual in the MLA election 2018, Panaliar Village, Jowai, has decided to implement the village rules for the betterment, peace and order. the cleanliness of the city.
We should also investigate not only their thinking as an organization but where and how they get the money or funds to carry out their activities.
She also warned that the BJP is a threat to the people of Meghalaya, pointing out the attacks on churches in different parts of India, the bombings of innocent people on the charge of food. “The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India which protects the minorities of Meghalaya also has in the midst of danger.
At the same time, he said that if speed breakers are installed, the two wheelers will turn around and the vehicles will damage their vehicles, but when they reach the speed breaker, they will have to stop. be quick to escape from danger.
They arrived at Khohramhah at 9:30 pm.
Kaisar Dohling, Ex-NYV, Laitkroh Block, Khatarshnong, also gave a speech on the special programs of the NYKs.
Ed and those who have passed the NIOS examination will be able to provide training and services to the students in such times.
When this Act was passed, there were no rules, which said that you need to do this especially Meghalaya is the gateway.
However, it cannot be said that society has grown in terms of education, health care and other development activities through Christian religious groups, which means that civilization has came through the Christian faith.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: To preserve the fish and dohum species in the rivers and also to preserve the customs and traditions of the Raid Ïapngar in Ri Bhoi, the Union of Raid Ïapngar Youth Associations together with the Young Minds from Ri Bhoi on Saturday went to release Dohkha seeds at Wah Umtung on the border of Raid Ïapngar in Ri Bhoi.
All those arrested have been under police custody for nine days.
In a few days, the struggle, the preaching, the self-righteousness will end.
“I have a strong confidence that I will win the election again because I have worked hard for five years across the villages and the people have already reviewed the work done by Bah HDR Lyngdoh in These 25 years I have worked only in these 5 years have brought about change in the entire constituency,” said Bah Samlin.
The FFT has also inspected the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project (MLHEP).
He said that the share given by the UPA government to the North East has been cut by the NDA government. they don't believe in religion, and they don't believe in anything to bring about prosperity.
“The allegation that the Board accepts only books written by non-Khasis is not true but the reason is that whenever a tender is called to apply for writers to select textbooks, there are no Khasi who submit tenders, except for the Khasi subject,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Suman Haripriya also admitted that cow dung and cow dung protect against cancer.
The FKJGP also condemns the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat for listening to the demand of the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai to fight against the import of waste from outside the state.
He said that Meghalaya is blessed with wildlife but until now it has not been able to move forward on a well-developed path and in science.
We request you to take action yourself and to give instructions to all the relevant authorities responsible for the security of the people of this country and to all the Commissions such as the Human Rights Commission and others. “The Commission for the Protection of Women and Children of the Central and State Governments should take a Suo Motu on all illegal activities and incidents in Manipur,” he said.
This is the sign for Israel, Jesus said – When you see these things,
Anis said about 600 to 700 people were inside the church when the bomb was detonated by two Taliban militants.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: U Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut Constituency on Tuesday inaugurated the new building of St. Thomas Secondary School Nongjri. He has received assistance through the NEC scheme in the amount of T.50,00000/- (Fifty lakh).
It was also witnessed that Bah Bindo Lanong, one of the oldest members of the UDP and who has been involved in the formation of the UDP in the past years, was not present at the meeting.
The author doesn't want to mention these here, you already know and until the distribution of leaves, you will see that prophecy has come true, other parties get portfolios only small departments.
On the part of the HYC Sohiong Circle, after requesting information through RTI from the Executive Committee of KHADC, we have found that there are 5 types of discrimination which we have found to be against the Khasi customs and traditions. also the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom and Lineage) Act
The old MCCL factory has stopped operating for nearly 10 years now and the installation of new permits at the new factory is still in progress.
There will be a curfew on the entire border of Mawlai Nongkwar and no vehicles will be allowed to travel on the village roads during the cleaning except for garbage trucks.
For those who do not believe that Jesus is God, their Savior and Redeemer, Christmas or his birthday has no meaning.
Speaking on the occasion, he encouraged all the participants to give their best, whatever their talents related to sports.
But this is what the Apostle prophesied: “He will pour out his Spirit on all flesh” (Acts 2:14-16).
Nongstoiñ, June 13: The WKSU Nongstoin Circle led by Vice President Badjuban Hoojon together with members of the WKSU Nongstoin Circle, have met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, to seek clarification on the delay in the release of the prisoners. bills of those who work during elections.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Gabriel said that his main issue in this election is that many young people who are interested in the future of the country. He said that he as a leader will try to pave the way for their future and he cannot promise to provide jobs to all, but he will guide them in the way they should go so that they can reach the goal of their future.
Gas burners do not have to pay for a cooking gas tank or pay a loan to fill it for the first time in six payments for a 14.2 kilo tank.
Nongstoiñ, March 27: In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point where they are not good. shisha doesn't drive a car.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Rosette Mary Kurbah, said that she has appointed a magistrate-led inquiry into the incident.
In Mawphlang, 29484 voters cast their ballots and 25859 voters cast their ballots which is 87.71%.
The construction of the railway will provide employment to thousands of youth in this sector among others,” said Gohain.
East Garo Hills has 9 new cases, East Jaintia Hills has 26 cases, including 5 cases of ILI and 17 cases of high risk contact.
“On the day he (CM) first took office, I met him personally and discussed with him the Reservation Policy and Roster System,” he said.
However, when many are lost, the responsibility belongs to MUDA. There are about 4 owners of new red buses and about 7 owners of old red buses operating in Shillong. Three persons who owned new red buses operating outside Shillong.
The Minister said that 84.33 per cent of the residents of Meghalaya have their own outlets and toilets.
Corruption in the relief efforts has been rampant and while villages and townships are still being destroyed and people are still losing their lives, some people are taking advantage of the situation. and lum spah from the ground to the ground.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that it is not safe to go home after 10 pm. Shillong, due to the presence of robbers and for this reason, it has not been able to enforce Section 144 Cr.
When police investigated into the incident, the SP said that Bankerlang had confessed that he had come with two other members, Peter Lawai, who had fled.
“The duties of legislators in such times of crisis are even more difficult and working together has helped us to resolve the issues arising from the Covid-19 pandemic,” Birla said.
Lynga u painted that you were not happy, If you were sure that you would be happy.
Earlier, former CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the EC has launched an inquiry because they have doubts about the spending of funds for the project.
It was also witnessed that Bah Kyrmen Shylla President UDP Youth Wing who is also the Minister of State used to speak in English although all those who attended the meeting were Khasi.
[continued]All women love and enjoy jewelry because it shows the sign of femininity and also shows the status in society.
Shillong: After several years, the Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF) held a meeting at PCI Hall, Central Ward Shillong on Monday, November 30,
Secy (8794178094).
He also urged the government to set up agricultural markets in Lad Smit, Upper Shillong and Mawiong to make it easier for the farmers to transport their agricultural products. to be exploited only in the market and to be taken advantage of by the merchants and khar-kaia who are the buyers of agricultural products.
The JSU has requested 10 days to deliver an ambulance to Amlarem Sub-Division, but the JSU has understood that it will not have to take the necessary measures.
There will be no closure of all vehicles on the Shillong-Jowai Road at Barik Point and Fire Brigade from 12.00 am to 3.30 pm (until the procession passes through the Fire Brigade Point).
Shillong, July 11: Former GHADC MDC from Balachanda Sofior Rahman on Friday invited PHE Minister Marcuise N. Marak to inspect all the schemes implemented under the Jal. Jeevan Mission (JJM) in the northern part of West Garo Hills.
The HNYF Pynursla Unit also demands that the company should immediately suspend the work, while the company has not been able to remove the Dkhars involved in the robbery of the members of the HNYF. Without removing these Dkhars involved in this attack, the party will not be responsible if anything happens.
ALIMCO's initiatives for the use of technology include a state-of-the-art Prosthetic & Orthotic Centre; improvement of design – 3D modeling and analysis software; Computer Added Design (CAD) & Computer Added Manufacturing (CAM) including 3D Printing; Use of CNC Sliding Head Machine & CNC Turn Mill Machine; Spectro Analyzer – For accuracy in metal detection; New parts such as reverse drive & disc brake on battery-powered motorized tricycles; and the development of active wheel chairs that can be collapsed and wheel chairs that can walk on poor road surfaces.
Sonam Kapoor has been able to attract people and is a symbol of human goodness, and this video shows the benefits of Aloe Vera and the environment. has truly reflected the trends of India’s youth, and consumers.
The Lyngwiar was chaired by Bah Basan Nongkynrih and other members.
She advised him that when he meets a friend who is not in a relationship, he doesn't have to wait long to prepare quickly if he wants to write.
Remember, our fellow Khasi, we have stood together to get our own state.
Other candidates who completed the filing of nomination papers include NPP candidate Kimfa S Marbaning, independent candidate RG Momin and INC candidate Goldenstar Nonglong from Rambrai Jyrngam. constituency.
Adjourn – The session of the Legislative Assembly shall not be adjourned until the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has called it again.
Ms Chiarmon has helped 58 households in the village.
I can't remember the agency whether it's IBM or CMPDI-but one of these agencies after confirming that their acquisition has been approved, the mining plan they submitted will be released with me expect that in a few months or months, we will see the works starting,” he said.
“The VAB was passed in 2015 and went to the government which was sent to the Governor for approval but the Governor rejected the rules and on this, the Committee of KHADC has sent after looking at them. parts since 2016 but this is still pending,” said Bah Bindo.
Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, said that the village has already prepared to receive such youths from the village and those who have stayed in other states. They have already prepared their accommodation for them to complete the quarantine according to the order they have received, whether it is 14 days or 28 days.
The union also said that there are still many people especially drivers who do not understand the new driving rules and this will put pressure on the school children during the school holidays due to the overcrowding. from this new management system.
Roy assaulted his wife on Tuesday night, but the woman, who was seriously injured, managed to escape from the house after being shot by her husband.
She lodged a complaint with the Secretary Shnong and the Secretary took the complaint to the EC Shnong. She said that not a single member of the EC has accepted this because this has been done by the authorities. The Waheh Shnong and the Dealer of the rice did not attend the meeting. In fact, Linda said that the committee should not be formed.
Shillong: The 1st Kiang Nangbah Memorial Open Rapid Chess Championship will be held on November 29, 2018 at 9:30 pm at Lama Villa Community Hall, Shillong.
Let us think about which candidate and which political party needs to go to Delhi.
On the other hand, the Adcovate urged the Head of State to take the necessary action according to the statement of the Union Minister, to close down one of these toll gates. in Jaintia Hills District within 3 months.
He said that many of the electricity projects that the government has awarded to companies but they still don't know how they have been.
Hundreds of ASHA workers flocked as they took part in the march, which turned into a procession at Malki Square.
Only from the Chorus it is understood that it is a prayer song to ask God to have mercy on the Khasi so that life will be peaceful and harmonious for the Khasi.
God placed them both in the garden of Eden, where there was only peace and righteousness.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: U Bah Sajay Laloo, said that it is surprising how the Sordar visited the site to hold the Synod when he was suspended from the KHADC. The Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya, in his complaint against the failure of the State Government, to implement the order of the National Green Tribunal, issued on 10th June
Speaking to media, Khrawbok Snaitang, President of the HNYF, South West Khasi Hills District, together with the members of the HNYF, said that after the Government of India announced that it has not found any, the plan has been cancelled. to mine uranium in Meghalaya.
Man has been delivered from the hands of Satan by the wonderful blood of Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
The KSU has decided to take the protest against the failure of the State Government to complete the project to improve the 40 kilometer Weiloi-Rangblang road after the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma sent a letter to the state government. letter to the Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) to remove the donation from the NLCPR.
Earlier, Prestone said that during their election campaign in Sohiong, the purpose of the election campaign was to explain the policies and actions of the government for the people and not to point fingers at each other.
When visiting the school and talking to the students of the school, they said that they have suffered from the lack of drinking water. , which include outdoor areas, bathrooms and others.
Through concrete steps, both groups are determined to promote informed behavior and active participation in electoral processes.
Shillong, July 05 : The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to introduce cable cars similar to those in Switzerland. The beauty of nature in Shillong.
The KHNAM leader said that in Khyndailad alone, they have seized hundreds of vehicles and hundreds of drivers without permits, but there is not a single vehicle. Labor License, Work Permit, Trading License or other documents required to be obtained from the District Council.
“The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which should provide health services to the people, is also sick,” said Bah Ronie. meeting today.
Two brothers have died after being electrocuted in Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 17: Thirty-five years ago, on July 17, 1987, during the height of the protest, a youth was shot dead by the CRP in Motphran. This is Samla Biswal Paul Makri, Volunteer of KSU. In memory of his bravery and selflessness, Samla Biswal Paul Makri, KSU Western Border Area together with members of KSU Umrit Unit, The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has visited Umrit today to meet and console the family members of (L) Paul B Makri.
If a person fights against the laws and regulations, it means that he is violating his freedom which is his right.
The four teams that played in the tournament were PRF Football Academy, Onside Sports, Lumparing SC and Nongkolew SC. PFR Football Academy won 1-0 against Onside Sports. In the first match of Group A, Lumparing SC and Nongkolew SC have scored 10 points each.
He said that the current discussion on Majai is only for the infiltration of foreigners but there has been no discussion to change the Elaka and to separate from the Hima Sohra. He will strongly oppose because Majai itself has been part of Sohra since the time of the British Government by replacing Saitsohpen.
“They were arrested on the evening of October 20 based on a report and information received in the past few days.
“Consultation is needed with the people before doing anything,” he added.
When asked about the government's intention to hold another meeting of all the parties in the state or to convene a dorbar to take their views, Prestone said, “There is no need for an invitation to to hold an ingdorbar or to convene a meeting of all the MLAs from all the parties as the decision will be up to the Chief Ministers of the state”.
When asked, he said that the people who came to accompany him was because of their love and affection.
Speaking to reporters, Sushri Uma Bharati said that the suggestions for the revival of the Board will be taken from the suggestions of the states of the North Eastern Region of India. which is required in this area.
The KHADC has 30 members, and when 17 MDCs stood up to support the no-confidence motion, it is clear that the EC is in short supply.
In 2018, we had an alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP and with one voice we called for cooperation and we wanted to form a national government without national parties, but I lost.
Shillong: Due to the lockdown, farmers in the state have suffered a lot, due to the lack of adequate market for their sales.
DIRFWA has also requested all the farmers in the Umngot River not to use drugs or jars in the Umngot River.
He said that as members and supporters of the party, what is needed is that everyone should work hard with a spirit of love and compassion, to preach and invite others to bring the name and glory of the Congress. in Nongstoin.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) today demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma should cancel the proposal to dam the Umngot River for the Umngot Hydro Electric Project.
He said that in any part or region of India or the world, without politics we cannot move forward if there is a really good intention and to develop the region. Without being involved in politics or politics, we cannot stand or play chess on the path to achieve our goals as a young man and for this reason he has taken the decision to stand, to play chess. The UDP is a national party and the largest national party in Meghalaya.
The Synod Sepngi Youth Service started on the 24th of this month and ended on the Lord's Day. night.
“Shuh I'll leave, you've heard that she's sitting,” said Kong Rep and got up to leave.
and passed away on 4 March
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Nalin Kohli, General Secretary of the BJP, today visited Phulbari, where a public meeting was held with the participation of 40,000 people. The meeting was addressed by the leader of the party and conducted by Binoy Kr.
He said the NPP will not contest against the VPP but against the UDP, Congress and BJP in the upcoming elections.
“He used to touch your feet from time to time and say, 'Your feet are swollen and you ask for meat,' which is very painful as a principal to do this,” said a teacher who left the school. you are from this school.
If the government sets rules against employment of such children, it should also provide special assistance for them and ensure that they do not live illegally on the streets.
When we compared the trucks with HITO, we found that they carried 60 tonnes or 34 tonnes of coal.
It will also be a time of great apostasy for people around the world.
It led to a show of force.
John said that they have already released a book of not less than 500 pages which they can read free of charge through mobile phones from the internet. He said that this book may shed light on the boundaries of the Khasi Hills and may help in resolving the boundaries. The First Scheduled of the Constitution of the country which mentions the State of Assam has a section where it is written about the Khasi State.
HNYF Northern Region under the leadership of Assistant Secretary, Bah Donroy Kshiar, and in the presence of Bah Shiningstar Suting, President Bah Shiningstar Suting, Secretary Bah Vincent Sylliang, Secretary HNYF Arphew-mer circle, Bah Paul Wahlang Member of HNYF Northern Region and Bah Precious Manner Member of HNYF Umling Unit today met with the SDO and EE of the department to discuss the issue. impact the public.
The Inter-Ministerial Central Team (IMCT) has been appointed to assess the damage caused by the sudden floods.
When asked how they will fight against the power of money, Bah Ardent said that the VPP will not have any difficulty in fighting without money because “we have a plan how to contest elections. without pouring money," he said.
He said that the influx of people to the border of Meghalaya and Assam in the Bhoi area is very high.
Shillong: U Bah BM Lanong, Chief Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that looking at the political situation in the state, from now on, it will not be possible to have a single government. you party.
A Border Security Force (BSF) jawan was injured after smugglers pelted stones at the patrolling team in South Garo Hills district.
“Most of those who come to Meghalaya are from abroad than from this country,” he said.
On this occasion, the youths also collected donations from their fellow youths, with the intention of supporting the election campaign of Nehemaya Tyngkan.
for the Lord will plead their cause, and spare the souls of them that spoil them".
They also asked why the Meghalaya government is silent on the Assam government's visit to the SSA school in Khlieh Umwang. There is no border crossing but it is Assam that comes to mushlia and cross the border from time to time.
Exodus 14:21-24.
Scy C.Khardewsaw and Bah W. Lyngdoh Sangriang, Lyngdoh of the Lyngdoh Sangriang Kur, said that the MoRTH department will hold a meeting tomorrow on the 15th of November to discuss the transfer of the Wahkaji project to others. other places due to delay in obtaining NOC in Wahkaji.
The 150 LPM Oxygen Plant in Jowai and the 300 LPM Oxygen Plant for Khliehriat will be completed soon within the next 10 days.
Riata Lytan scored 37 runs while Puraki Shadap Passah scored 15 not out.
This was done after receiving information that there will be groups carrying iong flags which could lead to riots in the district.
After the meeting, a planting ceremony was held at the District & Session Judge's Office, Mawkyrwat in the presence of all those who attended the meeting.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of the JSM, Ma Deijuhhi Siangshai.
Larisa Mary Lakadong, IEC Specialist SBM Urban Affairs Department, Shillong, who explained and gave examples of what Waste Recovery has done and how it has overcome the waste. .
“We have to wait for the confirmation from Amit Shah, but we expect to meet with him in October, if not on the 15th maybe we can meet on the 18th. “It's up to the Minister of Home Affairs and on what date he likes us to meet,” said Conrad.
Shillong: The VDP of Krang Lumpyrdoi Lumdewiong, under the leadership of Krosilien Mawlong, has seized 50 liters of kyiad during a night raid in Lumdewiong village.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai at a public meeting and party meeting held in Jowai, Khliehriat, Dawki, Amlarem, Pynursla and Mairang has expressed his deep sorrow over the lack of development works. in these regions.
Shangpung Moosyiem beat Dulong 2-1 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
Meghalaya beat Mizoram by six wickets in the semifinal plate group match of Mangaldai, Assam on Tuesday morning after needing only 28 runs to win.
According to Bah Hadrian, the appearance of the market is not beautiful because it is dirty and full of garbage and it needs to be cleaned and beautified properly.
Rana died in the shooting of puilts, while his aides escaped from the scene.
From Yung to Raij, the preparations were made quickly. The Kni and Pa Kam Niam were the ministers.
There are 52 children in need of special assistance, 41 from Mawkyrwat Block and 11 from Ranikor Block. Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar who is also the Minister of State in the presence of parents of children in need of special assistance and government employees of the Block Mission Coordinator Officer. and others.
Shillong: The residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar at Nongmensong on Thursday morning, was attacked by unidentified robbers.
The surprise of the fire was that as soon as the fire was set, from the front of the hole; The fire began to spread rapidly and then the smoke spread quickly to the place where the body was and then rose straight to the hole where the atoskhana was, which was about 40 feet high; According to Ma Loi Chyrmang, who is a mystery, who built this temple in Rangthylliang.
Furthermore, the Union of Coal Traders of Shallang Area regarding the overcharging of money according to the order, the Union said that it is looking for ways and means to eliminate these. and will also meet with the authorities and the relevant authorities to take action.
The union has strongly warned that if the Meghalaya government does not take immediate action on this issue, the union will not hesitate to take stronger measures.
Shanbor's career in boxing has been going on for 13 years since 2010, but until now he has not given up because his dream is to win the title or belt so that he can win the title. it is for the benefit of him that he shall prosper in the work of righteousness.
Another demand of the Pyniaid is that the CEM should select some MDCs and officers to meet with the Home Ministry Affairs officials in Delhi to discuss the issue. proposal to amend the 6th Schedule.
Pa'iem Kynsai said that there are 21 non-Khasi villages under the jurisdiction of the Mulor while there are 19 Khasi villages.
When asked about the absence of a candidate from Ranikor constituency, Prestone said that the sudden appearance of Martin M Danggo of the National People's Party (NPP) before the election, the NPP said. It has decided not to nominate any more candidates from Ranikor constituency.
When God intends to reveal something to us human beings, He has a purpose beyond our understanding.
Therefore, the campaign against cancer should be the goal or mission of every family to encourage and help their loved ones to give up these bad habits.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary Bah Lambor F.Wanniang said that the Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club will celebrate its 50th anniversary on the 7th July The Golden Jubilee Celebration will be held on 6th July 2024 if no further notice.
I don't care if everyone works for themselves.
The father of the bride lodged a complaint against the groom.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who introduced the resolution, refused to withdraw and said that the reply of the Prime Minister has not yet been satisfactory.
Furthermore, the family members have not lodged any complaint against anyone because they believe it is his fault.
Train up a child in his youth, that he may not depart from it when he is old.
According to the District Election Officer (DEO) of Ri Bhoi District, there are 95 polling stations which have been declared critical and 54 polling stations which have been declared vulnerable. , but even in these areas, including those in the border areas of Ri Bhoi, the polling has been going smoothly.
"I don't know what my father wants, but I obey what he tells me," said Lydia. "Well, I just said that...Because I'm stupid if I don't. You women shall go to the house of the man, and the people shall count three hundred kinds.
This incident has worried the government and the police as even the ATM machines have been robbed by the robbers.
At the time of Assam, there was only Paragraph 12 and this Paragraph emphasized the Legislative Powers of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
However, what is more obvious is the desire of Dr. John Roberts to share his knowledge with our Khasi whom he considers as his own people.
Therefore, the residents who informed the media, urged the District Administration to take action on this issue and completely block the movement of trucks in the evening, by which they will conduct raids in the night hours, so that they can find out the facts, they added.
Shillong, July 24: More than 500 teachers today staged a protest demanding an investigation into the results of the D.EL.ED announced by the National Institute of Elementary Education (NIE). Open Schooling (NIOS).
In this regard, she and her family have appealed to the HNYF, Northern Region, yesterday for assistance. , she also demanded that the village authorities should pay her compensation, because the sying she planted is no longer suitable for use, after it was thrown out.
This happened in Moomala village of Nangbah.
They said that the registration of children is not smooth and the government does not have the records of the children who live and died and other records of the ASHAs. The General Council will be held on the 4th of November at the NSA Stadium, Nongpoh.
He also criticized the ai jait kpa in which he said that the ai jait kpa will lead to the wrong path, because it will lead to bloodshed and he said that if the ai jait kpa comes out, the time will come. There is no Syiem and no Minister in the Hima Khasi.
On the other hand, Phasmoon Dkhar said in the House that the JHADC has received Rs 6 crore 82 lakh from the 15th Finance Commission.
In the 13-Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency, the UDP has not nominated a candidate and in the 47-Rajabala, although the UDP has nominated a candidate, the HSPDP has no candidate. The HSPDP wants to meet as the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to discuss how to proceed in the mid-term elections. The UDP candidate from Mawphlang and this support is to show that the HSPDP wants the unity of the ethnic parties.
On the same day, the MLA released T.2.50 lakh for the purchase of food items to the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division and the expenditure has reached T.7 lakh.
Bisht scored 50 runs by tied the boundary from Lee Young Lepcha's 36 balls. The two players continued to play well until they managed to score a friendly run of 99 runs for the fourth wicket, in which Teja continued to score 109 runs. He was supported by Amiangshu Sen who scored 59 runs and out in the last ball of the over.
On the other hand, the Seng will continue to follow up on this matter until we see that the law has been implemented properly.
Testing positive for 655 grams of heroin, police said.
Therefore, when we say 'Male Gender' in Khasi, it means Male, 'Female Gender' – Female, Common Gender' – General Gender, and 'Nueter Gender' – Mar.
In reply, she said that she is a Minister of this Government, but because of the rule of law, she cannot say anything but it does not mean that the issue should not be raised.
When I look at the problems that appear among Khasi men, whether it is drunkenness, lack of responsibility for one's own household, lack of voice to speak whether in the household of one's husband or mother, because the danger has already befallen them if they make mistakes, smuggling and other reasons.
He praised the village under the leadership of the office bearers, the village has improved in various areas from roads, paths, schools.
Lajong's entry into the tournament comes after they failed to return to the I-League this year after being relegated in the 2018-19 season.
I used to put these words on my status and Facebook, “Don't think anyone is rich or poor without trying.
The MLA and Ma Lambormi urged the youth to make good use of the training and equipment they have received so that they can stand on their own feet.
Earlier, NEC Secretary Ameising Luikham said the government should create the infrastructure to supply solar and wind electricity to the areas. rural areas because at present they are using only the power of water and coal.
Seeing this, the TMC candidate from Dadegre constituency, said it is sad to see such things, which delay the constituency, where he said that many young people studying in Dadegre constituency. Schools and colleges in this village have to use mombati to read books in the evening, said Rupa M Marak.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has introduced a budget of T.17,375 crore which is T.1532 crore less than the revenue for 2020-21 of which 3.53 percent is from the products produced in the State. (Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
They were also arrested during the ILP protest and charged under the Meghalaya Prevention Detention Act (MPDA).
Sacrifice: you mean, you don't give your life for others; len is not to be eager or eager to get something; lade you are not shimet.
They also sought clarification from the Engineer on the delay in cleaning the road which the residents have been using for decades. They also hope that the government will immediately create a road to clean up the road so that it will be a blessing to the people in coming and going.
As long as the castle; we cannot eat our own pigs.
The KSU Laskein Circle has set up two more offices in Laskein Block known as the Umsalait Unit and the Leimoo Unit on Monday.
Rophul, an independent MLA who joined the Congress, today resigned from the post of Parliamentary Secretary to contest the mid-term MP elections from Tura as an independent candidate.
The PWD officer Byrnihat said that the bridge which is about 60 meters long is still collapsing, as many of the nar shan from inside and outside have been destroyed, so the office has banned people from passing through the bridge. vehicles carrying more than 60 tons, for they may be destroyed at any time.
The scheme also provides employment opportunities to the unemployed youth of the state.
On Saturday, the Chief Minister of State, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui and the Minister of Disasters, Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the MLA of the area, visited Sahksaw. the place where you are called is not good.
Another good man like Peter will tell them if they ask questions. "When you do good, do everything, you shouldn't do anything wrong," said the mother. does.
May the God of peace be with you at this time when you are experiencing a dark storm in your family.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on Friday urged the state government to follow up with the central government regarding the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Three other candidates including Lahkmen Rymbui, former Congress MLA from Amlarem, Donbok Khymdeit, former MLA from Mawhati and Sengal Sangma from Dalu.
There is nothing we can compare with that great hope, the second coming of Jesus.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday confirmed that the power outage will continue, but we will do our utmost to reduce it so that it will not affect the people too much.
However, as a candidate, he gave a speech and in his speech, he said that all voters are Christians and therefore they should pray earnestly before they go to vote.
