This scheme has reached crores of farmers, without any interference in the work.
This exploitation of the government shows the corruption and ignorance of the government because it clearly understands that the political parties cannot hold protests in the midst of this pandemic.
On the other hand, the Government has said that there is no such thing as alleged, and to clarify this, the Government has taken this decision to appoint a team of inquiry by a judge who has not been appointed and will not be able to do so. month to complete the investigation.
The EM concluded by saying that the issue is still under discussion and no decision has been taken.
Samla Leningrad Tariang and others visited the government school and found that the school does not have a Chemistry teacher.
Other members of the MDA government who attended the meeting included Commingone Ymbon, Samlin Malgniang, Chairman of the State Planning Board Lambor Malgniang, Renikton Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs Rajnath Singh. SG Mominin and Chief Whip of the Government Marcuise Marak.
The meeting also discussed the strengthening of the Narcotic Cell which currently has only three Police Officers.
“This will bring about change in many areas in the future,” said Dr Mukul.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Madan Laban, Bah Loster Sunn, Bah R Marbaniang Secretary and other youth organizations. .
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The union has had a thorough discussion with the head of the District Administration and if the district should take immediate action so that our fellow citizens living in the border areas can be safe, the union will She demanded that if the authorities do not take action, the union will not hesitate to think of other ways for this purpose.
Tura, Jymmang 09: The Extra Assistant Commissioner (EAC) of West Garo Hills District, Laban Ch Marak, has resigned from his post to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. in the year
The party has suggested to all the villages in Jaintia Hills to set up community isolation centers and at the same time it has congratulated the villages in Jowai who have set up community isolation centers. These corona centers should be good examples for other villages so that it will help prevent the spread of the disease to other villages.
Prof. A. Pati, Dean, School of Economics, Management etc. and Prof. B. Panda, Honorary Director, ICSSR spoke on the occasion. H. Lamin, Pro Vice-Chancellor, NEHU and Dr. JN Nayak, Registrar, NEHU delivered speeches and the ceremony ended with the singing of the National Anthem.
At the same time, the sudden change of the curfew from 36 hours to 12 hours by the civil society has caused confusion among the people as these announcements have not reached the people. all the news.
Fredric R Kharkongor said that the lowest turnout in the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency was Mawlai Constituency with 59.03% and the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency was South. Tura Constituency with 71.09%.
The incident happened on 13/6/2023. Mawsynram Police Station was informed on 14/16/2023 and four persons have been rescued so far.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Erwin K Sutnga, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee Border of Meghalaya (JACBOM), has appealed to all the people and civil society organizations of the state to unite in the field of border demarcation.
The delegation was led by the President of the party, Samla Bonsen Snaitang.
He also urged the newly appointed CEM to take this incident as a lesson and to be vigilant as those who are dead may be the ones who will fall behind.
There are 429 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 153 cases in West Khasi Hills, 80 cases in West Khasi Hills and 71 cases in Ri Bhoi. sun.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Covid 19 Relief Fund Committee Umkiang, today distributed food items to the poor in Umkiang Village, regardless of religion, caste, Khasi Pnar, that bar state.
India is still growing and this is due to the strength of its army including the army.
They seized the police vehicle number ML02-3011 at 5.30 pm. The vehicle was heading from Williamnagar to Shillong to carry food items. in these churches you shall carry wood.
Member of the Commission PJP Hanaman gave a briefing on human rights. Other speakers at the meeting were Bah B Diengan SDPO of Punursla, Kong P Nongrum. the AAP of Sohra.
In Umsning constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has made history as the first leader of Ri Bhoi constituency with 1942 votes for an independent candidate. UDP candidate Field Marshall Mawphniang, former MDC of Umroi.
Shillong, July 26: Unidentified persons have abducted J. Narayan Rai, 60, while he was driving between Tilapara and Bakeang under Mendipathar Police Station.
Does the police department mean that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew is still alive? The HNLC has also questioned how many innocent souls will turn into the guns of the Meghalaya Police just because they are suspected to be Bah Sanbor Pala. .
Shillong, Lber 09: One person was killed, two others injured and seven others injured in a road accident at Jatah village under Madanriting Police Station on Sunday. pat knows shu he mong.
Dr Mukul alleged that the resignation of Martin M Danggo as MLA and former Speaker of Meghalaya was the work of the BJP and they are still trying.
In West Khasi Hills District, a race was held and awards were given to the winners. In Sohra Civil Sub Division, the employees took the oath for the unity of the country.
The joint training and exercise between the two countries was held in 2007 in Kunming, China, followed by the exercise in 2008 in Belgaon, India and now in China.
“We take this in line with the decision of the Supreme Court for the indigenous peoples.
The above mentioned railway stations are the closest railway stations to these tourist destinations in India.
Today, 01/07/2021, the ribbon was cut at the parking lot.
East Garo Hills 33.94%, West Garo Hills 34.30%, South Garo Hills 28.90%, West Khasi Hills 79.35%, West Garo Hills 63.40%, Ri Bhoi 72.89%. %, North Garo Hills 40.33%, South West Khasi Hills  62.91%, West Jaintia Hills  80.98%, East Jaintia Hills 69.39%.
The Inter-School Athletic Meet will end tomorrow, and all the students will leave for their respective districts. , especially East Khasi Hill District has won many awards on this day.
Zenith said that in the current MDA government, there have been many allegations of corruption, whether it is coal, rice, MeECL, the Forest Department, the Revenue Department. This government in the name of tourism, wants to hand over these land of MeECL to the private sector and as it has appeared in the media that the Prime Minister will take over the land. Zenith asked why the Ministry of Power and Tourism has been handed over to James K Sangma.
Speaking to media, the Adviser of MEMRIWU, Bah Roypar Kharraswai said, “Since July when the State Government terminated the contract with GVK, the EMRI-1 The National Health Mission, Meghalaya has been appointed to temporarily conduct the campaign from November to November, 2022 but now the month of November, 2023 has come, which is 10 years, but the Government has not yet taken a decision on this.
In his speech, Dr. WR Kharluki welcomed Bah Hilarius to the NPP party and appointed him as the Working President of Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 26 : According to information received from the website of the State Police which was posted on the website on 25th July 2024, these are the robbery and robbery incidents that have happened across the country. the state.
Police who have been on high alert in Motphran, immediately after the end of the curfew at 4 pm today, have closed the barricades to prevent vehicles from entering Motphran after 4 pm. allow vehicles that have been through in parts of the market to leave immediately.
We found that some of the rooms have been destroyed and there has been no maintenance by the government authorities on the houses, toilets and others.
East Khasi Hill District, which won the Interschool Athletic Meet this year, all the students of this district played well and did not allow other districts.
After this, the police conducted an investigation which lasted for more than four hours.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, Angela said, “Section 10 (2) of the Lokayukta Act 2014 clearly states that the are the two departments which have their own powers and are required to be established within the office of the Lokayukta.
The Government has also appointed a Magistrate's Inquiry into the collapse of the well.
Initially, only 80 people attended the march but as it progressed, thousands of people joined the march. hands in English.
P.C where it is prohibited for any group to carry iong flags, burn tyngshops or gather in public without permission.
There will be State Election Commissions for the conduct of elections to ADCs, Village Authorities and Municipal Authorities in Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the pass rate of IAS students from Meghalaya is too low to say that no students from Garo Hills have passed the examination.
Regarding religion, he said that the RSS respects all religions, should not insult all religions, one religion cannot bring peace to the world, because God is there is only one, but he is worshiped in different forms and ways.
Once the citizens have completed all the requirements, an SMS will be sent to their mobiles.
Sardar Patel encouraged us on the importance of national unity and justice.
Shillong, November 02: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is no difference of opinion between the government and the Governor of Meghalaya regarding the District Councils. the government side is looking into it.
On the other hand, the Director of Animal Husbandry said that this assurance was taken in accordance with the announcement of the Central Government issued on the 10th of this month, which talks about the consumption of chicken meat and the Novel Corona ( Covid 19) Virus.
At that place, those people had the intention to create trouble with the ethnic groups living in Themmotor which falls under the constituency where he is in charge.
The delay in the release of the results has caused the students to protest. The delay in the release of the results has put the students to enter the Post Graduate class in the universities of the country.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Governor of Meghalaya has appointed Bah Rowell Lyngdoh as the interim Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
“On this occasion, the Prime Minister mentioned many things that the government has to do for the people in all fields, for example agriculture, education, health and others. the functions that the government has to perform.
Not only that, it was further reported that the bills were paid to the newspapers, after 3.4 years, at the earliest.
He said that the hall under construction can accommodate only about 2000 people, but most of the applications received are more than 10,000 and some have reached 25,000 applicants.
In the 10th minute, Jerimon scored in the 46th minute while Simion Siangshai scored the last goal in the 52nd minute and GBHSSJ won 3-0
Speaking at the meeting, the Working President of the MPCC, who is also the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, reminded the party leader of what the party leader has to do. part of the country to make India strong.
At the same time, the MYAF strongly condemns those who take advantage of these ILP protests by the civil society organizations because the signs have shown that they are quick to take advantage of these ILP protests. vehicles, burning government offices, don't even steal the property from government offices which affect the people because the government is not the responsibility of anyone but it was done by the people, for the people and for the people. part of the crowd.
The Sohbar Elaka has sent a letter to the Chief Minister immediately after seeing the news on 29th November 2021 that the leaders of Bangladesh have met the Chief Minister of the Government of Meghalaya to request for Kommorah Limestone Mining Company LTD (KLMC) has been taking over the quarry from Sohbar Elaka since ancient times but has violated many of the rules of the Elaka. Sohbar after being prepared from one time to another.
At present, the NRC in Assam has progressed and people who are not included in the NRC have started fleeing to other states in the North East and if Meghalaya does not do anything It will be easier for people to enter Meghalaya.
It is on this basis that the Government has convened a special session on November 19 to take a decision to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 known as the Inner Line Permit. ensure that the people of the state will be fully protected and this is currently being discussed with the central government.
With the publication of this kotla, we have witnessed the growth and development of literacy in the Khasi language which is currently struggling to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that a hospital will be built at this place where people can go for treatment.
On the other hand, the NHPF has raised the question whether the people of the state are getting jobs in these factories in Ri Bhoi District. the question on the number of factories.
The training was conducted by 10 Japanese teachers at NAVIS. Despite the challenges of learning a new language, the young people who want to work as nurses have experienced another life. new to another country.
Keir Starmer, 61, will become the new Prime Minister of Britain, one of the few countries in the world that still has a monarchy.
Synod Higher Secondary School won the first prize of 30,000 tyngka while St. Mary's Higher Secondary School won the second prize. Kiddies Corner Higher Secondary School, which came fourth, received 15,000 tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Bah Alvin K Sawkmie MDC of Mawsynram today was elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any objection.
Irfan Engineer, Director, CSSS, Mumbai, gave her full support to hold such meetings.
The Halari Coke Plant was inaugurated at 12:00 pm while the Shauryansi Coke Plant, Wah Samsier was inaugurated at 3:30 pm.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that according to information received today, a case has been registered against Barson Lawai, Stanling Khriam and Disparsing Mukhim in Assam.
The Prime Minister said that in this regard, there is a need for the cooperation of all parties including the political parties.
The owner of Riti Academy, Bah Raphel Warjri, welcomed the participants.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, it is understood that the state government through the Rural Development Department has not yet sent any letter to the blocks like Mylliem Block which should be rebuilt. Mawlai Block and Umroi Block are divided into Umsning Block.
“Because we see, perhaps the purpose of building the railway is only for the benefit of someone.
It will open up the opportunity to open LPG stations in the area to reduce the cost of transporting them from other places.
The electoral roll will be released on the 28th July 2020. The deadline for registration or withdrawal of nominations will be on 12/2/2
The Seng also demands that the High Level Scrutiny Committee should provide sufficient evidence that these 246 teachers are teachers who have been employed by illegal methods.
Shillong, July 15: The Organization, as usual every year, congratulates all the students and this time too through the 16th Meritorious Award for Students
At the ceremony held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, three students of the school were awarded special honors by entering the Top 20 of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate results. (SSLC) 2023 including Sandara Marpna in 10th position, Damelawanbha Khyriem in 15th position and Sai-Nanghunbha Kharlukhi in 17th position.
You can also email us.
One of the most surprising things about this place is that as soon as you enter this Tourist Point, you have to walk through steps made of wooden bridges.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of KHANM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that KHNAM will write to the KHADC to take immediate action on the issue of the District Council Affairs Department. letter to her dated June 24, 2015.
The Minister urged the farmers in the state not to take the opportunity to improve their income through the schemes of the central government, not only in the field of cattle breeding but also in the field of cattle breeding. pigs and chickens as well.
According to one of the rules of the state government, students should not have a Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC) from the state, but the KSU has found that many of these foreigners do not have a complete PRC. Provisional Permanent Resident Certificate (PPRC) valid for 3 or 12 months.
To preserve the forests, he said that there is a need for cooperation with the villages. The office will support the area where the trees were planted today. look to be taken care of by the authorities of this village.
The Prime Minister said that there should be cooperation between the people and the government to fight against the problems whether good or bad for the benefit of all the people, in these two years. the government understands that there is still a lot of work to be done, especially in the health sector.
Shillong, June 23: The Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation (MSGEF) today held its fourth meeting in which the government has given half day leave to the employees to allow them to take part in the meeting. session.
On the other hand, the leaders of these protesters will sit down to discuss the matter and will meet with the officers of the office to ask for clarification on the summons. I don't know how to do it.
Dr. Syngkon received more than 5.68 lakh votes and defeated NPP candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, UDP candidate Robert June Kharjahrin and two other candidates. Independent candidates including Prof. Lakhon Kma and Bah Peter Shallam.
Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang gave a special speech on the struggle for independence of the country from foreign rule.
As the discrimination against the Adivasi people is excessive in the state, if the military is not used, the worst impact will be on the minorities.
There are 23 states in India which have received these schools and Meghalaya is one of the states which has received these schools from the Central Government.
From the UDP, Paul Lyngdoh and Kyrmen Shylla, from the BJP, AL Hek and from the HSPDP, Shakliar Warjri, have been nominated. Shillong, Lber 07: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today swore in Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and several other ministers in his government at the Raj Bhavan Shillong. today.
The President of Namdong Unit, said that the CHC has become like an animal shelter, because the birth of children has been done without candles and torch lights. human life, is it to take care of human beings in the midst of darkness?
Prestone said an Advisory Committee has been set up to investigate drug traffickers and the punishment will not be for months or months but for many years.
Some 1,800 people from different places, along with their spouses from all over the country were invited to join the celebrations at the Red Fort as special guests.
The police department has arrested former HNLC members as well as other youths due to lack of concrete evidence on the IED blast.
Shillong, June 16: A Bajaj Pulsar Bike (16 A 3466) was seized by the 172nd Battalion of the BSF at Umkiang in East Jaintia Hills District.
“To organize such a tournament, especially in these times of crisis is a sign of mental stress.
Shillong, July 30: Taxi drivers associations today met at Mawlai to discuss the increase in petrol price and this increase has affected the fare of the people.
The Chief Minister said that there are employees of NEIGRIHMS who have tested positive for COVID-19. He said that he cannot say who but there are employees of the hospital who have tested positive for COVID-1 COVID-19 test Positive.
The next meeting will be held in January, 2024.
Therefore, the union has urged the Royal Construction through the PWD Roads Mawshynrut Sub-division to expedite the work and immediately the Assistant Executive Engineer has sent a letter to the company and at the same time He also promised to conduct a joint inquiry with the party to find out the truth in the near future.
Thapa was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 14th November 2013 for cancer. He was treated for COVID-19 in the ICU but died due to breathlessness.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Commissioner and Secretary to the District Council Department of Meghalaya has announced that the election campaign for the MDC elections to be held on the 27th of this month will be end on the 25th, that is, on the first day.
Referring to the Transit Pass, Bah Chyne said that as the government has not sent a government notice on the recognition of synsar, sla tyrpad and sohmarit as agricultural commodities, the KHADC has opened the gates at In October, the TP was issued to the farmers.
At the same time, two fish were found dead in the water. The authorities in charge of Nan Polok should have sent for the removal of these dead fish. .
On the other hand, the union understands that the GHADC's desire to cut down trees is due to the lack of funds of the Council, but this is not the way, said the president of the union. The GHADC will continue to operate even if the trees are cut down.
Out of the 231 pandals in the state, 112 are in Khasi Hills, 11 in Jaintia Hills and 107 in Garo Hills.
Drugs are authorized for use only after their safety and efficacy have been confirmed.
Several Kurs including leaders of KSU FKGJP, HNYF and others attended the meeting.
As a church, we believe that there are three parts of the journey, the church on earth, the living, the church in the fire of purification, which means the believers who have died because they have not been saved. To reach heaven we need to pray with the saints who have reached heaven to pray with those who are still in the fire of purification and those who are still walking on earth.
The arrested were identified as Himanta Koch and Sujal Koch.
Mawkyllang, Mawkyllang, Marshiang, Mawmluh II, Mawkohiang, Mawkohiang, Lawdibah, Mawkohiang, Mawkohiang, and Mawkohiang are located in the southern part of the country.
MS4AI2301 (Manufacturing Date: Jan-2023, Expiry Date: Dec-2025) is fully qualified,” he said, adding that the tests were conducted at the NABL laboratory and the manufacturer's in-house lab. .
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has helped to set up this oxygen plant through a voluntary group known as the “PATH Foundation” which is one of the the members of the party.
Speaking on “The Growth of Literacy in the Khasi Language” Babu SS Majaw gave a detailed explanation and encouragement to the participants.
It is a shame for the Government of India to name this road as the National Highway while the condition of the road is not equal to that of a horse road,” said Bah Dkhar.
Since the launch of the platform, there have been 292 crore e-way bills and of these, 42% are for the transportation of goods from one state to another.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Many states in India are still busy preparing for the public meeting of the Prime Minister candidate, Narendra Modi. come to hold a public meeting in this state.
In the meeting with the residents, they said that such an earthquake which they have never seen or remembered and the damage is severe, the Prime Minister promised that the government will take all the action. the roads are open to repair the roads.
After consulting with the people of the area, the main reason is that there is a forest office of the Assam Forest Department which has been built within the boundary of Mukroh village.
The celebration began with the laying of wreaths at the monument to the soldiers who gave their lives for the country at the 58-Gorkha Training Centre. They are the father of Capt. Clifford Nongrum, Major David Manlun and Major David Manlun.
Speaking at the inauguration of the new school, the Chief Minister said that the government has a policy to improve education in the state according to the present era.
The President said that Meghalaya has been a state prominent in cleanliness and Mawlyngong village has been an example, it has also had wooden bridges which shows the relationship between the people and the environment.
"He said that just as in the Gospel, Jesus invites those who are sick and burdened to come to Him, so it is the duty of everyone who believes and comes to Jesus to rest. .
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “The Cabinet has approved the Search Committee, which will be headed by the Chief Secretary. Conrad K Sangma said that the State Government will also issue a new Office Memorandum (OM) regarding the implementation of the Reservation Roster.
In this meeting with the family members of Mawlai, the Chief Minister expressed his sorrow over this incident and prayed that the Creator will give spiritual support to the family members of the family. family on this great loss.
“On my part, I express my pleasure to work with the current EC which has responsibility for the market and other areas under the jurisdiction of the in the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
After investigation, it was found that the family of Bah Barnabas Nangbah in Shillong, who are from Lamin, are descendants of Kiang Nangbah's mother.
The complaint said that the guards of the Shillong Golf Club had gone to meet the Director of Shillong Golf Club but nothing was done to Wanglat as he was a person of authority. as the former Minister of Home Affairs of Arunachal Pradesh.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that there should be a special allocation of land for his work.
“Since 2015, more funds have been allocated to NEIGRIHMS to build a medical college, increase the number of MBBS seats and strengthen the nursing college.
Jha sent the letter of explanation to his Muktiar SP Sharma to submit the three-page letter to the Chief Minister and the Ministers of the State Government.
The Government of Meghalaya from 1972 to 2011 has tried to recover Block-1
Shillong, Lber 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a statement to all the central government, state government and the private sector to immediately stop the mining of uranium. public deception.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 421 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries today from East Khasi Hills 159 cases and the total number of recoveries so far is after.
The purpose of this meeting was to raise awareness among the people to fight against insurgency which only brings poverty to the country, the state and the villages.
The NPP has nominated Pyniaid Sing Syiem as its candidate and the Congress has nominated Highland Kharmalki for the mid-term election in Mawrynkneng constituency.
Sports is on the statelist and it is the responsibility of the state governments to promote sports.
Such cases are painful to know and the government is looking for ways and means how to fight against this prostitution and a law should be passed. die met is due to poverty which has led them to engage in such activities.
“Ka Seng itself cannot accept the search of goods vehicles by the BSF because the people don't speak the language but if there is a search the BSF should cooperate with the police,” he added.
“Three months have passed since the bloodshed in Manipur.
This includes the efforts of all Governments over the last 75 years.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, said that they have received information that many people have been injured but no one has lodged a complaint with the police.
We cannot move forward because the casual workers are those who work in the morning and eat at night because their income is low and the cost is high,” said Bah Mawphniang.
Other Ministers include Dr RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister, Food, Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs, Election, Revenue and Disaster Management, Home (Passport), Reorganization, Science and Technology.
Drones have brought about major changes in the delivery of vaccines and tests.
The event was entitled “Glimpses of the India Story” and the theme of the event was how the government is striving to bring about economic development through laws in India. these six years that have passed.
On the issue of using dromes to patrol the border, the IG of BSF Shillong Frontier said that he has a plan but he cannot say when this will happen.
The work started in 2022 near the end of the year and when it reached in front of All Saint School it stopped and this prompted the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to visit the site and Then she started working again.
It is learned that before joining the armed group, Frederick used to express his patriotism and this continues even in the demands of the Seng together with other groups to demand the implementation of the armed group. The Inner Line Permit is a law to protect the people from the illegal entry of foreigners.
This has brought pride to the police department and Meghalaya as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The JSU (JSU) has discussed two issues, the first is the ILP and to oppose the CAA and the second is the issue of ILP. The 39th National Games should be held in Jaintia Hills.
Dozens of villages and lands of the Khasi Hills have reached Assam in this phase 1 and it has forced the Khasi Hills to go to court.
He said that in the last elections, the UDP won the most MLAs from all the ethnic parties and the highest number of MDCs from the ethnic parties was from the UDP. I am confident that as the candidate of the RDA supported by the UDP, he will be the only candidate from the National Party who has the power to contest against the candidates of the National Party.
Shillong, June 16: The Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Sainkupar Nongtraw on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) strongly condemns the insult to the people in Langpih, Block I and Block II. Nepalis who are not Indian citizens who live in these areas have the right to occupy land.
The protest will be held on the 25th of this month from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm.
In his speech, Bah RL Nonglait General Secretary of the SSA Teachers Union said that for the past three years they have been cooperating with the MDA government but now they cannot listen anymore. to inform the State Government.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station on Tuesday conducted a raid at 11.30 pm and seized 274.23 grams of heroin worth T.1.5 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Shillong, Naitung 15: Shillong, Naitung 15: Shillong Police today received a complaint from Charlie Rani, President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM). More than 10 people went to attack him at his residence in Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Although the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have worked hard since Saturday until Tuesday, they have not been able to find him.
Shillong, March 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to hold municipal elections.
The Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar urges all churches and religious organizations to take action on the MHIS-III. If you don't understand the scheme, please contact us at 9436102663 for clarification. scheme.
When the Himas do not hold Hima Dorbars, the path for the children of the thousands should be clear – as there is a rule for Parliament and Assembly to hold Dorbars once every four months. but the KHADC Act cannot keep the Acting Syiem for decades which is completely wrong.
However, the party is not happy to implement the AFSPA in Garo Hills.
Through this programme, the Government is assisting patients through Ayurvedic treatment to treat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA) among indigenous women between the ages of 18 and 45 years in Mawpat and Mylliem Block of East Khasi Hills. district under the Ayurveda Yojana.
The first is that the MeSEB report was rejected and submitted by one of the CEAs and the inability to work during the rainy season and the worst damage was the floods in June
Ready Myrthong is no longer the General Secretary of the circle as he has been removed since last term and the members have not found him appointed to the post.
On the other hand, the residents of the village don't have any hatred or opposition to anyone but to avoid anyone who wants to take advantage of someone else in the village, to avoid any insults or any unpleasant incidents. They cannot come out of the village,” said the residents.
The NPP candidates who have filed their nominations are Prestone Tynsong, Remington Pyngrope, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Ehkupar Nongrum and HS Shylla.
“As a century, we are ready to fight against the enemies whether in the war of thought or in any other form for the sake of the future generation,” said Samla Donald.
Shillong, November 05: The Mei-Sin Kur Seng through its General Secretary, Bah Edward Kurbah has sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding the proposal to amend the Act and Rules. The Kur expresses its satisfaction to see that the Government of Meghalaya has introduced Article while introducing amendments under the MCRM Act and the CRMR Act that those who are married to become husband and wife even if they have not completed the marriage certificate.
The Photo Exhibition was inaugurated by Bah Bantei Kharjana, Deputy Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, religion has a role to play in working with the state in improving society and human morality.
This decision was taken after a special meeting of the Seng with the Rangbah Kiba from Nongkrem constituency.
The registration of candidates by district is as follows: West Jaintia Hills has 27 candidates, East Jaintia Hills has 13 candidates, 10 males and 3 females, Ri Bhoi District 35 males. 28 men and 7 women.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the former Congress leader who held the post of Youth President of the area said that the Congress party has not visited the area. still valid.
The NYKS, Meghalaya organized the rally in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cycling Association, the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and the Pay for Right Football Academy.
On the part of the government, the government is now in the midst of considering how to save the factory. working with private companies to develop this dewbilat factory.
Synrem said that regarding the recruitment in Grade C and D, the hospital should allocate 80 percent of the salary for the youth of the state. for the youth of the State.
The KSU said that until now they have not been able to verify to the Shillong Municipal Board how many employees of the board even though the Board has sent twice even the employees to collect information about who lived there in the Mawlong market.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Nine persons were injured in a stone throwing incident by the police of East Jaintia Hills District today. Meghalaya Cement Limited has expanded its cement production facility in Thangskai.
A book on the drama has also been published with the title written by (L) Dr. Barrister Pakem, former Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University.
“We also urge the District Authorities to be vigilant in the Aadhaar registration process and also to direct the Aadhaar registrants to provide all the lists and documents (xerox). copy) of those who have registered in the system (UIDAI), so that records can be kept for the needs of the District and also to be inquired at any time, if necessary.
This includes checking the season of fire extinguisher use, ensuring ease of use of sprinklers and water pressure, and that alarm systems are working and are audible throughout the facility.
There are offices like DTO, Soil & Water Conservation, Consumer Forum, Sainik Department and others.
Before being accepted into the army, the namding was fired about 20 times.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit to Beijing has been postponed due to the incident.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU said that the KSU would like to make it clear that those who work in various jobs who bring in foreigners, “don't bring in foreigners without proper documents. sla, we don't know even if he is our own brother or sister, the organization will not be able to continue from now on”. If you are traveling under a Work Permit, you must not travel underground or in the evening.
Then the teacher in charge of the subject went to continue the order to complete first according to the rules.
Of these buses, DTC has already operated 250 buses and the remaining 50 buses are just starting to operate. This is to fulfill the promise of MHI to deliver 300 electric buses to DTC and the central government will provide T. 165 crore for the operation of 300 electric buses.
The Department in charge of this has already searched the shops of foreigners without their licenses and found about 40 shops which do not have proper licenses. “Before doing this, they should send a letter,” said Bah Latiplang.
At present, the administration of the Khadar within the Hima Sohiong is supervised and administered by the Acting Lyngdoh.
According to information, these pipes are to be delivered to Silchar by running pipes from Ri Bhoi to Jaintia Hills. Arnold Syngkli, President of RBYDSO, said that during the meeting with the DC, the DC refused to talk to the RBYDSO leaders. landlord and left in a hurry on the grounds that he had to run to a meeting.
The plaintiff allegedly threatened her that if she did not pay the money, she would be taken away and punished.
“These resources will open up new opportunities for the youth of Meghalaya,” he said.
Finally, Bah Banshai said that regarding the ASHAs, Aganwadi and Domestic Workers, more research will have to be done besides their findings as they have expressed and also in collaboration with the State Union and the Domestic Workers. Unit located within the area.
The NRC will release the names of the teachers who have received certificates before November 31,
This was stated by the author of the book on the 1962 war between India and China. The book is titled Kaia and was written by Kunal Verma. day in the EAC Upper Shillong.
The Seng once again invites all the paradoh parasnam of the state to come together on this day.
The KSU is also surprised by the statement of the Prime Minister that he has informed AMD and UCIL. On the other hand, the KSU would like to ask the Meghalaya government, “Where is the Meghalaya government or its Independent Inquiry? The State Government has not informed the authorities.
At the beginning of the programme, the President welcomed the guests at 4 pm.
Shillong, July 01: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Bah MB Rymbai, has found it difficult to send the names of the Deputy CEM and EM to the Governor of Meghalaya. received approval to fill the two vacant seats in the Executive Committee headed by him.
The Minister has sent a letter to the teachers to inform them that they have been asked to meet with the LR Sangma Commissioner and Secretary. Publishing Department.
The HYC wants to see that the villages and lands of the Khasi Pnar Hima and Elaka should fall under Meghalaya so that the border settlement will be peaceful and happy for the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, said Bah Robertjune. Kharjahrin President HYC.Shillong, Nailar 21: U Dinesh Nonglang, 37, has died and others have been injured in a blast. a tragic event.
Shillong, June 28: Police of Mawngap Out Post today released Bah Khraw Kharryngi from Tyrsad village.
Contractor who has constructed the NH-6 so far, to demand to repair and improve the flooded parts of the road, to complete the remaining side drains, footpaths ), guard walls, traffic lights and signals, along with rumble strips.
The Chief Minister said that the availability of these facilities will help the government to monitor the schemes implemented by the government across the state and this will also make it easier to resolve the issues. if they arise while the development works are being implemented.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony included MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, Dr.SA Lyngdoh, Junior Specialist, Dr. W.Nongsiej, District Medical and Health Officer, Nongstoin. W. Sutnga and the Sordar of Nongthyllep, Bah M. Ryntathiang.
During the meeting, the Chief Executive Members congratulated him on his letter dated 5th July 2012, which he sent to P Chidambaram, former Home Minister of India, seeking clarification from the Ministry. of Home Affairs, Government of India on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August,
Pyniaid Syiem Shongknor of the House of Representatives told SP News Agency that the session will start on the 25th of this month. man.
We plan to expand the generation capacity, ensuring long-term sustainability for the times to come.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Shillong, Nailur 30: The General Secretary of Shillong Club, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the club will hold its General Council Meeting on 05th March, 2013 at Shillong Club. The meeting will discuss the urgent issues of the party , when the party is preparing to hold the Seminar Program On Environment in October this year and other programs to be held during the month December 2013,.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The President of India today appointed Tathagata Roy as the new Governor of Meghalaya and Ganga Prasad as the new Governor of Sikkim. .
“BJP National President Jagat Prakash Nadda has appointed Rikman Momin as the State President of Meghalaya,” the statement said.
In his speech, Amit Shah said that as part of the Prime Minister's major project, the Jaljeevan Mission, the DoNER Department and the Government of Meghalaya under the North East Special Infrastructure Scheme, the Greater Sohra Water Project. The project, which costs T.25 crore, will provide clean drinking water through water pipes to every household.
In another incident, Kitches R. Sangma, 19, was injured in a collision with another vehicle and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong.
If there are no trees, animals will disappear and even we humans will disappear”.
Shillong, Lber 18: Two young girls have been arrested by the residents of Mawlai Nongpathaw village on suspicion of drug trafficking and handed over to the police.
Lyngdoh said the Cabinet has extended the age limit for the Chairperson of the Commission from 65 years to 70 years.
The HYC urges all the MLAs of the state to oppose the BJP's proposal and to bring a resolution in the House against the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 and the Passport Amendment. (Entry into India) Act, 1920 and the Foreigners Act,
The amount of money seized has reached 5 lakh tyngka.
Police are conducting investigation to find out how these drugs reached Jowai.
The ship was brought from Delhi to a distance of 3600 km.
On the other hand, the President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, said that the purpose of the HFU is to follow up on the demands sent to the government. they should get.
He spoke about the progress in providing internet to all parts of the country and said that the internet is still reaching all the villages and this has ensured that everyone benefits from the changes related to jobs. digital.
In the letter, they said that the highway number 6 is the road connecting Meghalaya, the eastern part of Assam, Tripura and Mizoram. the car turned wat in the middle of the road.
In this regard, the union is surprised at the readiness of the police to protect or order that these foreigners who do not have Labor License should continue to work as usual. big.
The number of PNG connections has increased from 22.28 lakh in 2014 to more than 1 crore by
The residents of the shops in the area have also expressed their dissatisfaction because they are in front of the shops and if the Syiem's ​​office does not remove them, they will send them away. paia, this same problem was expressed by the daju who did not carry because it is a highway and there are four gates in this place.
All these 25 vehicles have been placed at the 108 office in Lawmali and the preparation is underway to remove the signs written in one language and rewrite them in English for the benefit of the public.
“If this Nepali has already distributed SyrnodLatyrke to 1000 foreigners who are only day laborers here, this has already put our Jaidbynriew in great danger,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President. AJYWO Central Body through a statement.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: Three men were killed in a fire at a car manufacturing factory in Nongrah this morning.
When the vehicle arrived at the scene, police stopped and searched the vehicle and from the four persons in the vehicle, they seized 1.2 kilograms of heroin. Yaba is one of the people sitting in this car.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, MPLU General Secretary Batskhem Basaiawmoit said that they had discussed with the Human Resource Officer of the company.
Donny Ranee and Umakanta Singh from Meghalaya and Manipur have been elected as Chairman and Vice Chairman for the 1st All India University Kickboxing Championship in Guwahati in October this year.
What they are implementing now is only for those schemes which have started before the 2020-2021 fiscal year, and the remittance from the central government is now only to complete the remaining schemes which have been allocated before the year 2021.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Wellbirth Rani President of the FKJGP on behalf of the four political parties including the RBYF, KSU and HNYF has apologized to EM Jose for what happened today at the FKJGP. when they held a protest at Barik in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
There are 10 recoveries from West Jaintia Hills, 5 from West Jaintia Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills and 2 from East Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
For example, Manipur has not implemented the ILP but has passed its own law by introducing these provisions.
The KHADC has introduced these rules for the Sixth Schedule.
“Let us promise to remember not only our rights but also to fulfill our duties and responsibilities with a firm mind, hard work and righteousness so that we can have a prosperous and progressive society.
There was also a social peace agreement with the Dima Halam Daogah of Dima Hasao rebels of Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said, “To strengthen this, it is now up to us the leaders to follow up on the Resolution introduced in the Legislative Assembly in 2018 to force the Government of India to introduce the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of Right India.
He said that in this cooperation these issues will be agreed upon.
He also praised the people of Gujarat for their ability to hold such a big tournament in a short period of time.
In Meghalaya, this vehicle will reach villages across the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) strongly condemns the inaction of the State Government on the demands of the SSA teachers.
Since 2017-18 we have held public rallies, explanations in the districts of Bri u Hynniewtrep and around the country.
Speaking at the meeting, AG Rtn KSElangbam said that the mission of Rotary is to help people in need especially in times of natural disasters.
This promotion will be only for existing health centers and not for new construction to strengthen government health centers in existing areas as well as for staff and if necessary to purchase equipment. It is up to the District Commission to determine what is urgent.
To combat this, the use of commercial vehicles has been banned.
It is on this demand that the government has introduced an amendment to the Lok Pal Act, but unfortunately the government has not yet implemented the Act in the state.
He will talk to members of various groups in the area in Moreh and will be followed by a meeting with community groups in Kangpokpi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee of the Sohiong Hima, Bah Purningstar Shabong, on Tuesday said that they want the KHADC to clarify where Mawtamur belongs.
Speaking on an interview with the Sohra Police Station, Najiar said, “The police say they are looking for the place.
After taking many decisions, it has come forward to urge unity in standing up for the people against the forced provision of DAWAI and AADHAAR after seeing and witnessing the efforts of the Government. as well as various State Governments.
At present, the Congress in Meghalaya has not done anything regarding the Congress MLA from Assam. How can the Congress party be trusted if the Congress supports it? The MLA should not withdraw the letter.
Members of the KSU Ngunraw Unit were also present.
Police seized the vehicle and three mobile phones.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Many residents of Shillong today were shocked to hear the earthquake in the morning where many of the households were busy preparing for school. of children.
For many years the State Government has appointed BDOs of the Block with officers from different departments and the Block has received MCS officers only in 1987 and 1989, after 29 years. Block has received another MCS officer. With this vision, the State Government has witnessed the development of various jobs in this Block.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the storm happened at midnight when people were sleeping.
The union will also seek information from all the residents of the district whether they have received the Ata as approved by the Superintendent of Food and Supply of the district. “The people don't get them. The party will take strong measures,” he said.
The cooperation is in the government but the elections are to destroy the party.
D.V.Lyngdoh promised to take action so that these drivers who have permits can get their rights.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today convened a meeting to understand the progress of the work on the relocation of the residents. at Thewmeter.
“We see the spirit of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat in every part of this building,” he said.
In this regard, 3182 students from 15 schools in different districts of the state have received special training through Aspire Meghalaya which was held in July this year.
In the rural areas, students from class I to class V are allowed to go to schools for assistance, while for class VI to class 12, students are allowed to go to colleges.
The MDA government will have to think carefully about this because the promise they made during the elections was to create many jobs and bring about economic development and to make thousands of people rich.
In East Khasi Hills, candidates have been nominated in all constituencies.
When asked how far the Congress is concerned to win the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong especially after winning only three seats in the Assembly elections, MPCC President Vincent H. Pala said: “Of course, it is very difficult for the Congress this time after the departure of the party leaders and workers last year but no matter where we go we get the love of the people in manla meetings that you have held.
AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the party is pleased to welcome Mamata Banerjee, Chief Leader of the party, on her first visit to Meghalaya, Shillong. they will get to talk to her face to face.
I look forward to meeting Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE, in Abu Dhabi and discuss with him various issues to advance our Comprehensive Partnership.
In order to bring convenience to the people of the area and also because the area is one of the central areas for the people living in many villages to pass through the area.
Many now have followed suit.
From time to time, the Seng has received complaints that the illegal activists have turned this place into a resting place to drink, eat and do charity work. There is also a danger to the pedestrians especially the young girls and women as well as the danger to the pedestrians who walk on the footpath. parts.
Naga M. Sangma, 39, brother of MLA Samuel M. Sangma, was released after he had paid T.20 lakh as demanded.
At the same time, the union urges the village leaders, village youth wing and village volunteers to ensure that there will be no entry of foreigners into their villages.
The display of photographs of candidates and banners of political parties or symbols has also been banned.
The Vice-Chancellor, Registrar of North Eastern Hill University and the management of NEHU congratulated Hame S. Suiam for bringing glory to Meghalaya in this tournament.
Employees of the PWD (Roads) department, on receiving information about this, took a puhshilum vehicle to clear the ground in the middle of the road to reduce the traffic jam due to the landslide.
Bah Shylla said that if the father is a Khasi, the son should be a Khasi, if the father is a non-Khasi, the son should not be a Khasi. children.
Regarding the refusal of the district authorities to allow even three MLAs to stand at the Secretariat, the VPP leaders had to sit by the road opposite the Deputy Commissioner's office.
On behalf of the 6300 Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing welcomed the President of the Indian National Congress. He expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister, Late Shri Rajiv Gandhi, for the liberation of the Sixth Scheduled State from the establishment of Panchayati Raj. amended by the 73rd and 74th Amendments to the Constitution of India on 15th May
In this regard, the party has taken an urgent decision to hold a public meeting on Mairang Market Day at 02:00 pm at the Dorbar Hall Tirot Sing Syiem in Pyndemumiong.
On this occasion, Bah Banteidor as a sign of encouragement to the families who are in poverty but who have the desire and desire to shape the future of their children to achieve Bah Banteidor also donated assistance to 15 households of Jatah Lakadong Village to support the school.
The OC of Laban Police station has called a meeting of all the shopkeepers to discuss how to bring peace and order in the area.
The UKPO was launched at a meeting of the Khasi community in the district on July 18, 2022, led by Bah Pius Sten who conducted the meeting held at Umlaper Block-II. The purpose of the union is to look into the problems faced by the Khasi in the future and to ensure peace and harmony with other non-Khasi ethnic groups in the area. Think about the lack of Khasi to elect the members of the District Council.
The meeting between the High Commissioner of Bangladesh and the DG of BSF is important as through this meeting, the border between the two countries has been strengthened.
In West Garo Hills, Kismet A Sangma from North Tura and Subir M Marak from Rangsakona have filed their nomination papers.
He said that the present Congress is his duty to unite the party in the state . He said that he has started to allocate the responsibilities of the party including the the village is created.
The findings of this investigation show that there are fraudulent companies run by this group in order to facilitate these illegal activities for this company.
Police had to pump water from Pung Nan Polo (Ward's Lake) nearby to deliver water to the scene of the fire at Thana Road.
The Minister was speaking at the launch of the Micro ATMs to Business Correspondent Agents through the Meghalaya Rural Bank in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society. there are 100 pieces.
On this occasion, the Seng also distributed Nep Syaid and Tap moh head to the residents of Kher Jatap and Lum-u-Smon.
If you look at Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, you will see that the old leaders have been thrown out and new leaders have been brought in.
The prof is a lecturer at GB Pant University, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand and his appointment is in accordance with the provisions of NEHU 2A(1) of the NEHU North. Eastern Hills University 1973.
Shillong, November 12: The race for the MDC ticket from Langrin MDC constituency has been heated between the incumbent MDC Manstudy Nongrem and another youth from the civil society but his name has not been made public.
The winners from different districts will compete in the final to be held in Shillong in July.
He urged the pharmacists to be vigilant to prevent the smuggling and hoarding of medicines and to ensure the provision of necessary equipment.
On this occasion, the Minister distributed certificates to the participants of various competitions held during these days.
Agnes said there are groups who want to take advantage of the ILP protest to raise the feelings of the people and the rightful demands of the people.
Referring to the UDP party, he said that because he understands the power, he has invited Bah Process T Sawkmie to join the party to contest, but the sad thing is that many of the party leaders have not been in the party. party to be covered.
The union has been waiting with the hope that the government will do as promised by its officers in Jaintia Hills.
In Shillong, Hindu devotees held special prayers at their places of worship to witness the opening of the temple in Ayodhya.
On the same day, a financial assistance of 5 lakh tyngka was also distributed to the victims of the shooting by the Assam police.
The share of the Major land is T.1,53,29,855/- while the share of the Minor is T.5/- crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that an election will be held to elect the new office bearers of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit and the KSU North. Khasi Hills District Unit for the term 2018-2
The GST Council is the body that advises the Parliament on the Central GST and the Assembly on the State GST. to this suggestion.
They also inspected the affected districts in these states, the availability of proper medicines, the availability of ventilators, PSA Plants, Oxygen tanks and concentrators among other things.
This received widespread support from 177 member states who supported it and was adopted without a vote.
Regarding the Auditorium, he said that until now it has not been used, the government will send for improvement and it cannot be used in the future. improve.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and said that this is the goal of the government to provide health services to the people in the field of health and Meghalaya is the first state. the North Eastern Region of India to have this policy for the mentally ill.
of Meghalaya has congratulated the NYK for taking the initiative to gather together the youth to conduct such programmes. He said that as the Director in charge of the department for the development of the youth, he expects that the State Government will soon implement the State Youth. Policy which will be one of the most powerful forces to empower the youth because it is only through strong laws that they have been able to create new things and to fulfill the promise that the youth they are the Future of the Country and the Nation.
This scheme has been allocated only for Shillong in East Khasi Hills and Tura in West Haro Hills in the past years and now it has been extended to the villages of Jowai in West Jaintia Hills District. .
Dr. Pame praised the initiatives of the AYUSH Department to hold the International Yoga Day in which the two Central Government departments today took part in different parts of the country. country.
The District Council also introduced the Roi.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The HANM – Shangpung Circle has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar on Tuesday to discuss the winners of the Shangpung District Dancing Superstar.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (WGG-5) met today at 2pm at Yojana Bhavan, Main Secretariat, Shillong to discuss the Water Resources Department and especially the implementation of schemes. .
Bah Hat said that his performance in the Class XII examination despite many difficulties has brought honor to the family, the village of West Ri Bhoi and the district as a whole.
The DGP said that Shillong does not have such a ability. It is unacceptable that the UPSC examination has become more difficult compared to 30 years ago. Many have passed this examination.
Second Place T.8,000.
The hospital has also received oxygen cylinders, Bi Pap carts and other items for the treatment of COVID-19 patients.
“We have built school buildings and facilities but the training you will give and build the future of the state and the country you must be the first to be the change makers,” he said. Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam A. Sangma, Minister of Education, said that teaching is the most honorable job.
As part of the expression of strong opposition to the Government's plan to build a railway line to East Jaintia Hills, the party has also distributed leaflets prepared by the party's media to the people in Kjhliehriat to explain to the people how it will affect the region and the state as a whole.
Shillong, November 31: The MATTI Charitable Society (MATTI) in collaboration with the Khasi Hills Disabled Association (KHAD) has donated 100,000 rupees to the disabled.
The land acquired by MeECL is 1,56,367 square meters from 53 land owners.
Tura, Nailar 01: Two area commanders of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Philliport and Rangdat have escaped from the custody of the Meghalaya Police today during a raid. They have raided their camp at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills.
He said that the program will be conducted in many parts of Meghalaya.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, while raising the issue in the Budget Session, said that the Central Government intends to implement the Uniform Civil Code. in India, it will affect and destroy customs, customary laws, marriage law, and the right to freedom of worship.
The Dorbar Shnongs have the information and can also verify the citizenship of any person and therefore the election department should ask and cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs before adding new names to the electoral roll.
James Lyngdoh, Working President of the Congress party in Meghalaya, told SP News Agency that the party cannot call a curfew because it is banned.
In this regard, the union also warns all those people who own the shops of foreigners whenever the union calls the authorities to stop immediately from doing benami.
During the meeting, he was handed over some of the receipts that could be collected from the affected families and also found that the theft in this case from the investigation/comparison of receipts and copies of them in the office.
In his speech, Bah DP Wahlang said that this donation of these laptops is a donation and they will continue to do better in their studies.
Program (BADP).
According to a statement sent by the BSF, in November alone, the BSF has arrested 26 Bangladeshis who have smuggled into India.
The reason for this is the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat, but this has caused unrest in the state and this has affected the poor people. book in this state since the ban on mineral extraction.
He said that through the donation of these leaders who founded the Khasi National Dorbar, the Syiem has donated 100,000 tyngka to the Khasi National Dorbar. National Assembly.
In his speech, Dr Hazarika said that the distribution of livestock in the village is under the Tribal Sub Plan scheme which aims to help the farmers to increase their income.
The meeting was attended by the President of the HSPDP, Bah P.Ryntathiang, Deputy CEM of GHADC, Nikman Ch Marak and other party leaders. .
In his speech, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem, said that when people build houses, they build to live and not to die. and why MUDA charges a lot of money to get a certificate to live in a house after it has been built to get light and water.
Regarding the cases of violence against women and children, the SI said that the village has no right but should hand over to the law enforcement authorities.
The BSF wants the people living on the border to get the benefits, said the IG BSF. (SP News).
The Cabinet also approved the State Literary Awards to promote the Khasi and Garo languages. the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, the BJP feels that Bah Pala is trying to mislead the people.
The KSU also raised a question on the issue of Inner Line Permit but Prestone replied that it is still pending with the central government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The first Kur Dorbar of the Pyngrope Kur will be held on 28th July 2020 at Mawblang.
In the petition, they demanded that the GHADC should pay the salary for the month of April.
Shillong, Lber 10: Many houses in Umden village in Ri Bhoi District have collapsed at about 8.00 pm due to cold weather.
Shillong, July 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated a meeting on the 100 days bill under MGNREGA held at the Convocation Hall of NEHU. Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister congratulated the VECs for their hard work since the inception of MGNREGA in 2006 and now this work has completed 40 years. This has benefited the people in terms of employment.
This is the first time that such a statement has been issued by the office of the Governor and this will serve as a window to enable the reading public to see the dedication and understanding and efforts for the development of the entire state.
“I don't have anything to hide whether the absence of Dr Mukul Sangma today is not pleasant to me, I have confidence and as far as I can as a human being I will do the job. Speaking at the meeting were Himalaya Shangpliang, Mayralborn Syiem, James Lyngdoh, Deborah Marak, AICC General Secretary Manish Chatrath, AICC General Secretary Manish Chatrath. Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, today handed over the post of President of the MPCC. The meeting was conducted by Ampareen Lyngdoh and welcomed by Kimfa S Marbaniang.
On the claim of the HNLC that they have been looking for him for many years, the Superintendent of East Khasi Hills District said that it is unbelievable because Bah Romoe is a man who has been wanted for many years. He is located in Lapalang village and is a small village where everyone knows him and he is also a trader.
Now from Red Fort, I urge you to create job opportunities for our youth and show how much India can do.
The Governor of Meghalaya has distributed certificates to the NCC members who came to take part in the Republic Day parade in Delhi. principals and leaders of the NCC who provided training for the development of the country.
At the same time, all drivers will be directed to charge according to the government fare.
Final reports will be completed by midnight.
When inquired about the damage to the houses and crops, Bah Nongrang said that until now we have not been able to give the names of the houses affected, due to the storm and cold. Many houses in these villages have been affected and it is difficult to get information immediately after the incident, he added.
During the meeting, the suggestions and issues raised were that Mawshynrut C&RD Block, West Khasi Hills, is perhaps the largest Block in the distance of villages (some villages are 130 km away from Mawshynrut C&RD Block). Riangdo, the office of the C&RD Block and the geographical area and can be said to be one of the backwardest among the 39 C&RD Block.
He said that the MeECL management has sent a letter to the union and the reason they have shown is that they are looking into the demand and the reason is that there is a shortage of funds. since 2017 when they started this demand.
In his speech, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have prayed for him and soon he will start working as usual. public launch of Sniang farming scheme in the state.
The Union Law Minister said that the Ministers should visit the North Eastern Region of India to inspect the implementation of government schemes to ensure that the schemes should be implemented. in the right way.
This came from the 130 crore people of the country and this gave us new strength, gave us new faith.
On the other hand, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, as the Chief Guest, urged the people of the area to be united so that other ethnic groups cannot dominate them.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Basaïawmoit said, “As a group or village, we will elect a party or candidate who believes in the Constitution of India. , who respect the provisions of India’s constitution, believe in freedom of religion and a party that protects the welfare of minority groups.
When asked about the shortage of electricity posts, the Director of Distribution said that there will be a shortage, but not in all because there are many types of electricity posts and they have been used according to their condition. places.
The slaughter of chickens in the affected areas (Panchkula District) has continued.
On the opening day of the tournament, Nongumlong SC beat Pyrda FC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The JSU WJC also urges the Minister to take action against Bangladesh and also to resolve the border issue by erecting proper border posts.
The yield as of today is still about 70%.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla, in his speech, said that to instill in the minds of the students the uniqueness of the North Eastern Region of India, He said that attention should be paid to the cultivation of slasha, coal, ksai nalia, forest products and some small factories which the people of this area can work as kriah. The people of this area are well able to work.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The National People's Party (NPP) President Cornad K Sangam has launched his MLA election campaign in Manipur from Aba Ground in Kshetrigao Constituency.
To allow uranium mining within the area.
On the other hand, the newly elected President of the party, Rikmang Momin, said that the goal of the party is to bring unity and cooperation even from the house of the last president in order to strengthen the party. you party in the state.
In Tripura, the Assam Riffles have distributed 500 masks to the residents of four villages in Unakoti District in Tripura.
Regarding the investigation into the allegation of misuse of funds within the Council, he said that if Bah Antonio War EM in charge of the budget has any responsibility, he should have resigned. , or the CEM should have temporarily suspended him while the investigation was ongoing.
However, Minister Duh has launched the Jan Aushadhi Kendra and by launching the work related to the manufacture of medicines in the country, he has launched a program where all the poor can access to drugs at a rate of 8% to 30%.
Shillong, Lber 07: The JSU today removed the flag from Nongtalang CHC for 9 months after the resumption of 108 in Amalrem Subdivision from 5th October
The General Secretary of the KSU Jaintia Hills District said that in a meeting with the DC today, the KSU said that they have shut down the dewbilat factory on the grounds that the KSU has found the wrongdoing of the refinery.
Himlaya said that the Khasi organizations in the rural areas are weak and cannot support themselves to build those successful projects. offered support from his as a minister and government.
Speaking to reporters, UHM President Charlie Rani said that the reason for the lack of land owners to register with the government for the land on the border with Assam is due to the lack of offices. They are not available in the offices and the price is too high.
They hope that he will continue to shape the character of the Jaitbynriew through his songs.
The meeting decided that the Police Chiefs of the two districts will be the leaders of the Peace Committee and the Peace Committee will include the law enforcement agencies. They also discussed the issues related to the movement of people in the area.
After being arrested, the driver of the vehicle said that they were all employees of a man named Batyngshain Rynga.
: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) who had met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Dr. Nalin Mehta have left the meeting after alleging that the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital has They are treated like street children who want to cause trouble.
Areas that can do this will not be included in the list of hotspots and will be less likely to become hotspots.
Even now, these two villages have been in doubt whether they will be returned to Meghalaya because the Assam Government has been brave enough to visit these two villages.
In Shillong, the KSU has held a rally in front of the statue of Kiangnangbah opposite the Shillong Civil Hospital to express its opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
The meeting was attended by Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Rangbah Shnongs and other dignitaries.
I request the Health Department to tell us what is still missing to provide because when it is too late it is useless to report, from the Health Minister to the Chief Officers have to take responsibility while there is still time.
This celebration is also part of the efforts to awaken the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep and to raise awareness of the dangers facing the nation in these times and also as part of bringing unity among the people. paid by Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
Regarding this, the invitation to hold a public hearing to testify on the shooting death of Meghalayans on 22.11.2022, was placed at Assam House inside the meeting room in Shillong on /08/2023 to listen if there are any witnesses.
At this meeting, the union also expressed the low salary of 400 tyngka per day in this world. The union has urged the Governor of the state to talk about this. the problems faced by the staff of NEHU.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Border Security Force Meghalaya Frontier today celebrated the Azadi Day and visited 65 schools in the border areas. area adjacent to these and conduct various programmes.
The Chief Minister has confirmed that the entry and exit point at Umling, Ri Bhoi District will be implemented in the first month of November.
Nelson Mandela (July 18, 1918 – Dec, 5, 2013) – also known as Madiba (the name of the clan) inspired us to fight through dialogue, peace and He was indeed one of the last great men of this century.
The union confirms that there will be no community transmission in the district even if there are cases of infected people because the quarantine facilities have been completed. "Suicide Mission" and the government has to take responsibility if there is a spread of the disease after this.
Recalling that the Tree felling Act in 1996 has affected the entire West Khasi Hills, Bah Erwin understood that the current Act means that the Central Government will not own it. the forests are many, including the fields where there is no cultivation.
In this regard, the government has issued a government notice to the officers who can register cases against those who commit crimes and according to Section 22 of the MMDR Act, the officers can submit a written notice to the court. Replying to a supplementary question, the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police have been directed to take the necessary action according to the decision of the NGT. Those caught smuggling coal will be fined T.5 lakh and imprisoned for five years.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17-Shillong North, while expressing his support to the drivers, today said at a public meeting held at Motphran where he demanded that the government you don't have to drive, you have to call and talk to the drivers immediately.
The weapons he brought with him during the raid were a rifle and several unused bullets.
Jowai, June 15: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Narpuh Circle and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills have unanimously decided to give their full support to the protest of the five organizations. to demand that the government should immediately repair the NH 44 road which has been destroyed since it was taken over by the PWD department of the state government which has left the country without doing anything or believing the demands of the people of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District and until now when it has been taken over by NHAI. The State Government has not taken action to listen to the demands of the four Sengs who have taken the lead in forcing the State Government through the PWD Department which should look after the The NH 44, which connects Meghalaya with Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur, has become a major traffic hazard. There are vehicles parked regularly due to the excessive damage and full of holes in the middle of the road which even if planted with kwai roots can grow and grow well.
Therefore, to implement the ILP throughout Meghalaya, the approval of the President of India is required.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Aam Aadmi Party leader has been arrested by the Enforcement Directorate on charges of corruption in India. the Liquor Policy.
It is expected that the National Medical Devices Policy, 2023 will contribute to the steady development of the medical device industry to meet the needs of the people, at affordable prices and by providing quality devices along with new design.
What is more important is dialogue and understanding among members of different political parties working within the group," he said.
They were arrested from Umsning area on Tuesday night.
There is no need to convene a special session for five days until no one knows. If they call for the dissolution of the House, there is no need to convene a special session. sha you President.
There was also a prize giving ceremony for the participants. There were traditional songs and dances prepared by the Hima Nongkhlaw to brighten up this day.
“At present, we don't know who are the owners of the shops or the owners of the land and who is the shopkeeper.
Therefore, I have decided to adopt a zero-tolerance policy for corruption.
The Mediation Act has helped to eliminate unnecessary litigation.
The residents of the area have informed the police and the police have rushed to the scene to take the necessary measures to remove the body from the scene. don't according to the law.
When the Assam Accord of 1985 failed to achieve its objectives, the ULFA became stronger and became a stronger group in the struggle against the Government of India.
The rally was led by Bluebell MLA R Sangma and Congress leader Mary Ann Pohshna.
The Chief Executive Members also invited all the leaders of political parties in India and the leaders of political parties in the state to attend the event.
The electoral roll has been accepted as released on 01.01.2018, the ECI has decided to use EVMs and VVPATs in this mid-term election and the ECI has accepted all ways to make this election a success.
Shillong, March 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the election contest between the parties in the government is good because as parties they have their own ways of thinking and have to express their feelings.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Mr Hamphrey L Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Lyngdohship, Mr Tyllilang Myrthong, Secretary, Mr Kestonbel Manik Syiem, Dy Syiem, Dy Syiem, Hima Nongkhlaw Syiemship, Mr SJ Lyngdoh Mawnai, Mr Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Hima, Mr Manbha Kyndoh, Dolloi of Narpuh Dolloiship and Mr C Lamare, Secretary of Narpuh Dolloiship.
The magistrates have taken the initiative to investigate the incident and to bring witnesses to the family members of these children. They were arrested on the complaint of Mariabiang Lyngdoh.
During the rainy season, these two villages cannot travel by car but have to walk due to the poor condition of the road and the lack of a bridge. River to connect these two villages.
Prof. SM Sungoh, Coordinator, Implementation Committee for NEP 2020 has been appointed by the University. you can't criticize or give advice.
Shillong, Lber 10: The appointment of Ministers in the Government is in the hands of the Prime Minister to choose the people of his choice. permission from the leaders of the organization.
The BSF during the lockdown has decided to disseminate information related to COVID-19 in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government.
After patiently waiting for the action to get underway, a huge cheer went up from the young cricketers when the umpires announced that play could finally take place.
“I have sent my resignation letter as Vice-President, TMC Meghalaya and President of Umroi TMC Block Committee from this moment onwards,” said Bah Goerge in his resignation letter sent to the State President of the party. and Mr. Charles Pyngrope.
Without disclosing the name of the rangbah, he said that the Hima Mylliem, which is in charge of the hill, has not cleared the area to protect it from the destruction of the hill. writing because everyday people visit the place for recreation.
Speaking to u , the president of Dong Mawpun Youth Association requested the areas from Laimer Shiteng , Laimer to Umlyngka not to throw garbage or plastic as it flows through the small streams They reached this stream because it is at the bottom of Umlyngka Village but this stream doesn't have to flow anymore because they have stopped because they don't come to check and clean.
The statement was concluded by the spokesperson of U Ma.
As we have witnessed in these days, the peace has been lost because it is no longer possible to drive on this road and most of the time when you go to school or work in the office you have to park your vehicles inside the road MG Road, IGP Point and fear has led many to increase the incident of traffic jam, said Bah Banshai Marbaniang and Bah Churchill Syiemlieh, Members of Meghalaya. Awaken Concern Citizens (MACC) said in a statement sent to the media.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Organization, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, said that NESO expresses its deep sorrow over these incidents especially after the fire broke out at the UCM office including Macha Leima School. He said that AMSU has refused to participate in politics and has never been involved in politics. nor in any bloodshed in any form.
Byrnihat, Nailur 17: The 43rd Conservation Training for the year 2015-2016 was held today at the Conservation Training. Institute in Byrnihat, where the Minister in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, was the chief guest.
He said that all liquor shops and wine stores in the district should be closed from this date to the 9th of this month, in order to bring about a clean and fair election for MPs.
The National Digital Tourism Mission (NDTM) aims to connect through digital means those involved in the tourism industry like the National Health Mission.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The NEFIP, led by the CoMSO of Meghalaya, will hold a sit-in protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in Meghalaya. 3.10.2019 from 11.00 am to 5.00 pm at the Shillong Monastery.
During this visit, I will also inaugurate the first Hindu Temple in Abu Dhabi.
He said that if the BOP is set up in Riad Tyrso and Thadrang, it doesn't make sense because they are 20 to 30 km away from these villages and they have to pass through Mawlasnai road. Listen to this statement from the elders of the area.
Through the continued initiatives of the Government, many of the States have implemented the PESA Act and we are encouraging the remaining States to do so.
There are 1 cases in East Khasi Hills District 1, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills. , and West Garo Hills 1.
Gamrik K Sangma Secretary Tura MPYC and other MPYC office bearers in Garo Hills were also present on the occasion.
To mark the birthday of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, there was also a fish release in the Umsohlang River at Nongkren along with a tree planting ceremony.
Speaking to SP News Agency, two women who came from Larnai village in West Jaintia Hills District said that the construction of these earthworks has been carried out inside the village for many years. pateng bynriew and now there are only a few households left who are still doing this work.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has opposed the replacement of the President of the MPCC for personal reasons and not from the AICC. even Vincent H nutmeg.
The people of the village have not allowed him to resign from the post of Rangbah Shnong.
In this election, it was said that a Khasi is not the chief minister, but the answer received from Garo Hills is that out of 24 constituencies, the party has won 18 seats. MUDA violated the rules by throwing stones at the police and one of the journalists was also injured.
“They are afraid to work in the COVID wards.
To show the cleanliness along the road from Umsherpi to Mawphlang, many people have been deployed along the road to clean up the plastic bags spread by the public.
Minister Duh said that this victory is due to scientists.
Shillong, July 02: Air Vice Marshalveen Bhatt today assumed charge as Head of Eastern Air Command.
In his speech, the Chief Minister congratulated these doctors who have joined the government and said that they should understand what they are doing for the sake of serving the people. and they will work with the expectation that they will help provide health care to the chronically ill.
Namsaw said the results were announced in November 2012 and 45 candidates passed out of which only 8 candidates were appointed and after that they stopped.
Witnesses were immediately called to the scene of the truck and with the help of the guards, the coins of the fuel tank were removed from the chamber where it was found that the bottles of Phensedyl were loaded.
Nicholas Marwein, General Secretary of the HSPDP West Khasi Hills, said that the present government is a government that has been accused of corruption more than the Congress government.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to
The Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah, Magistrates, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S. Nongtnger and other police chiefs visited the scene.
The party warns such people and groups that if they misuse the above for the sake of their own name and honor, it will not hesitate to use physical force against them.
The discussions that have yet to be arranged are to inspect the remaining coal in the areas and after that they will arrange how to do it in collaboration between CIL and the state government, he said. to Conrad.
The group also said that since Pa'iem Amossingstar Malngiang took over the throne in 2010, he has not convened the Dorbar Pyllun of the KHADC. The kingdom that was transformed into the Son of a thousand to remain in darkness to this day.
The three persons who alleged that they cannot appeal to the government, district administration or civil sub division why they have to go to the governor, said that the Bengalis who have been living in the state for a long time have At the same time, he urged the public not to spread false news.
They are Umkiang Holy Cross High School, Narpuh Modern High School Umkiang, Christian High School Lumshnong, Divine Word High School Lumshnong, KJP Synod School Thangskai and Chiehruphi High School.
It is learned that the child was alone inside the vehicle and the vehicle was locked from inside the vehicle. Why this child was found in the area as the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, the Seng will also consider and request the cooperation of the neighboring Dorbar Shnongs so that we can eradicate many of the evils which have started to spread through the presence of drug dealers. At the same time, the Seng warns those who are still playing chess that if they are found again, the Seng will take other measures for the betterment.
This will make it easier or help the students to make choices so that they can pass better.
The CSWO demands that the suspect should be punished according to the law.
He said that the 13 parties support the MRSS Act, this is only one of the measures, the 13 parties have not yet turned away from the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
This evening it was learned that many of the shopkeepers have destroyed their shops by burning the places in front of their shops and the destruction by building khilon in front of their shops by those who more get more court.
The total number of cases in the districts is 1, East Jaintia Hills 65, Ri Bhoi Hills 3 and West Garo Hills 6.
The BSF has started its activities in the new year by opening this school which they have improved. The purpose of improving this school is to raise the standard of education of this school to higher levels.
The HYC has been donating food items to various villages since the beginning of the curfew and continues today to help the poor families due to the curfew to fight against COVID-1 .
There is also a need for increased funding for public awareness, supported by local media, and education for smokers, to address myths about tobacco use and encourage support them to stop using and these are things that are very important.
On this occasion, she urged the MLAs of different districts to give their suggestions to the government on how to improve the reach of the people.
After the discussion, the leaders expelled those foreigners and stopped the Aadhar registration and urged the Agency to stop immediately.
Shillong, Lber 12: Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM) today visited the Secretariat and KHADC to break the boundaries and to ask how the Assam government while in the middle of the border talks has broken the boundaries. in Ri Bhoi District.
What has made it worse is that the authorities have promised to remove and cut the salaries of the protesters to demand their rights.
The Mawmot was built with a donation from Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar under the MDC scheme to commemorate the elders who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the state on 21st July 1972 by the Minister. Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India, did not attend the ceremony.
He said that this year too, about 10 crore tree seedlings will be planted in different places and in the next three years the target is to plant 1 million trees in 1000 hectares.
Regarding this treatment, people will no longer be sent outside the state as it is available in the state to treat them as Brainstem Evoked Response Audiometry (BERA) can now be done. If you go outside the state, the cost will be between T.2500 to T.3000 tyngka.
“The Nongthliew area needs a good and adequate education system.
The demand for the BSF has been going on for a long time and the reason for the demand is that the BSF are a threat to the people of the area. They harassed the people who walked, stood and carried goods and even touched the hands of women and children.
However, the cleaning has been stopped after midnight and the reason is unknown, but what the tourists want is whether the cleaning is from the state government or the army to complete the cleaning. .
They immediately went to Kyrdemkulai village to inspect the household of Thaneh Warjri and when they found out the truth, they immediately prepared relief measures.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the truth about the location of the shop.
The Chief Guest was accompanied by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle who is also the Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle.
The nine arrested were identified as Joynal Abedin, 29, Ajijul Haque, 32, Shohidul Islam, 22, Sanowar Hossain, 24, Mohiruddin Ali, 23, Intaj Ali Fakir, 48 and Fajal Haque, I'm from the state of Assam.
The people in this position to serve the people should take the decision to work in their own capacity to maintain unity and peace in the country. Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laoo, Home Minister Roshan Warjri, GAD Minister HDR Lyngdoh, GAD Minister Kennedy Khyriam Parliamentary Secretary, Government officials from the Chief Secretary and others. They were present on this day to take the oath to bring unity in the country.
Speaking to media, Kumar said the Mahotsav is a platform for economic opportunities.
This action of him which is slow and lyndet has made it like a slap in the face to the LYWA and the people because until this moment HS Shylla has insisted that he issued NOC only for the construction of the road. and not to mine uranium.
He said that he will not discuss this issue with the Chief Minister for the purpose of arranging the jyrwit jyrwat for the RSBY. public interest.
Those working to protect Meghalaya from the COVID-19 pandemic have played a major role in curbing the spread of the disease.
In terms of revenue from the sale of kwai in 2019-2020 it will be T.173.03 crore and in 2022-2023 the revenue from the sale of kwai will be T.173.03 crore. It has reached T.382.22 crore, which shows an increase in the production of rice due to the lack of rice cultivation.
The protest was held before the start of the Board Meeting at the State Convention Centre.
The union also urges the KHADC to take up these issues with the CM and the Ministry.
The UDP has requested the PCF to support the UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
Starting from this year, the Government has included pre-primary schools under the program and the target is to implement the program in 11226 schools including 7938 lower primary schools and 3288 schools. upper primary.
Besides, there was also a prayer which means the restoration of the water and this was completed by the Organizing Secretary. used as sum, sleh, clean, drink to eat, followed by the prayer of food or the prayer of God to him to be able to eat a little bit to become a strong food to take home and to throw himself into his arms to be a protector of mankind.
At this session, the government will release the full budget for the 2014-2015 fiscal year.
Regarding the loss of shops, he said that the exact figure cannot be obtained as the sale of goods varies from one shop to another. it was a thousand dollars.
After the appearance at Sardar Police Station, members of HITO went to the Secretariat to break the placards they had written to condemn the appearance. Members of the party along with the march shouted on the road and when they reached near the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the police blocked the road. members of the party also fought against it.
He urged the people to come and visit this village and area.
The district has been in darkness due to the collapse of electricity posts.
On the other hand, the union has urged the PWD department to take action and repair the Maweit road so that the daily traffic of the people will not be affected, according to a statement sent by the union. Bah Pynshai Kharbani, Information Secretary, Maweit Area Government Union.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Unidentified persons on Tuesday robbed a Scorpio vehicle which was allegedly used by the police.
They included Dr. Naren Hazarika, Sr.
Speaking to reporters, Bah MH Riang said that the government should have a policy in the recruitment of nurses that should include 50% of those sent by the government to study. and 50% self-funded in this study.
Dr Moushumi Dey, Faculty Member, History Dept, Women's College, Shillong spoke on the topic “Ladies Freedom Fighters: Unsung Heroes of Meghalaya”.
On the same day, Brenda Lalmalsawmie phoned her to inform her that the donation had arrived in Delhi and to receive the donation she had to pay 1000 tyngka.
“So far, the beginning of the talks has taken place under the leadership of our former Vice Chairman.
The deterioration of this road is excessive but the government has left it unrepaired.
With the aim of empowering farmers and promoting economic growth in agriculture, the initiatives under the program strive to facilitate access to agricultural inputs, knowledge and livelihood improvement services. of farmers and promotes the economic development of the country.
This army is not only on the border to protect the border of the country, but has also worked to fight against insurgency in the country especially against insurgents within the country. Country.
Every effort has been made to strengthen justice and transparency at all levels.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this place should not only be a doctoral school but should be at the helm of modern research.
When we have our own land we can cultivate to support ourselves and do it ourselves. By doing this we as a nation will be able to solve our own problems instead of waiting for the Government of India to do it ourselves. you can solve your problems.
) Eureka Lyngdoh, Dy Chairman, MSPB, Shri.Grithalson Arengh, Dy Chairman, MSPB, and Shri.Abdul Hussain Sarkar, Dy Chairman, MSPB.(SP News).
The Tipkur Tipkha is the beginning of the establishment of the family called 'Ka Shongkha'
The party's refusal to meet with the Union Home Minister is because the visit of the Home Minister is not for government purposes. part of the party.
The British saw this during World War I and took it to England and then to America.
The government has already inspected all the places in the state where to place them and this will be the last visit.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills, after talks with the members of the Seng, has sent for the names of those who have been destroyed and the compensation will be paid to these jhur vendors.
The meeting was attended by MPCC Chief Minister DD Lapang and KHADC CEM PN Syiem. The meeting was the only way for them to work together to strengthen the party. .
Neither the Executive Committee nor the opposition is ready to bring any issue for discussion in the House.
He said that NHIDCL has two major projects in the district, one from Ranikor to Baghmara and one from Lad Mawphlang to Ranikor.
The seized goods were handed over to the Custom Office for further action according to the rules of law.
On this occasion, the police also accompanied the march to ensure that the march will be smooth without any incident.
In West Khasi Hills, Shallang and Rambrai, Bahabari, Adogre, Dainadubi and Nongkrem in East Khasi Hills District, the government is looking into all these. .
On the allegation against the EC that it has paid bills to the contractors, it is groundless. What they have paid is only for the emergency needs of the office.
Thus, the snap cannot be understood in its own way.
The party will complete the formation of the unit by November this year.
New York is the richest city in the world, according to a report released in 2023. In New York City, there are 3,40,000 residents of the city. Henley & Partners.
The driver of the bus has been arrested since the 30th and action has been taken against him according to the provisions of the law. they were together when they were children.
When it is their duty, they should have investigated those who do not have a license.
This increase in the number of patients every day is due to the fact that the people understand and appreciate the treatment at the hospital.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Sohra United Sports Social and Cultural Club (SSC) on Tuesday held a ceremony to honor the students who have passed well in various examinations of the students of the area. Sohra Headquarters Hall.
On whether there is any difference of opinion with the UDP in the EC of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that so far there is no difference of opinion. to work together, but one or the other cannot say that.
There are 8.85 lakh ASHAs in India and out of these 7.99 lakh ASHAs have medical certificates.
Shillong, July 29: There is no need to pay any fee for the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme. to buy a stove without paying interest.
The KSU has questioned whether Meghalaya is only trying to win by bringing in foreign players or whether it is trying to develop the children of the state so that they can improve in various sports.
On the other hand, the party cannot accept and at the same time it should explain to the public so as not to cause insult or insult.
To prevent any inconvenience, the DC said that it has been decided to enforce Section 144 CrPC and the fourth rule of the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease, COVID-19 Regulations,
Those who took part in the welcome speech were Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah, Pyniaidsing Syiem, Titosstarwell Chyne, Karnes Sohshang, Paul Lyngdoh, Latiplang Kharkongor, Lambor Malngiang, Teiborlang Pathaw, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Martle Mukhin, Alvin K Sawkmie, PN Syiem Chairman of KHADC and others.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Ten doctoral students from Assam who have been denied admission to government doctoral colleges in Assam have said that they will stage a protest. which has been hungry since morning.
Superintendent of Police (WSP) VS Rathore said that they have issued an arrest warrant against Bernard N Marak, owner of Edenbari Resort, for disobeying a police order.
After arriving at the District Library Auditorium, a quiz on the topic “A Massage of Hope” was conducted by Miss Dakapaya Bareh Counselor VHAM, Jowai. Miss Iutran Passah of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the first prize and Mr. Anjani Singh of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the second prize. Mr. Duiatra Challam and Mr. Nehemiah Sungoh of Sein Raij Higher Secondary School, Jowai and the fourth place went to Mr. Barister Swer of Miss Bianghun Kyndait.
: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) has continued to search for Sidharth Chhetri, 16, who drowned while swimming in the Urkaliar River on Sunday.
The Committee will look into the reasons why the people of this area have been affected and at the same time find ways and means how to provide protection to them. law that can do this.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Shad Nongkrem, which is part of the religious festival of the Hima Khyrim, has increased with the participation of thousands of children of the Hima and especially with the influx of foreigners. state to witness this most conspicuous ceremony of the Empire, as the days and years passed.
At the same time, the implementation of development projects will continue as usual.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Bisco Khongngain has lodged a complaint with the Sohra Police Station on the 19th of this month against a man named Deny Jyrwa.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday admitted four days later that it was the group that detonated the IED bomb in Iewmawlong on Saturday night.
Gilly Burn, Leader of Palliative Care in the UK, was the chief guest.
The physical training was led by Rahul Gora. On this occasion, awards were also given to those who have excelled in various sports and activities during their training. There was a lot of talk from the spectators on this day.
Volume II contains the statement (Part-I) and the appendix (Part-II).
He said that we have seen the hard work of the Khasi people in Narak Valley to unite and especially the KSU Barak Valley Circle which has worked hard for many issues. three hard good shah.
The farmers who came to participate were from Khweng, Laitsohpliah, Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin, Jowai, Unsning and Umkei.
Because they did not agree with the talks, the union has decided to hold a strike on taxis and buses in Meghalaya and this strike will be indefinite until the government gives any approval. in relation to this demand of the organization.
Because not only the loggers but many foreigners work in other types of jobs in the Hima Jirang.
Shillong, Lber 08: Answering a question by Syntar Klas Sunn MLA, Forest Minister James K Sangma today said that 26 forests have been constructed in the House. Eco friendly crematoriums are known as crematoriums.
This amount of T.1.59 lakh crore is out of the amount of more than T 1 lakh crore (based on revenue) which is scheduled to be released to the statutory States and UTs this year. budget.
Before attending the BJP public meeting at Polo Ground, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the school from Shillong-Nongstoin and Tura. The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Governor of Meghalaya Ganga Prasad, Tura MP Conrad K Sangma and Union Ministers.
The Committee has also decided that this competition will be held only for the youth of 7 trep 7 Skum as it was held last year at the 1st Mr.7 WASA Body Building & Fitness. The championship was won by Pynshngain Langpen.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) as part of the celebration of the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Alphabet, will hold a public explanation and promotion of the Khasi language in 5.5.17.
In terms of participation, Uttar Pradesh topped the list with nearly 80 lakh participants, followed by Maharashtra with more than 29 lakh participants and Gujarat with more than 23 lakh participants.
On this occasion, the party said that they will work hard for the victory of the party in the MDC election from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency.
The total number of samples taken so far is 127589, 127589 have tested negative and 937 samples are pending. The total number of samples has returned to 38953 so far.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Samla Moonkingstar L Paliar, President of HYC Umdohlun Circle, visited the uranium mining sites in Jynrin South West. Khasi Hills District is still in existence.
However, through this RTI, it was found that there are two projects which have been completed but the amount of money paid has not been revealed. Not only that, the RTI reveals that the expenditure of the Lamphang alone on the food security from 2008-2009-2010, 2011, 2012 has reached 2,15,281 tyngka.
Shillong, November 22: Former Governor of Meghalaya, Banwari Lal Joshi, passed away today at the AIIMS Hospital in Delhi after a long illness.
We are here to shed light," he added.
However, the surprising thing is that all these illegal immigrants have been able to ring light and how the authorities have not taken action and have remained silent.
Speaking at the camp, N.Mohondas Singh, Joint Director & Regional Head, NSSO(FOD), RO Shillong stressed the importance of ASI data in calculating the GDP of the country and requested to all industries for own preparations and timely remittance of payments.
The project will fund infection prevention and control in order to fight any pandemic or other health crisis.
Everyone suggested that the curfew should continue.
The same letter was also sent to Gigur Myrthong, Leader of the Parliamentary Party and Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Parliamentary Secretary, KHADC. Alvin K Sawkmie, the party has not yet commented on them in a letter sent to the media this evening.
Shillong, November 14: The Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya today held a soh niamtra festival at the State Central Library where farmers from all over the state participated. Meghalaya came to take part in the exhibition of soh produced in their area.
It is learned that there was a clash between the opponents and supporters on this day and the police who were present at the scene were able to stop the clash between them and it did not happen. there is nothing unpleasant happening.
The flag of the North East Olympic Games was handed over to John Kharshaiing who later handed over to the Chief Mission of Nagaland, Neilyalie Angami. come.
Tura Parliamentary Seat: In the four constituencies, North Garo Hills has 80.84 per cent.
The Prime Minister said that to talk about how to solve the problems, when talking should not take from what he thinks is right because many people stand up to talk on the basis what they stand for.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Bah Kyntiew Khongshei, Sordar of Raid Mawshuit and other Sordars of the 12-Shong area under the Hima Sohra, on Tuesday said that the government should recognize the 22 villages. the song is known as the village of Kongthong.
On this occasion, the KNGC leaders urged the DC to increase the number of seats for the students in the Government Boy and Girls HSSLC for class 11 and class The problem is that other colleges like Thomas Jones College have lost too much admission and the poor cannot afford it.
As the Rangbah Shnon, Bah K Syngkli requests and urges the government to pay the compensation of this family as this house is in danger and the collapse of this road has increased. and the fall was terrible.
Shillong, November 16: MeECL employees today launched a strike at the head office in Lum Jaishai to demand the release of MeECL. salary of the employees which has been paid for more than two months.
It may be recalled that police have arrested Bernard on charges of involvement in the use of Edenbari as a crime scene and police have also arrested 73 persons including the managers of the place.
The batch number issued by the Quality Assurance Department is MMDSL QC
Regarding the road from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat, they have sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Cornad. K Sangma today visited Mawkyrwat.
Jowai, Nailar 07: Leaders of the Jowai Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) today met with the CEM and Executive Secretary of JHADC to seek clarification on the issuance of an order. The Executive Committee said that those who work within the Council are no longer eligible to be Rangbah Shnong and have been ordered to resign from the post of Rangbah Shnong within 20 days.
The meeting, which was convened by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, urged the government and the opposition to work together to protect the people. There is an increase in the number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state but the government has not been able to control it.
The KSU has questioned whether if coal can be imported from Guwahati, then why the government has not allowed the people of the state who have been mining coal for 40 years or more even now.
The KNWO has organized a ceremony to honor Samla Barihun Kharlukhi and 11 other students from the village who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations.
At the same time, they urged the government to take action to complete the dam for the benefit of the people, as it is now paid for.
These teachers in LP Schools and UP Schools have demanded that the government should increase them by 100 percent like the teachers of SS Schools and HSS Schools. 6000/- tyngka should receive T.12000/- and those who receive T.8000/- in UP Schools should receive T.16000/-.
The Empowered Committee, Delhi handed over the citizenship certificates to the applicants in New Delhi on the 15th of this month. January, 2024.
The peace talks are now under the leadership of the Vice Chairman of the party. The government has forced the Chairman and General Secretary to come to lead the peace talks.
Shillong, Lber 29: Two persons from Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19, the Director of Health Services (DHS) today said. 26 people.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of JHADC, MB Rymbai, CEM, has allegedly withdrawn Rs 43.50 lakh in the name of JHADC. of an elderly man from Sohmynting, Coming Pyrtuh and allegedly signed his name forged.
In this regard, the JSU urges the JHADC and especially the EC under the leadership of Mr. Thombor as CEM to expedite this work so that the people will not face any more problems in getting this. The Non Encumbrance Certificate as in the past where they have to pay a high fee to the Registrar Department of the DC Office to register their land to get this Certificate.
“We pray that peace will return to Manipur.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Ministry of Tourism has encouraged the people to take up schemes to welcome international tourists. He said that this scheme is implemented for people who want to build accommodation for tourists in their homes.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today visited Ganesh Das Hospital for vaccination against COVID-1
It is on these grounds that the employees have demanded that the Board should close down and on that basis this decision was taken.
At the same time, the union has visited several places where there are no network towers and inquired from the security guards.
On Thursday, the Minister will address a mothers' meeting at Mawprem and after that he will visit the Church of North India.
“The HNYM is ready to fight against the government if the implementation of the Roster System continues since 1972,” said Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the HNYM. HANM of Shant Ri War Mihngi through its President Bah Shaibor Nongrum has strongly condemned the government's implementation in Riad Rngian which has resulted in the death of a man in the area in the landslide of stones and vehicles passing by. This is the road to Pynursa.
As the party sees that the problem of the party is drug abuse, the party does not want to see the youth win.
We cannot understand this answer from the Government.
His book 'The Fables of Aesop' (1920) and his poem 'Duitara Ksiar' (1925) among others have become the most famous books in Khasi-Jaintia and are read by all students. even to the great men.
They said that what they are pleased with is that there is no more smuggling where the buyers have bought the goods they brought and there is no smuggling at present.
The tree planting ceremony was attended by not only officers but also by the families of the soldiers. The tree planting ceremony was also held at the Border Outposts on the border with Bangladesh.
You can join hands with cleanups in your neighborhood or a public place, or a water park or any other place.
The fire brigade came and extinguished the fire within 10 minutes.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 569 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4534 out of 2497 people are still in critical condition. in East Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was present and took part as the Chief Guest.
: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the bomb blast on the 23rd of this month at the AII Manipur Students' Union (AMSU) at DM University Campus, Thangmeiband, Imphal. , which led to the death of one student identified as Oinam Kenejy, a student of DM College while another student identified as Salam Michael, a student of DM College was seriously injured.
The purpose of this distribution is to encourage the farmers to use their skills to improve their agriculture in the face of shortage of labourers.
The Government will send a letter to the Central Government to release the entire state of Meghalaya.
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has marked the 151st death anniversary of Garo freedom fighter Pa Togan Sangma.
The approval team announced by the Central Government for the two COVID19 vaccines, Covaxin and Covishield in the country by the DCGI is based on the following: overseas vaccinations every 6 months or upon receipt of these experiences, whichever is sooner.
On these issues, the union urges the government to implement these two laws as soon as possible by appointing District Task Forces.
According to the Gram Sabha, the election will be conducted by the Deputy Commissioner and all the residents can elect the office bearers of the committee.
He said that until now there has been no problem between the two District Councils, JHADC and GHADC. When the KHADC does not have the maps of the Himas and the Council, this creates a problem. To avoid the problems that they will face, it is better for the Council to ask for the maps of the Himas.
Prestone said the Cabinet has accepted the proposal and the Model Code of Conduct will come into force from the date of publication of the election notice.
The two parties in the MDA government, the ruling NPP and the supporting UDP, will contest the MLA election from Sasella.
Other discussions in the Cabinet today were on the Ministry of Health and others which the Cabinet has not taken any decision on as it has been sent back to the government departments for further review. and brought back to the Cabinet for a decision.
When these minerals are removed from the list of atomic minerals, the exploration and mining of these by individuals and private groups will be opened up.
Answering a question on what it means not to look too much at the agreement to respect each other, the two Chief Ministers explained that as states, they have to respect what they have said by the Chief Ministers. Those who have gone and are now willing to take the necessary measures to resolve this issue as the Central Government wants.
Major imports received on 8 June 2021 from Canada, Thailand, Netherlands, Austria, Czech Republic, Israel, USA, Japan, Malaysia, US (GILEAD), US (Salesforce) and Indian persons These include Oxygen Concentrator (2404), Remdesivir (25,000), Ventilator (218), Testing Kit (6,92,208).
The union decided to hold this after discovering the spread of drugs in the area which has destroyed many youths and families in the area.
“I pray that the soul of this great man will rest in peace,” said Conrad K Sangma.
Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that due to the night school examinations and to ensure the smooth running of the examinations, the night curfew on the 20th and 21st of this month will start from 9 pm. in the evening and will end at 5 pm.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the ASHAs need gloves and hand sanitizers, but those who have to visit those who may have COVID-1 High Risk patients need PPEs.
This is the second time that the police have been able to raid such a large hideout of the GNLA members. .
Shillong, Nailur 25: Two women's organizations (CSWO) and KWWADA today turned to the Additional Secretariat to hold a protest at Shillong but the police did not allow them. You can take them to the student field.
Minister of Children, Independent Charge, Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region and Minister of Children, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Department of Atomic Energy and Department of Space, Dr. Jitendra Singh and Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K Sangma inaugurated the conference on 8th July.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of State for Housing and Urban Affairs Hardeep Singh Puri and government officials from ASI and NBCC to oversee the preparations for the commemoration. The 100th anniversary of the Jallianwalla Bagh Massacre will be celebrated in
Among the BJP office bearers, Vice President JA Lyngdoh has been elected from the North.
This center will promote cooperation between the various members of the Karmayogi Mission.
It has been extended nationwide from 1st July, 2015 to deliver LPG subsidy directly to the bank accounts of LPG consumers. As of November 13, 2019, there were 25.84 crore LPG consumers connected. and PAHAL scheme and T.1,22,666.82 crore has been deposited directly into the bank accounts of LPG consumers. production on 28 June 2019, with the aim of creating more jobs related to oil exploration, opening up opportunities for foreign companies to invest in this sector and promoting production of crude oil in the whole country.
To date, the world's largest rice harvest is 34.4 klio, which was produced in Hawaii.
On this occasion, the NPP leader urged the people to support the party. At this public meeting, he said that the election 2018 this year is very important for the party. If the NPP comes to power, the party will do things to improve the development of the state.
It provides information on statistics to monitor changes in economic growth and the status of manufacturing activities including manufacturing, maintenance, gas and water supply and sanitation and others.
According to the permission issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the strike will end at 4 pm tomorrow morning. The government will hear their grievances, said Bah Mawlieh.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the government has decided to appoint an Expert Agency or Expert Committee to investigate the allegation. There is a lot of radiation in the Domiasiat area from the tops of uranium waste.
The Seng also feels that the CRPF's land grabbing not only narrows the path of the river or endanger the houses near the river during the rainy season but also pollutes the river and destroys it. spirit of this Wah.
Journalists also attended the opening ceremony of the Media Centre.
In this regard, the union has prepared leaflets to explain to the public the losses and gains to the people and especially to MeECL which is now in debt, what the union does not understand is the price of Smart. The meter will cost up to T.9444 tyngka, while the Minister said it will not exceed T.3400/-.
Banteidor said that he has been working with World Vision India since 2014 when he was an MDC and this same spirit of cooperation will continue. Continue to achieve many of his goals to provide the best services for the welfare of the people in Mawkynrew Constituency and the state as a whole.
Ailin Dkhar, acting president of the JYF Women's Wing, said that all this is due to political reasons. by RTI.(SP News).
Tura, Sept 27: Meanwhile, leaders in Garo Hills have been busy preparing for the 30th of this month. On this occasion, the committee in charge of this day to commemorate the 9 people who died in the protest against the MBOSE. The District Administration has decided to give a midday holiday to allow the public to take part in this commemoration of the 9 deceased.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Congress party today welcomed four leaders to the party at a meeting held at Hotel Heiga, two of them, Bah PN Syiem MDC of KHADC and Bah Robert. G Lyngdoh, former MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party, have now returned to the party.
By doing so, it will prevent smugglers and other groups from committing activities against the country as a whole.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: Unidentified persons on Friday night at about 5 pm tied up Bah BNC Hamlet, policeman of IRNB at Pyndengshnong village. The incident occurred at Mawsynram Police Station.
On the other hand, the Union Minister of State for Sports in India has promised that the Union Government will support the State Government for the holding of the National Games.
If anyone is found to violate this provision, the law will take action against him.
Jrimson Shangdiar, 72, who has been suffering from rheumatoid arthritis for about 50 years, from Manad village, South West Khasi Hills District, was the first to be admitted to the hospital. .
Referring to the problems of the teachers, he said that there is a need to put forward the demands before the leaders and at the same time we should not just protest but there should be a way how to solve the problems.
He said that arrangements have been made to set up another office at Smit as part of the convenience of the people to meet with Bah John F Kharshiing, besides the office at Lumjingsuk, Demthring, Shillong.
The HYC also sought an explanation why the salary could not be released when the office had already accepted T Nongbri as a teacher of the school.
He said the party will go to other places in Shillong to ensure that they should not drink in public places.
In the percentage of pass percentage, West Khasi Hills 77.04%, East Khasi Hills 74.86%, Ri Bhoi 73.49%, West Garo Hills 60.39%, East Garo Hills 68.18% and South Garo Hills 0%. , South West Khasi Hills 82.93%, West Jaintia Hills 86.05%, East Jaintia Hills 6.25%, North Garo Hills 81.40% while South West Garo Hills did not take the examination.
The MDCs under the leadership of CEM Titosstarwell Chyne have met with the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister as a group of MDCs. He took note of this and said that they should release it and this too has appeared in the media, as the leaders understand the problems faced by the people especially the farmers.
Regarding the factory, the MCCEU has made it clear that they have nothing to say against or support because this is the responsibility of the government and the land owners. At this meeting, before the strike, Bah Diengdoh said that as a group, they have nothing to do with anything. Their struggle is to protect the workers of MCCL and how to ensure that the factory runs as it is.
Shillong, Lber 17: Anborlin Syiemlieh has been selected to represent Meghalaya at the Mrs India 2018 pageant to be held in Delhi on 01st June
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang said that for the constituency as a whole, as an MLA, he has allocated up to 1000,000 tins for the distribution to the poor households. of the Constituency.
According to sources, the leaders of various political parties have informed that the candidates of the candidates for the MDC elections will be nominated in the second month of this month.
He said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will announce the ban on the use of plastic on the 2nd of March.
There are 507 recoveries in East Khasi Hills District, 261 in East Khasi Hills District and 261 in East Khasi Hills District. There are 34440 members so far.
“Such an incident is unacceptable to the society,” said Balawan. “We will send a joint signature to the government in which the Rangbah Shnongs of the area will sign the agreement. “The KSU demands that the Government should take strong action against this robber who has no feelings for a child who is only 5 years old,” he said.
He said that if the government says that it does not have the money to meet the demand of the teachers, where does the government get the money to hold the festivals?
The bodies of these four persons have been recovered and buried according to the rules of law, said a statement sent from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The meeting was held at Mawsynram Indoor Stadium today.
The second time I was elected CEM, the opposition did not take part in the election, they abstained.
The call to demand that the MeECL should be handed over to the CBI to investigate the allegations of corruption within MeECL was led by Bah A Dkhar and the employees who participated in the strike joined in the call.
The reason why the village has not given permission is that the villagers are still angry and unhappy about this, because the farm house is in the middle of the village and many houses are close together.
The Chief Minister, Cornad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has agreed not to count the elderly applicants in the Department of Textiles.
There are 13 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jainia Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 92,075 from the district.
Speaking to media, James said the decision was taken in accordance with the directives of the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the Union Government and the State Government has also decided to suspend the distribution of rice, sharak and tyndong lyer. it will be five years since the government issued the government notice.
This freedom is great for us because of our nature.
Shillong, July 01: The fight against 40 types of crimes especially drugs in Mawkyrwat area has been successful and for the first time all the Sengbhalang in South West Khasi Hills District, the , KSU, HYC, FKJGP, HITO & HANM have joined hands with the Mawkyrwat Village Authority from the VDP, Village Youth Wing, and Women Wing under the umbrella of JACSO with the aim of Drugs and other illegal drugs, starting from Mawkyrwat.
Students of Tyrsad Hihger Secondary School, St. Vianney English School Tyrsad, St. Vianney English School Tyrsad, Kyrphei Secondary School, youth organizations, youths of the village took part in the cleanliness drive. Members of FKJGP Tyrsad Circle and Tyrsad Area Sport Association (TASA).
The suspects who opened fire on the police today are believed to be members of the GNLA. There were between 6 and 7 suspects at the time of the shooting. They managed to flee to the forests of the area.
The meeting demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh should resign immediately to conduct a clean investigation. The meeting also demanded that the POCSO Act 2012 should be implemented along with the POCSO Act 2012 along with the POCSO Act The Criminal Law Amendment Act 2013 to ensure that the investigation should proceed and if anyone interferes in the investigation should be punished.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the two cases are one from Lachumier and 21 people who have been in close contact with him have been confirmed. Bah from Pynthor found that 23 people were close to him.
Umsning, March 15: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Traditional Medical Plan Board, KHADC, in his speech at the inauguration of the office bearers of the Khasi National Medical Association (SNDKN) held today at Umsning. , he announced that the KHADC will set up an Institute at Lum Sohpet Bneng to preserve herbal medicines.
It is true that this Rangbah does not lack words, but he does many things.
This action of the BSF has angered the residents of the Balat, Photkroh and Nongjri markets who have been supplying food items to the Balat, Photkroh and Nongjri markets. They are the ones who are planning to smuggle to Bangladesh.
The deadline for withdrawal of candidates who wish to withdraw will be on the 9th of this month.
The mission of this organization is to help the poor in the midst of suffering.
The most worrying thing for Pasadwar Village is that the income from the fishing industry has disappeared and it has been like this for a long time in the past years.
We need laws that can truly enforce education, explanation and proper advice to avoid corruption.
For example, a member who withdraws the money after 2 years and 5 months of contribution and a salary of 15,000/- per month receives T.29,850/-.
The Union would like to take this opportunity to extend its special greetings and best wishes to all the teachers on this Teachers' Day and may God bless them and give them more knowledge to knowledge in order to carry out their duties properly.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: Four organizations including the AJYWO Sengkmie, KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, HNYF-East Jaintia Zone and FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, on Saturday, discussed the issue of: The four parties have decided to look into the situation within 10 days since the announcement of this statement in the newspapers to see if the government will repair it in the right manner. The government has completed the NH 44 road.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked hard to accelerate economic growth in the North East.
Shillong, March 03: U Bah Edward Kurbah, General Secretary of the Mei-Sin Kurbah Association, has sent a letter to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the amendment of the Khasi Customs and Lineage Act.
Leaders of the KSU who attended the meeting included Samla Donal Thabha General Secretary of the KSU and other leaders of the KSU from various departments.
We are not surprised, therefore, that the saying goes, "The more people, the more trouble"
In the morning, there was also a public announcement through government officials in which they explained to the people how they should act in the villages to prevent the spread of the disease. contact the number
Shillong, Lber 36: Replying to a question by JM Tynsong of the Congress party, EM in charge of Labour, JB Basaiawmoit, said that the Executive Committee has no intention of issuing labor licence.
There are 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in East Khasi Hills. Eight BSF personnel have recovered. The total number of recoveries has risen to 1049 and 10 deaths.
The JAC Chairman said that their demand for the Block has been since 2018 and they have followed up on it and today it has been approved and the Block will be named Lumshnong C&RD Block.
Referring to the return of students and workers abroad, Prestone said that when they return they have to stay at home for 14 days and the government will provide food for them. All the households should not leave the house to clean within these 14 days.
Jowai, Lber 20: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-CB) in a statement issued by the Vice President of the AJYWO, Bah JR Siangshai, has strongly condemned the assassination of the President of the AJYWO-CB. The JYF has condemned the bloodshed that took place in East Jaintia Hills District this morning.
The meeting also discussed how to promote tourism and health as many people from Bangladesh send for treatment abroad. .
The KSU urges all the Khasi youth who are taking part in this tournament in the North East to play well and to have the spirit of children and we hope that the youth athletes of the jaitbynriew will bring glory.
On this occasion, the KSU remembers with gratitude the contribution of this young man in the service of the Jaidbynriew through the KSU without counting or blaming himself.
To bring about development is only peace and to do that requires peace and it is the duty of everyone to think about this.
After returning, they submitted a report to the government and this work has remained pending and as the union they did not expect that this work is still going on, but it was on 15th November 2016 that the government and k They have signed a social agreement to implement the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya.
He said that peace has started to return to the area under the jurisdiction of the Mawlong Sirdarship. He said that as the Chief Executive Member, he wants peace so that the people can work for the day.
The party has made it clear that it will not accept any Article 371 if it abolishes the district councils but it will accept them if they come to work together.
He said the market is expected to reach T.4 lakh crore in the coming years.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Nongtnger, said that how can they receive the letter because there is no signatory, but they are still considering the letter.
The Garo Hills were included in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
Shillong, Naitung 06: The National Highway Construction Department (PWD) has directed the National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) Ltd (NHIDCL) to repair the collapsed well on GS Road, Ryndang, Mawlai.
HYC President, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “When we look at our surroundings, we witness that the streams have been polluted, the forests have been cut down and the environment has been polluted.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Ka KSU War Jaintia today lodged a complaint with the SDO of Amlarem regarding the unjustified torture of Dr. Seibok Buam of the Wildlife Department by the BSF while he was on his way to hunt.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association (MTTA) has urged the Meghalaya government to provide protection to the drivers of tourist vehicles as well as the passengers.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has requested the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District to They shall not delay to remove the illegal immigrants from this land.
All the villages have selected shops in their respective villages and townships, and the village authorities and CCMT will ensure that the residents do not leave their respective villages and townships for to purchase necessary items to avoid overcrowding or further spread of the disease.
On this basis, he cannot continue with the party and has taken this decision to leave the NPP. (SP News).
In the round of 16, Shillong Mihngi Circle beat Jaintia Hills District Unit by a tie breaker after a 1-1 draw.
Thousands of land plots have been purchased by cement companies in Jaintia Hills but they have not registered or informed the District Council that it is their responsibility to transfer them. “The land holding certificate has been purchased from the owner of the land. This shows that the companies do not respect the JHADC which has empowered them with the 6th Schedule,” said Bah P.Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie. .
The truck drivers said that on the day of Amit Shah's visit to Meghalaya, trucks coming to Shillong will be stopped.
On the other hand, Dr Ao said that his visit was to strengthen the party to prepare for the MLA elections in 2023 and during this visit he met with the office bearers of the party. the party and discussed how to strengthen the party.
Many of the candidates said that this action of the commission will help in the selection of names between those who have and those who do not have, but there was also the question whether the commission can act according to the rules. They have been appointed because they have violated the model code of conduct.
Once again, not with guns, but with the (Government of India) laws against the peace and stability of our people,” said the President of the KSU. “According to this law (CAA 2019) , who entered before 31st November, 2014 do not need to apply for documents and proofs but are welcome as permanent residents of India.
The Seng sends its condolences to the families of the four deceased from Mukroh, at the same time prays that the Creator will grant eternal rest to the souls of the deceased. dead.
They were initially from the Assam Police Force, but when the Bangla War broke out, they were taken into the BSF and sent to the BSF. They played against Pakistan in Bangladesh.
The problem faced by this road is in terms of land and the By-Pass from Sohiong to Lad Mawreng.
Larityngkai Lawriniang won the bronze medal in the Senior Women's 50kg Left Hand. On the men's side, Shanborlang Siangshai won the gold medal in the Para Standing Men's 70kg Left Hand and the gold medal in the Para-Standing Men's 70kg Left Hand. Standing (HI) Men's 70kgs Right Hand.
The four arrested were identified as Gopal Marak, Piliban Sangma, Tanay Marak, Nirupi Sangma and Milition Sangma. They are all from Aanandpur village of Snamugunj in Bangladesh.
The VRS scheme for MCCL employees is only for 2016, a total of 126 employees have taken advantage of this scheme.
The election is also a matter for the government and that is why he will submit this letter to the CEO today to demand that the candidates should be allowed to submit their certificates. If this does not work, they cannot go to court for clarification.
The announcement was made at the NIOS office in Laitumkhrah.
in.
He said that the government is struggling to solve the problems of the teachers, at the same time the teachers should understand to work with the government for the benefit of the students.
There were no injuries to the occupants of the vehicle.
Speaking to media, he said that the Conrad government today issued a government announcement that Tyrpad and Sohmarit have been declared as marrep from today.
Mr. Greenwell, one of the TB patients who agreed to receive support, was delighted to learn that someone in the community wanted to help him during his illness. care.
Explaining this, Prestone said the government found this at the time of sending the results of the tests, because they did not find the address where they gave the name of the village and even the phone number. I don't know.
Looking at Agatha Sangma's speech, if you look at all her speeches, she has spoken to liberate Meghalaya and the entire North East from the CAA,
Bah Pyniaid will lead the new Executive Committee under the umbrella of the Khasi Hills Democratic Forum in collaboration with the NPP with 12 MDCs and the Congress with six MDCs. Members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District (KSU) have conducted a search of the documents of the Spaika Company which is currently constructing the Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai road. pages of employees of this Company.
The Waheh Shnong was identified as Bah Kyrsiew Kharbihthai and a complaint has been lodged with the Jowai Police Station for not arresting the suspects. Musk.
After the meeting, the DHMO chief promised to take action on these demands of the union and try to do so as soon as possible.
There was also an essay writing competition on the theme, a skit and a poster drawing competition.
Amlarem, March 10: The Satpator Elaka has once again continued to award the children of the Elaka from one year to another and this is the fifth time of the awarding ceremony. Stephanson Mukhim (MLA) as the chief guest, Kennedy Shylla, Froviling Pakyntein, President K. Pohshna, President of Rangbah Shnong Union, Elders of the Elaka and Lem and students who were present.
New Delhi, November 22: The Minister in charge of Law and Justice, Kiren Rijiju in reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha today, said that the opening of Fast Track Courts (FTCs) will be implemented in the Rajya Sabha. and their operation is within the sphere of the State Governments opening such courts as may be appropriate to their business and resources.
Regarding the threat of the HNLC, the government in a statement issued today said that it stands firm on the basis of protecting the people to live in peace.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya have arrested a Bangladeshi Khar and three muid while he was trying to flee to Bangladesh on the border.
At this meeting, they decided to arrange the rooms for the school by reducing the class time so that the students of the school will not lose too much this year.
These are the illegal traders and smugglers, which means that the country does not have a law.
In an interview with these children, John Abraham praised the talent of the children and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) for working hard for many months to find the children who have the skills. Sports competitions across Meghalaya with the support of the State Government.
The government has set up checkpoints at Umroi Airport in Ri Bhoi District, Dawki in West Jaintia Hills District and Dalu in South Garo Hills. and Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister said that this will be only the beginning and if the number of cases of COVID-19 continues to increase, the government will be able to continue, the decision will be taken later. and the end of these three days.
NIO was released and these 66 oil and gas fields were sold by ONGC and OIL in the last month of July
Police said that two detonators, four fuses, tables, chairs, knives and sleeping bags were recovered from the scene. They managed to escape before the police arrived.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Forwardman Nongrem, KSU KSU SWKHD. Leaders of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, KSU SWKHD and others also delivered speeches of encouragement and encouragement.
During his visit to the market, he also greeted the shopkeepers where he saw the crowdedness of the market and the pollution and the water pipes which have affected the traffic of the people.
The march started from Mahadev Khula at 9 pm and today they will stop at Phynnulah village near Tyrsad and in the morning they will leave that place and reach Mawjymbuin Crematorium in the afternoon.
She also stressed the importance of the North Eastern States and the people of the region in bringing about change in the country including the introduction of a law that respects the people of India. .
“To randien by taking to the streets is not the way, but they should meet the Minister in charge of any pending matter,” said Bah Paul.
The Panchayati Raj department has made progress in its goal of empowering and supporting the PRIs themselves by linking the objectives of other Central Government departments with the participation of the people under the leadership of the state leaders and the strengthening efforts in this area in its time.
This project has also appeared in the media but until now as the organization we have not seen that the implementation and management of this project has started.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has congratulated the people of Assam, saying that this is an honor for the people of Assam.
He said that the campaign to bring about change in the constituency will be conducted across the villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongkrem Circle has sent a special greeting to the children of Hajar of the Hima Khyrim and all the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep for the 10th Anniversary of the Hima Khyrim. The Shad Pomblang or Shad Nongkrem is held at the Syiem Sad Square in Smit on the 24th and 25th of November.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Budget Session for the year 2020-21 will start on 13th October 2020 and end on the 26th of the same month.
Many of the speakers said that the violation of the law is by all the drivers and this puts the police in trouble.
At the same time, any MLA who comes later should be vigilant because this bridge at Ryngku is necessary for the benefit of the people living on the border with Bangladesh.
The government's failure to improve the road in such a way has caused suffering to the passengers due to the excessive deterioration of the road which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area.
All the people are invited to attend this day and there will be no collection of money from the people as this is their own business.
However, if Bah Weljone Syiemlieh withdraws money from the Professional Tax as it appears in the media, and deposits in the A/C of KHCF only Rs.50,00,0 Then Rs.90,00,000.00 he put for himself and there is nothing else to say, he has fallen into the punishment according to the law.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the companies, he said that some of them, such as JP Meghalaya Power Limited, which belongs to Kynshi Stage II, have withdrawn from the construction of the plant. There is no Kynshi.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, after closing the polling station after the deadline, till 6 pm, the turnout of voters according to the counting. was 69.91%.
The Director said that 12 people have recovered from the disease, 9 from East Khasi Hills and 3 from Ri Bhoi District. after.
From time to time, we have witnessed the arrest of foreigners in the states and the problems that the Jaidbynriew has faced and suffered through the violence against these invaders which happens from time to time. around the country.
The prize money for the women is T.10,000 for the winner, T.5,000 for the runner-up and T.3,000 for the third place team.
He said that the District Council should do something on this and pass laws regarding the appointment of the Basan so that there will be no conflict among the Kur. I don't know what to do, but I don't have anything to do with it.
This Christmas teaches us to respect each other with love and kindness, and to follow the teachings of the Lord Jesus in our daily lives.
WM Dkhar, Selection Grade, Govt.
He said that the MOTHER App recently saved the life of a mother who was in danger and refused to give birth to her child.
In particular, the MPHRC would like to say that “if in previous years tens of thousands of people have become refugees in the Sahsniang area, in 2005 about 40 houses have been burnt down by the enemy. In the past few years, there have been many lives lost by the Assam police in Langpih. Are you the only one who sees all these things? MPHRC has been arrested. (SP News).
What makes sense to say that the issuance of documents by the residents will help to curb the illegal entry of mynder because they will have to submit only epics, photographs and affidavits.
The state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister has met with the Home Minister Amit Shah and submitted the petition to him, said the Chief Minister's Symbut Prestone Tynsong.
On the other hand, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs in charge of DoNER has congratulated all the Armed Forces who have contributed a lot in the past 20 years and have worked hard to maintain peace and stability. especially on the occasion of Eid, on the occasion of the Independence Day of the country.
This is the 22nd session of the Youth Parliament organized by the Navodaya Vidhlaya Samiti, Chandigarh in collaboration with the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs of the Union Government.
Shillong, March 09: The 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda was celebrated by the Meghalaya Central Puja Committee (CPC) today in the capital.
She said that the government will assist these families who have suffered this incident.
The people should be vigilant at such times lest they be caught in an accident without thinking.
Like other colleges in Shillong which have merged with NEHU, SMU Shillong has also merged with SMU Sikkim under the auspices of the Governor of Sikkim. you are the Chancellor.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Jitendra Dkhar said that the Trust has three training courses for the disabled at the office of the Trust. .
for the purpose of testing whether the water is safe for human consumption.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Prime Minister said that when there is peace, the people have started to see development works.
It is impossible for these people to be able to provide peace.
He said that from today people have been able to withdraw money from 4500 ATMs for 2000 and one for 5000 and in a day they can withdraw T.24000/-. You can withdraw money from only one ATM or Debit card. If you have three or four debit cards, you cannot withdraw.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Roipar Kharraswai said that they have no choice but to take to the streets to demand their rights. to be received as employees.
On this occasion, awards were also given to the farmers.
Police seized 40 boxes of soap containing 559 grams of heroin from the vehicle. The vehicle was driven by Shaniah Kharmawphlang, 19, and his brother Daniel. Nongrum, 20, of Nongrah Nongpdeng, was arrested with a Pulsar bike ML-05-S-9
As the North Eastern Region of India has been severely affected by floods, landslides, earthquakes, these have affected the income of the people of this region, the lack of roads, such as Roads, railways, airports, lack of mobile networks, these are the obstacles to income generation.
This tea is produced by the Arsla Organic Tea Cooperative Society.
The Government of Meghalaya today exhibited the traditional dances of the state in New Delhi at Lal Chowk Theatre, Pragati Maidan as part of the Indian International Trade Fair (IITF) 2013, Kit and Government. The exhibition was attended by the Ministry of Agriculture, Horticulture, Commerce & Industries, Tourism, Forest, Soil & Water Conservation, Cooperative Societies, MHHDC, MKVIB, Fishery and the Directorate of Information and Broadcasting. government.
The Land Port at Dawki is an important scheme of the Government of India, which aims to promote trade between India and Bangladesh.
Except for a few games, we couldn’t bring in the talents.
“The construction of this new house of Bah Skhem Sohtun is not only because the group has a Christian spirit, but also because we are a nation that has known man and God since ancient times, the spirit of solidarity, the a spirit of compassion, a spirit of love, a spirit of reaching out to help and uplift each other,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Shillong Municipal Board today sent its personnel to spray the Iewduh and surrounding areas this morning.
All the Presidents of the Districts of the State were present at the meeting.
The tournament was closed with a ceremony, dance and especially a song and dance performance by famous singers including Ahlyna, Gracel Ropmay, Banjop, Lamphang Syiemlieh. physically exercise all the players before they leave for their respective states.
To address this issue, the Meghalaya government has appointed a High Level Committee (HLC) to look into the matter. place.
The new Governor of Meghalaya, while taking oath today, before the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, took the oath in the name of God.
As it appears from the comments of the people this night inside the FB Deity Commissioner Nongstoin, many of them have expressed their regret over this untimely dismissal.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: In 2017 alone, the BSF has seized up to 3000 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh. border and to find new ways to arrest smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh.
Active participation in competition, quiz, and drawing was also witnessed.
Shillong, November 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the incident which happened in East Jaintia Hills when 13 coal miners were trapped inside a coal mine due to a landslide is a tragic incident. The Government is concerned about them.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem. At the time of writing, the name of the deceased has not been released.
The Spokesperson of the State Government, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, on Tuesday said that the State Government still wants to move forward with the peace talks with the armed groups. the law of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
On the other hand, the NPP Ranikor Block has requested former MLA Martin M Danggo to remain in the party as he has decided to leave the Congress party on the grounds of creating the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. The NPP party under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister and Prestone Tynsong as the Deputy Chief Minister.
U Bah Pyniaid would like to thank all the MDCs who have given their cooperation during his tenure as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in KHADC who have given their cooperation in all aspects. cooperation.
He informed them that it is necessary for them to be ready to convene the Dorbar Ri in a short period of time as there may be discussions on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, and more as part of the to inform the Government of India on the need to expedite the recognition of Village, Raid and Hima/Elaka Dorbars in the Constitution of India.
Wanteibok Lyngdoh President Hynniewtrep People (HHP) also prays that God will bless and be with the families of those who have lost their loved ones in this incident. Social Organization West Khasi Hills.
Greenwell expressed the hope that more people like Father Anthony will come forward to help end this disease.
Without a doubt, Sardar Patel was a great figure in the unification of India.
Police have decided that anyone involved with the rebel group will take action and punish them according to the rules of law, according to a statement sent by the SP. Jagpal Singh Dhanoa of Bhoi District.
There have also been talks between the Assam government and the civil society groups. After the talks, the Assam government has returned the items. regarding the construction of the day care center for the school children.
Not only that, we have also informed the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and MP of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Vincent Pala about the problems faced by the students of the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the MP of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Conrad K Sangma was arrested at his residence in Upper Shillong.
Two months before the first case was reported on July 30, 2020, India has set up a High-Level Committee.
According to the guidelines, it is one of the government hospitals which still has many shortcomings in all aspects. The main goal of the state government is to improve the problems and needs faced by such hospitals. Mawsynram CHC has seen only shortcomings in terms of manpower and staff in terms of lack of specialist doctors such as Surgery, Obstetrics, Pediatrics, Gyneacologists, ENT, Ayush. Now because we see that there are only a few of these doctors who are here at the CHC doing all kinds of work and the installation of the Ultrasound Machine and X-Ray Machine by the State Government without implementing anything has been one. The question now is, “Where is the future of health if the Government authorities have no responsibility to the rural areas? The countryside is different from the life of the people living in the city.
According to the Meghalaya Epidemic Regulation, 2020, to prevent and control the spread of COVID-19, the Rani Motor dealership at Mawblei has been temporarily closed.
Time constraints were identified and the affected youths were awarded additional marks according to their response time and time constraints, according to the procedures and procedures used by the Court. The Supreme Court, through its judgment dated 13.06.2018 in W.P.551 of
(Email ID: cggc.
These states have shown that they still want to protect the indigenous people.
Six cases have been confirmed positive today, four cases from East Khasi Hills and two cases from West Garo Hills.
Shah said the centers that monitor the CWC should be according to our needs and according to the situation in other countries.
Shillong, March 06: Police of Ri Bhoi District today on receiving a tip that some people are smuggling gold, conducted a raid on vehicles and in this raid the Police of Byrnihat Police have arrested two men, a woman and a man.
The Chief Minister said it is important to promote trade with Bangladesh. He said the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh is 443 km and all trade is to Bangladesh.
At these public meetings, the NPP leader, Conrad said that Ampati has given its trust to Dr Mukul Sangma for 25 years, but in these years nothing has been done. that you have left the Constitution.
The meeting was conducted by the King of the Hima, Ricky Nelson.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem today sent a letter to the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on nine issues.
“By setting the rules of Possessing Diploma/Degree in Materials Management/Warehousing Management/Purchasing/Logistics/Public Procurement from Recognized University/Institute”...it is an attempt by the Management to exclude especially the local applicants. who have worked for many years in the field in connection with this position,” said Bah Synrem.
Leaders of the VPP party also joined the supporters who went to the scene to encourage the president of the VPP party on his protest.
Mairang, Jymmang 11: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MLA) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inaugurated the new building of Tirot Singh Memorial Government Upper Primary School. , Forest.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the farmers expressed their happiness that the government has organized such a festival which opens the door for them to bring and sell their fish. that they may keep themselves in their houses.
Dozens of members of the Seng have donated their precious blood as part of helping those who urgently need blood in their illnesses.
There were three interacting factors that contributed to the success of cVIGIL.
Shillong, Lber 13: Four offices of the KSU in Laskein Block, including the KSU Iooksi Unit, KSU Umsalait Unit, KSU Priang Unit and KSU Saphai Unit, have strongly condemned the electricity generation department of the state. The electricity supply took the lives of two children who were brothers.
This will help to eliminate the need to check the documents that have already been checked and will relieve the burden on the drivers.
To strengthen the security forces, the BSF has also launched an air defense force, which has acquired Mi-17 helicopters and so far has 15 helicopter landing sites on the Pakistani border. and Bangladesh.
SP News Agency has visited the office in Shillong to verify whether the claim is true or not. of Guwahati.
At the same time, the union suspects that there is something behind the smuggling of cow trucks, therefore the union strongly warns the relevant authorities especially the police department to increase security and also that if the union does not find out who is involved in this case.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Kur, said that it is urgent to bring forward a proposal to pass a law for the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur. For example, the JHADC Administration of Clans Bill 2013, as part of the promotion and protection of the customs and traditions of the 3363 Khasi Pnar tribes, who come from the Kurs. Dorbar Kur and those within the border of Hynniewtrep.
This was posted in the NPP group today.
The Regional Cancer Centre, which has been opened today, will have 250 beds and will have modern facilities. He said that the central government will provide the necessary facilities for the hospital. Rib a Shathi of Asia also came to treat.
In his speech, MLA Salseng C Marak said that since the district was acquired, the development has started to appear. Many other MLAs from the Congress party were also present.
The meeting was conducted by Pretty Pyngrope and on this day there was a crowd dancing before the start of the meeting and also after the meeting where more than 5,000 people confirmed the victory of u. Bah HS Shylla for the mid-term elections to be held on the 13th.
The mother gave birth a day late and the garbage was stuck inside.
"They should have allowed the conversation to continue," he added.
In her bearing this responsibility we see again that the opposition against her is strong.
The destruction of these Modified Silencers by the Police is part of the Police's efforts to enforce the law against any vehicles and motorcycles installing Modified Silencers.
They have met with the management of EMRI in Shillong, the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong who has sent them back to talk to the GVK Company. I went to talk, but I didn't get anything.
“This concealment of facts and unfounded accusations by the Congress party shows the corruption, incompetence and stupidity of the party leaders,” said the BJP. Who ruled the country in those years? Who was it that tried to introduce presidential rule and overthrow them? Isn't it the Congress party that has forcibly arrested and banned the journalists from speaking freely, isn't it the Congress party? It is clear that the Congress party has no intention of providing clean services to the people," the BJP said. “The time has changed that the citizens want a clean, transparent and efficient government. a sure promise.
Until this evening, no casualties have been reported in the exchange of fire between the militants and the police.
“An allocation of T.6,000 crore has been allocated for the next 3-4 years under the PM-Divine.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: To mark the World Health Day, the BSF today held a speech on the care of mothers and their children. , they were also taught how to be careful on the roads.
The polling will start from 7:00-0 pm to 4:00 pm.
“The process of selecting a candidate will be 10 months or less,” said Bah Paul.
According to sources, the Seng has been informed that the recruitment process at the office is smooth and most of the time they get foreigners even though the Khasi have reached the rank.
The zonal stage will be held in West Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills on a home and away format, with quarterfinals, semifinals and a grand final to bring the tournament to a fitting conclusion.
In his resignation letter, the former leader expressed his gratitude to the BJP leaders including the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, John Barla and Union Minister Rituraj Sinha. Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek and other leaders who supported him during the last MLA elections.
This was announced in a statement by KSU Education Secretary Garland Shadap Manner.
Besides other traditional festivals such as Rugala, Chachat So'a and Dani Doka, there will also be a dance competition at this traditional festival. traditional games, traditional dances, traditional clothing and others.
Professor Akira Miyawaki and Professor Emeritus at Yokohama National University, Japan, have introduced Potential Natural Vegetation (PNV) by taking trees from uncultivated areas. This helps to turn the desolate areas into forests.
Nongpoh, July 13: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS), Ri-Bhoi Mihngi, Ri-Bhoi Mihngi, has congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the vision of NEIGRIHMS. The villages of the area, would like to extend their special congratulations to these two health authorities.
On this occasion, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has put forward the Bill for acceptance and rejection. bring the members of the House of Representatives.
The cycle race will start at 7 pm.
Shillong, November 19: The total number of vaccinated persons in Meghalaya has risen to 20.99 lakh so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said. the first and the second time.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Executive Member of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that KHADC has received the Tide Scheme on 9/7/2 in the year
However, the health department has prepared precautionary measures and this time the disease has started to decline in Garo Hills.
There are 874 recoveries so far, 42 cases from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from South West Garo Hills, 32 cases from West Garo Hills, 27 cases from the Army and civilians and the death toll has risen to
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the petition was submitted today. The MDA government has not held a single talk with the Assam government on the border since it took over.
Speaking as the chief guest, M War Nongbri said that this is one of the tournaments that sportsmen are looking forward to.
This social agreement will help usher in a new era of peace in the North East and especially in Manipur.
This may cause landslides and flooding in some parts of South Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram from October 30 to June 1,
In her speech, she said that the meeting was held after a meeting between the Joint Secretaries of the two countries.
Meloris Dhar said that the Dorbar Shnong has not allowed her to take anything from her house after more than a month since she left the village to move to Namdong.
The KSU understands that if the Meghalaya Minority Linguistic Development Forum holds a protest in Bri U Hynniewtrep, the KSU will also protest against the killing and violence against the Khasi from time to time abroad.
Speaking at the annual meeting of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MMA), the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, MEPA) said that the role of the newspapers in the society should not be ignored.
This Mawshun work of ours is famous and memorable.
In the current NDA government, 30 Cabinet Ministers, 5 Junior Ministers in charge of Government Departments, 36 Child Ministers Assistant Ministers and 71 Ministers have been appointed.
If you think that this is enough, it is wrong. Her state is still a mixed state with Garo and a state that is still being challenged by India in many areas.
Police, who received the complaint, registered a case and tried the perpetrator after his arrest.
This is not the time to ignore the challenges.
“We should not hesitate to shut down this company because those who have been affected are not the villages in Umsning or Mawhati but the villages in Ri Bhoi. and also to all the passengers who pass through Umsning”.
After the incident, the youths informed the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawkynroh, Bah L Nongkhlaw and the Mawlai Police Station who came to take action according to the law.
After joining the rebel group, he was sent to Bangladesh to be trained in the use of AK-47 rifles and air grenades.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle, after receiving a complaint from the residents of Sanmer area, Upper Shillong, regarding the presence of people who came to perform puja, by breaking the road. and they made them in the wells of water.
During the two-day conference, there were many articles on how to prevent discrimination against women and how to improve income generation in the country. to bring about unity.
The PWD has already awarded the contract to the company to construct the 18 miles Ranikor to Nongjri road and the work has progressed rapidly. The PWD has not yet allowed them to work.
Deputy Chairman of the House, Bah Alvien Sawkmie, announced that the office of the Governor has scheduled today to elect the Speaker of the House. they belong to Mr. Pyniaid Singh Syniem.
R Muthu, the SP of South West Garo Hills, said they could not identify him but it was identified that he was killed because his hands were tied behind his back and broken. this bag.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, he said that the government has launched many schemes for the benefit of the people and the most important thing is to convey to the people the information on what the government is doing for the benefit of the people. the public.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 784. The highest number of cases is in East Khasi Hills District with 640 cases and West Garo Hills with and Ri Bhoi 40 people.
ura, Lber 19: Former Speaker of the Indian Assembly Puron A Sangma will start his MP election campaign at Adokgre in North Garo Hills tomorrow morning.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Additional Director General, Regional Commander of Bangladesh Md Shazedur Rahman today said that the country's income has increased and the migration of people from the country to other countries has decreased. well now.
New Delhi: The Union Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Singh Thakur will attend the opening ceremony of the Khelo India University Games 2023 in Guwahati on 19th June.
When SP News Agency spoke to many residents of Shillong, they said that there is no traffic jam in Shillong. valid cut times.
To honor the father of the nation in a proper manner, the country invites all and the people of Meghalaya to come forward to be clean and to make the state a clean state. clean and green he said.
However, for Social Science II Geography and Economics, he/she introduced a completely different method of asking questions from the previous one.
Answering a question, the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi said that at present 150 liters of petrol per month has been allocated to the police outposts and the police department is now preparing to increase it to 250 liters. in a month.
The objectives of this organization are to ensure the welfare of the owners of fish farms within the organization, to prevent fraud when conducting khwai competitions, to judge when there are disputes between the fish farmers and the farmers. The organizers of the khwai, the union has also warned those who drink alcohol and cause trouble at the venues that if found guilty, they will be punished according to the law. Those who hold a kop khwai within the area of ​​the organization should first inform the church so that the organization can take the necessary action.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition tried to explain what he had put before the House but the Speaker said he could do it because he wanted to violate the rules of procedure in the House. council house.
Therefore, the recipients of ration cards through AAY and PHH should receive two parts or two parts.
The world looks at India's strength with admiration.
The GSU has lodged a complaint at Bajengdoba police station and in the FIR the JSU has demanded that the license holder should be removed. will now conduct an investigation into the incident.
Greatmercy Langte is the daughter of Kasmutia Langte and Sringstar Paliar of Domsohkhai-Nongnah village.
The meeting was conducted by the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Bah BK Lyngwa in the presence of other members of the Committee appointed by the government to protect the rivers.
“If this is the case, the time will come when the traffic on the NH-6 will be cut off completely if the authorities do not. Looking at the good condition of this road, they have not taken any action to repair it immediately.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and DGP Dr LR Bishnoi.
This road is very bad and has not been maintained for many years. This is why the question arises whether it is the PWD. The Cantonment is not responsible for this road.
This has become a path that has brought great error to mankind on earth.
The person who tested positive today is healthy and has not shown any signs of the disease.
According to sources, there was another khar tyrwa tiar who had gone to tyrwa tiar at this time when the mother was alone at home. The family members of the deceased found that she had fallen to the ground due to the flow of blood after the golden trees such as sohskhor and kisar had been cut off from her hands.
The directive was issued for the benefit of the people, and advised the media and electronic media to refrain from publishing advertisements about online gambling sites.
At present, the ASHA workers are only volunteers and their salary is based on their performance and there is no exact salary.
The President may say that the fundamental principles of the policy include innovation and innovation to encourage the making of decisions based on analysis and innovation.
The union also demanded that the office should appoint a Lineman as there is no one to look after the Narpuh area from Tongseng, Sonapyrdi to Ratacherra as this will make it easier for the people where there are many electricity problems.
“We are not criminals even if we are in jail, we are in jail only to cleanse our minds” KSU Jaintia Hill District has also announced to all the members of KSU Jaintia Hill District all Circles and Units They are ready while we are waiting for the decision of the KSU Sengkmie.
After the 43rd meeting of the GST Council on 28.05.2021, it was decided that the Central Government will borrow up to Rs 1.59 lakh crore and release this to the States and UTs which have laws in the form of borrowing back-to-back to fill the shortfall in resources due to the shortfall in the release of their share due to the shortfall in the Compensation Fund.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The seizure of cattle by the BSF from Hat Thymmai has been going on regularly but the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh from this area has not stopped.
On this occasion, the President of the party reminded the members that when they join the party, they should have one goal, that is to serve the state through the party and the party will open the way. in their own parts.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Shillong Police on the 17th of this month have found a newly opened premises at Mawlai Mawtawar. Police have recovered a naked body belonging to a young man and police suspect it may belong to the missing youth.
These leaders urged the youth to join the party because the nation needs the youth to support and protect the problems faced by the nation.
Many of the people who received demand letters did not report to the Police.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: There are 17 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 3 cases in Ri Bhoi. there were 285 in all.
The casual workers under the Lama of the All NEHU Workers Union have sent a message that it will continue to strengthen and continue its strike even to the point of death to get the demands of the casual workers.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Nongjri Dorbar Shnong of Ranikor Civil Sub Division in South West Khasi Hills District has decided not to allow anyone to enter and leave the village from morning till tomorrow morning. 2nd July 2020 and the market will be closed until that day.
On this occasion, the Minister of Sports and Sports presented a certificate and a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh to Dolyne Kharbhih and also launched a book known as the Coffee Table Book – “ 12th South Asian Games, 2016”.
In a statement sent by the SP of East Jaintia Hills District, Deishim O Lamunrong was arrested while burning down the house and Heisalon Dkahr was arrested. inside MeECL and suspected that the light was turned off during the house arrest.
This expenditure by the government is to make it easier to steal from these festivals.
In talks with the civil society and other groups regarding the railway line, they expressed a desire that there should be security forces before they are allowed to build the railway line. The MRSSA has been amended and a decision has been taken by the House to implement the ILP in the State.
In his speech, the Governor urged the students to look forward to the goal of improvement in life, youth is the time to take advantage and after leaving the country “It's a part of life,” he said.
Shillong, July 07: Shillong, July 07: Shillong College Higher Secondary Section beat Malabar Special Police Higher 5-4 in the final of the National Championships Football Championships held at Navi Mumbai today. Secondary School.
Four MLAs of the PDF party today held a meeting and it is understood that there was a discussion on the appointment of ministers from the party which has a share of two cabinet seats.
The meeting was attended by the Ministers of the State Government, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and Bah Anteidor Lyngdoh. The coal industry in the country has been destroyed.
HYC Leader Purningstar said that the marriage of a non-Khasi woman to her children is a violation of the District Council Act and is against the Khasi Race Act. .
There is a doubt that there is a shortage of oxygen cylinders as the filling of oxygen cylinders has been done directly to Guwahati.
The House also held a memorial service for the MLAs who have passed away in the past six months, 20 MLAs from Meghalaya, three from Meghalaya, Bah Obil Kyndait, Bah Suchiang and Dr. Flore Khongjee.
The strike has affected the students of St Edmund College which has more than 40,000 students from three faculties, Art, Commerce and Science.
To enhance the competition, 100 thah will be placed inside the pond at midnight this year and each thah will weigh 50 kilos.
KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday expressed its regret over the arrest of Khasi youths without sufficient evidence by the police. shiliang face of the Police Department.
Shillong, November 11: In preparation for the Lok Sabha MP elections in 20024, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah today launched the EVM and VVPat polling stations at the office today.
The Rangbah Dong T.Buhroy congratulated the Mawpun Youth Association and the Umlyngka Youth Association as well as the people of the Dong who have worked hard from 8 pm until the end of the year. Donbok asked the Rangbah Dong what is the responsibility of the Dong Mawpun and the village. and thou shalt not be ashamed of this river.
On the other hand, the VPP has set a deadline of 48 hours for the state government to issue a notification to suspend all jobs and if it fails to issue a notice, the VPP will hold a strike.
Shillong, March 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today handed over the land at Mawpdang Mawkhanu in New Shillong Township to the National Law University. Sanjib Banerjee in the presence of Law Minister Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma.
The KSU will continue to live and work on the land and on those to preserve and clean and purify it.
Regarding the collection and payment of taxes, the government will discuss with banks to increase the number of tax payment points through E-Payment for the convenience of taxpayers.
Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle and Vice President KSU Mawlai Circle were also present as the Chief Guest.
He expressed his gratitude to the farmers that through this festival the state government will be able to support in the production of meat so that as the state we don't have to rely on other states.
The Prime Minister has directed the government officials to send a proper report to the SDMA authorities so that the assistance provided by the government will be based on the report of the government especially in terms of and destroyed buildings.
“I urge the law enforcement authorities to take action on this because the trucks are too dangerous,” he said.
When asked, he said that some MDCs who are not in the Executive Committee have expressed their concerns at the meeting of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) where the MDCs have also expressed their concerns. satisfaction after they have received enlightenment.
The BJP has said that the influx of people from Bangladesh is widespread in Meghalaya, the smuggling of food items and cattle but the government is trying to cover up these incidents. BJP. On the other hand, the BJP believes that in the upcoming MP elections, the BJP will be able to rule the government in Delhi and the main task of the BJP is to curb the influx of people who not only in Meghalaya but in India as a whole.
In this regard, the Seng urges the public not to give their Aadhar number to the banks and if the banks continue to ask, the Seng will not hesitate to proceed.
Shillong, Lber 12: The BJP, which won 21 seats in Manipur with the support of the NPP, which has four MLAs, has now worked hard to persuade other non-Congress MLAs to win the elections. form the government in the state.
/The management of the MTC has not yet informed the employees how much they will be paid.
Regarding the government's failure to arrest Nirul Islam, who is accused of raping two brothers, the union demands that the government should take all measures to arrest him. he.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Idismary Nonglang of Nonghyllam village has lodged a complaint at Nonghyllam Police Station against Moiiabul Ali who allegedly kidnapped her 14 year old daughter.
These colleges have been divided into two categories, the existing colleges are known as “Brown Filed” and those which the government still has to spend money to build new buildings are known as “Brown Filed”. Green Filed”.
On the same day, Ms Ampareen urged the Union Minister through him to talk to the Prime Minister of India to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​by the Central Government.
Shillong, March 17: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has given its full support to the initiative and efforts of Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency and Minister of Urban Affairs to move the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge.
SSA teachers in Garo Hills from LP and UP will hold a mass march tomorrow morning to protest against the state government's failure to pay their salaries according to the decision of the Ministry. of the Human Resource Development (MHRD) of the Central Government.
Therefore, it is clear that the coal has been transported without a Challan and the weight of the coal is 18 lakh metric tonnes,” said Marak.
To fight against the drug traffickers in Shillong, the police have urged the public to cooperate with the police to curb this crime.
The meeting was attended by Sector Police Officers, Police Sation, ANTF and Chiefs of Police in charge of the area. Crime has spread in the forest which has caused the villagers to be shocked.
The Governor was accompanied by former Union Minister of State for Child Development KJ Alphons, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
The office bearers of the Riwar Regional Unit are as follows: Bah Alfred Khongtiang, Vice President Jambok Lanong, Gen Secretary Densil Khonglah, Assistant Gen Secretary Smallson Talang, Finance Secretary H Jonathan Mukhim, Chief Organizer Mui. secretaryFirstamin khongtir Ass Public secretary  Paulus Khongbinam ,education secretary Nobleman Kongwang,Sport secretary Eveningstar Manners Assstt sport secretary Kyrshanporlang Gassah Assstt culture secretary Wanmi Pohtam ,Asstt Office Secretary Diffreng Lamin.
On the basis of the information received from the public, the police have taken action and to ensure that such incidents do not happen in the future.
“What is more shocking now is that tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills and especially those from East Jaintia Hills, who have been living for tens of years until now by mining, bylla Where will the coal miners go and how will they survive if the NGT doesn't release the coal mining in the state? Tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills have been shocked to think about their livelihood and for their families,” said Bah MH. Dkhar.
The records contained within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, at that time when it was still a United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, contained many records written by the Chief Executive Members of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. the Government of Assam.
The first discussion on the MoU will be held at Patharkhmah, Ribhoi District on 30.8.2022 at 12 pm and will also be held in Shillong and other places like Rambrai, Riangdo and others.
The HNLC's treasurer, Bah Marwein, is a resident of Mawlai Nonglum. The arrest of Bah Marwein is a great loss to the HNLC especially to the treasury department. of this rebel organization.
Prime Minister Duh urged the people to be determined to protect the democracy of India so that this will never happen again.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition and poetry competition, which were held as part of the celebration of this year's Environment Day.
He said that as the Garo people, we have a strong relationship as a family and a community which was established by our ancestors.
The training will be held in the second week of July.
He also reminded that as the youth of the nation, we should overcome the differences of opinion and differences in rank to do small jobs because this is one. the way we can rule ourselves in all respects.
The party strongly condemns those MLAs who have been involved in demanding from the Chief Minister to remove the DC. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has listened to the demand of the MLAs. The message that the party wants to send to the government is that “Remove the order to dismiss the DC of West Jaintia Hills immediately, or the party “I will continue to protest in any way,” said Bah Hamwere Bhoi, President of Laskein Unit.
He said that they should look into the work and complete it within two months and submit a report to him.
