In total, nearly 1000 youths joined the KSU through their branches from different villages at the meeting.
Samla Readyon S.Nongrum Education Secretary of KSU Sengkmie was the chief guest. I'm not here today.
In a statement sent today, Bah Kanol Majaw said, “My Dorbar, the Sordar of Raid Kongthong, after seeing the news released by Sylloklang Majaw, who does not claim to be the Sordar, expressed his surprise to see his opposition to the development works brought by Prof. Rakesh Sinha, MP Rajya Sabha and also his opposition to the acceptance by Prof. Rakesh Sinha of the village. Kongthong to bring about many development projects.
The Minister informed the House that during the distribution of the scheme to those who keep pigs, it was explained that there is insurance for pigs at a cost of T.4000/- per pig whether small or large. juh you price.
Shillong, Nailar 31: BSF troops at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District have seized 13 Bangladeshi boats while they were smuggling stone from the Ranikor River.
Tura, Naiwieng 04: Four GNLA cadres were arrested by the Tura Police on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the Director of the ACHR said that all this is because the central and state governments have not looked into what should be done and all this is due to the stingy calculation of the government. central and state governments.
Shillong, July 08: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order ban ban the import of fish from abroad for 15 days. use formalin to preserve the fish.
The training started on the 26th of this month at Mawrynkneng and ended at Mairang today.
Meanwhile, Lekichen Ryngkhlem was taken to his village in Demthring.
The office of the UDP party was also inaugurated in the presence of the party supporters.
Who is Gopal Dey? He and others appeared in the media in 2020 after their people suddenly attacked a rally against CAA and demand for ILP of the KSU in which dozens of members of the KSU. KSU Sohra Circle member Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, a member of the KSU Sohra Circle, was tied and bombed with weapons until his head and lyngkien were bloodied on the road.
This was stated in a letter sent by the Chairman of the MPHRC to Justice Mahesh Mittal Kumar, Member of the NHRC, at a meeting with the civil society in Shillong today.
Speaking before the cleanliness drive, the Director of Employment and Craftsmen Training, B.Hajong, MCS said that it is necessary to introduce cleanliness not only at home. at home but also in the workplace.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Government of Meghalaya has announced that it will build fish ponds under the MGNREGA scheme in the 2018-2019 fiscal year.
The demand came after the fish vendors and traders met with the media at the fish market in Iewduh a day after the Commissioner of Food Safety, issued an order ban ban the sale of fish until Fifteen days after the Office of the Commissioner of Food Safety found that 30 fish have tested positive for formalin injection which has affected the health of the public.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The bridge at Rongdik in South Garo Hills District has been flooded by the Umsaw at night due to heavy rainfall in the past three days.
On the other hand, the Vice President of India urged the countries of the world to stand united in the fight against terrorism and India has already submitted a recommendation to the United Nations in which is still there today.
As the tournament will be held in India, the country will send 20 athletes – the largest contingent – ​​to participate in the tournament.
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, AL Hek was the chief guest at the Central Dairy Campus, Mawiong on Friday. AH & Veterinary Department and SC Sadhu as Chief Guest.
The sponsorship for the 2023-2024 season is T.5,31,00,000/- and for the 2024-2025 season is T.5,31,00,0 The GST has also been imposed on the Indian Super League, as the previous funds have been spent.
“We have requested the callers of the protests especially the Bodo and Koch Rajbonshi leaders to release the trains coming to this area but as of now there has been no response from them. Rupam Goswami, Chairman of the Assam Chamber of Commerce.
The youth should avoid the pleasures of the world but should choose to preach the Word of God. Even though the Shillong Chamber Choir goes to sing around the country, they still remember God in their songs. “This is the world of God” is a song they sang to thank God even though they are in fame and position that they have not forgotten U Blei, young people should not fall into the temptation of Satan because Satan is not the creator of the world but he is an angel who wants the power of God that God will throw him into hell. God put us on earth for a good purpose for us so we should not feel when we enter any world because it is our personal life, whether it is in this world to preach the word of God, whether we enter the world of politics or any other world we must remember that we must live and walk in the way of the Lord and walk in knowledge Pray for us to have a good family because if the family is good we will have a good life together. and if the society is good we will get godly people and if the people are knowledgeable we will get the development of the state let the leaders of the state also have a godly spirit which will carry for the state to achieve development in the state.
We follow trade and investment policies that are changing as needed.
The public is urged to inform the new number if there is any cyber crime through the internet, according to the information of Bah DN. Jyrwa Superintendent of Police (SCRB).
The meeting also decided that the General Council of the party will be held on the 11th of November to elect a new president.
The meeting was organized by the Tribal Welfare Department, Tamil Nadu and was chaired by F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Government of Meghalaya. Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya.
On 27/2/2022 for the post of UBSI 300 mark and the writing time of the examination will be from 9.00 am to 12.00 noon.
Our crops have been destroyed because we don't have a road like others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The KSUSouth West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly condemned the irresponsible behavior of various banks and offices in the district which have not respected the public holidays of the district. Today is the 170th death anniversary of the great freedom fighter from the Hima Maharam, Sngap Sing Syiem.
On the other hand, the BJP believes that what happened to one of the patients as reported in the newspapers these days is a tragic incident and the government has to arrange for such cases not to happen. happen again in the kip or don't come.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit has invited all the citizens of Meghalaya to come and support their community. Kyllaiñ Mungor to oppose the implementation of the Covid-19 lockdown in various areas.
Ed course and the dates for filling up the forms for the examinations of failed subjects within one day on or before the 23rd of this month. 24th and 25th of this month from 11:30 am to 2 pm,” said Bah AC Rymbai.
In her speech, Cebora said that Daryel is a young leader and she hopes to bring about many changes in this democracy. The Congress leader said that India needs young leaders.
At this meeting today, they did not say anything on this issue. On the other hand, as the EM in charge of the commerce department, it will be seen whether this allegation is true or not. wrong after he even learned from the office.
This initiative is also an assessment of the needs in this field and will also include preparations in accordance with the Operational Guidelines; importing resources and users into the Co-WIN application, vaccination sites and mapping these, raising awareness about health care providers, district certificates of vaccination, preparations for vaccination medicines, dispatch of vaccination teams and other necessities at vaccination centres, mock drills related to vaccination and monitoring of activities in blocks, districts and states.
Otherwise, it would not have been possible for the leaders from another continent to have thought of leaving Wales and arriving in Sohra in
There is an urgent need for the MDC Committee of Mylliem Hima to have Acts and Rules on how to hold an annual Dorbar in the Shnong, Raid or Hima once a year together with the Khun u Hajar according to the Hima customs and traditions.
Regarding the complaint and letter sent to the Chief Minister, the CWCs have made 40 allegations against the party and the Khasi people.
The total number of cases is
Today, young people are bringing solutions to everyday problems in our lives.
You have received many benefits from the Agricultural Centre.
However, there will be good education for the children and these will be in line with the education system in the whole country. other.
“I congratulate you all,” said the Prime Minister while addressing the players gathered around him.
Shillong, July 17: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang today met with the Deputy Commissioner of KSU West Jaintia Hills District.
They also requested the government to think because many of them have been too busy looking for jobs elsewhere. task.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Superintendent of Police, District Police, said that the child was rescued from the hands of the kidnappers at 4 pm today. Police have informed the Assam Police about the release.
Answering questions, Dr DM Thapa said that what they said within the Governing Body will not be known because he was not allowed to attend the meeting and was not given the opportunity. the way to explain.
Answering a question whether the applications of the cow traders are still pending with the Department of Agriculture, he said that he does not know that because the department is in charge of Bah Sanbor Shullai. What is certain is that the government will issue TP.
: A policeman who used to guard the Additional Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, has committed suicide by shooting himself with a gun on Tuesday.
Announcing the names of the two candidates, Prestone said that the names of the two candidates have been approved by the National President of the party, Conrad K Sangma.
Subject to the adoption of the structure of the two-pillar package, the application of simpler procedures to protect the tax affairs of companies (depending on the authority), and the restructuring of the benefits that come from the tax for investments.
The arrested were identified as Thangikin Hokip, 43, and Zoangpui Ralte,
In his speech, Bah Renikton said, “What will happen if our friends from Garo Hills speak Garo and what will happen if our friends from Khasi Hills speak Khasi?
Shillong, Naitung 04: A two-day training for journalists of Meghalaya on journalism in connection with the session of the Assembly or Parliament of India started today.
Amlarem, Nailur 09: :The overcrowding of trucks carrying coal has disrupted the traffic of the people and affected the traffic of the church.
“We apologize for the thoughtless actions of unknown persons who have decided to defame our group,” she concluded.
The union has decided that if the government does not increase the price of beverages through the Deputy Commissioner within a day, the union will hold a protest and the union will send members to ask for information. in relation to the price.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The 28th State Karate Championship 2019 was held on Saturday at the JN Stadium in Polo with 421 participants from all teams. there are different kinds of games.
The GOC of 101, also extended his special thanks to the parents who attended the memorial day that their children have become full soldiers from today under the guidance of These 180 personnel have completed their training to join the Indian Army.
When talking to the government since 2003 until now, how many other ministers have met to tell the government to recognize those who are involved in the dance while they do what they say. say yes, but you can't do anything.
Besides these five medal winners, the pride is also due to Samla Shaiborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang who has trained himself as a referee and has also been promoted to the rank of International Referee in Kickboxing.
Jowai, March 27: Two day Art Workshop for children and students in Jowai and exhibition of paintings by artists and painters The expiration date is 26th March.
“We are grateful to the MLA and in 2019 this road has been completed and it is the initiative of the MLA but in the past years there have been many projects but nothing has happened,” he said. state.
Meanwhile, Bah Damonmi Dkhar, General Secretary, said that if anyone wants to join the party, they should have a purpose for the country and the people but nothing else. The total number of members of the party is more than 5,0
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has launched a documentary film titled 'KSU SHIRTA' at the State Central Library Shillong.
This complaint center can be accessed.
At the same time, the JACJO has warned that if the Government of Meghalaya through the Home Department cannot set up Police Outposts in these areas which are the border of Meghalaya, the committee will not be able to take a decision. they didn't protest.
The ranked categories are National, International, Education, Health, Business and Economy, Science and Tech, Sports, Environment, and Opinion.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 3 recoveries today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 2 from Ri Bhoi. There are 92199 cases in Meghalaya today.
The Forest Department in collaboration with the Bharat Scout & Guide has organized the celebration at Umtyngar.
On the other hand, Bah Passah said that the government and the District Administration should take action for the sake of the cleanliness of the environment and the health of the people.
If you go too far beyond that, you’ll have to take a look.
The university aims to use Yano’s journey as an example for other students.
On the other hand, the BSF said that there is a trafficking group working hard to smuggle the drugs to Bangladesh.
Nongbri today called for a temporary strike against the Rani Motor dealership in Mawblei after one person who tested positive for COVId-19 entered the dealership.
The bodies of the three were taken to the civil hospital for post mortem.
Justice Pradeep Nandrajog issued an interim order and fixed the hearing of the case for 2nd June.
January 28, 2023 is such a date.
"But, still we will have to dig into this," he said.
According to the call for application on 14th November 2020 for the post of Assistant Engineer under the Department of Rural Development, there are 35 vacancies and the examination for this post will be held on 18th October 2023 at two places in Shillong and Tura where the results have not yet been released.
MNREGA works are allowed to be implemented but distance rules must be followed and the priority works to be implemented are water tanks and irrigation systems.
Those who attended this special ceremony were among the 10 soldiers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Seven cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and six cases in West Ri Bhoi District. There are 277 cases to date.
The vehicle was a Tourist Sumo heading to Guwahati. The cause of the overturning was said to be due to the speeding of the driver of the vehicle.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Umpyrdong, Bah Korinth Makri, said that they don't know how much damage has been done to the village. accurate calculation.
However, many of the MLAs in this government have said that the dew iong has been released without explaining the rules.
The Government has written to the states of West Bengal, Maharashtra, Telengana, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Rajeshthan, Andhra Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Bihar, Harayana, Goa, Pondicherry, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand. Write to the Railway Department to bring them to Guwahati which has not been confirmed.
He said that in the past, patients had to travel outside the region to get proper treatment, especially in Kolkata or Vellore.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Meghalaya High Court Bar Association, Bah GS Massar, said that they hope that more than 400 Muktiars from Meghalaya will attend the meeting. This state and also those who come from abroad.
On the other hand, the Director of the ACHR, Suhas Chakma, said that according to Article 72 of the Constitution of India, such a decision cannot be made and there must be a way out. just kill it.
“These trainings are part of the work of our Prime Minister who is working hard for the development of farmers across the country,” said Bah Shabong. in India.
The opening ceremony was attended by TMC State Leader Dr Manas Ranjan Bhunia, TMC State President Charles Pyngrope, Trinamool Congress Legislative Party Leader Charles Pyngrope. George B Lyngdoh MLA, Dr. Mukul Sangma, MLA, said that the Meghalaya TMC intends to lead Meghalaya for the development of the state. will grow in all aspects of development.
As a sign of tribute to this hero, the leaders and members of HITO laid flowers at his monument and sent this statement to the government.
“Besides, the KSU NEHU Unit leader said that the KSU has received information that Nantu Das has requested the refugee to make peace and forgive him so that he can escape from this violence.
At this meeting it was informed that the government has spent a lot to improve education and this is a very expensive department, out of the T.16,000 crore that the state government spends every year, the government spends Rs 2500 crore on education.
Prof. (Dr) ManikSaha, Chief Minister of Tripura said, “We are grateful to Prime Minister Duh and the Minister in charge of Railways for promoting rail connectivity in the state.
The test will be conducted only in those villages where there is a need for entry and exit of people and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will now send it to Tamabil where there have been allegations that some people on the border with Bangladesh have received the test. you are infected with COVID-1
In this second demarcation, the Seng urges the two governments to include all the remaining six sectors such as Nongmynsaw (Langpih), Block 1, Block 2, Psiar & Khanduli, Deshdomria. (Raid Khadar Bongthai), Baridua & Nongwah Mawtamur should no longer be maintained in any sector.
“The launch of the Guwahati-Secunderabad Express (once a month) to Silchar (Assam) will provide more connectivity between Barak Valley (Silchar) and Secunderabad.
Ages between 4-5 and 5-6 will have 5 teams and two teams will have 10 teams. Children aged 8-9 and 10-11 years and those aged 12-13 years will have 7 players per team and 12 players per team.
He said that the time has come for all the departments of the state to take responsibility to attract tourism, for example the PWD department has a big role to play. where it is necessary to have a new focus on road construction methods within the state as part of attracting tourists.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the Government is working hard to reduce the delay in the delivery of legal hearings and efforts should now be made to strengthen the number of judges and improve the quality of life. consistent with the law.
The reservation policy should be based on the number of residents, because if there is 50% while other ethnic groups have 30%, it is not appropriate to divide the reservation 40-4 Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
All the MDCs have received the Grand-in-Aid for Arts and Culture for the year 2007-08, and up to 19 MDCs have not submitted the Utilization Certificate of the amount of 2,66,0
At this time, unknown persons came and threw petrol on the wheels of the bus used by the police and burnt it down. However, the bus escaped serious damage and the damage was only to the wheels.
With the launch of the second round of boundary talks between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya to be held soon in Block II, the Council expects that these talks will be fruitful.
It was informed that the officers within the Meghalaya Lokayukta including the Director of Inquiry, Director of Prosecution and Inquiry/Investigation Officers have been appointed by the Chairperson after the approval of the Government.
Ltd, and SPIKAP, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, SPIKAP, also delivered a speech. support health to rule areas.
The scheme comes from the 10% share of the total government budget in the Central Government which has been allocated specifically for the North East.
The State Government has estimated that the total expenditure for the fiscal year 2013-2014 will be T.8,609 crore of which the funds from the Central Government in the plan will be T.4,761 crore. It is estimated that the state will now generate T.1,371 crore.
The President of the Association, Bah Khizar Meheraj Warjri, in an interview with the Association, said that the chess tournament will be open to children from 10 years of age and above to adults. age at which separate categories for men and women will be divided.
On the other hand, the Union on 4th March has sent a letter to the State Government through the Director of DERT TG Momin and requested the State Government to take action and arrange with the relevant authorities. NIOS to immediately correct all the errors and release the results by 31st March this year but the State Government and the authorities in charge of NIOS have remained silent.
The meeting was attended by the Lamphrang, Waheh Shnongs, Secretary Shnongs from the 27 Raid Tuber villages in Jowai District. The meeting decided to move forward with the demand for the Tuber Elaka.
World Glaucoma Awareness Week 2014 will be celebrated this month and the public awareness campaign will be held on the 15th of this month.
Bah Bamut holds the rank of Corporal and completed his training in 2003 from Aru Sumer Camp.
When asked what the punishment was for the officer who issued the illegal order, Bah Paul said, “For now, what we have done is to correct the wrong,” and added that the ST syrnot issued according to the law which was passed, he shall be put to death.
The Minister said that the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra has been launched by taking a comprehensive approach with the participation of Government of India and State Governments to ensure the participation of all for the benefit of the people. the people of the country and in order to achieve the goal of achieving a developed country.
However, this process has changed for 2023-2
If anyone does not comply with the rules, please report to the same place.
The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and JHADC have been severely affected by the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister said on Friday.
Also present on the occasion were KSU leaders Cherity Suja, General Secretary, Streamly Niangti, Finance Secretary.
Besides the destruction of the Atoskhana, the district authorities have also destroyed the coal mining factories so that those involved in the illegal establishment of these coal factories will not be able to build new ones. .
The application forms have started on sale from the 14th of this month and will continue till the 30th of November. military services and Rs 450 for civilians.
The death of Paul Makri shook the nation and the fierce protest continued for a year.
The Chief Minister made this announcement on his Twitter account at 12.41 pm today.
“We should focus on the cultivation of crops that are less land intensive but highly exportable.
The union also demanded that the DC should investigate the expenditure of the farmers.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the President for being able to attend the opening ceremony of the tournament. Head of State to visit Tura for the opening of this biggest tournament in the State.
Along with him, another youth was killed when a government bullet went through his house and stabbed him.
The three things that the government has promised to do are in terms of salary, accommodation and holidays.
In a memorandum sent to the Union Government today, the CCIB said that the social agreement between India and Bangladesh to allow the acquisition of the land between the two countries. Meghalaya will lose its land if the Parliament of India accepts what has already been signed.
"We believe we will achieve our goal and that is our mission today," he said.
There have been 655 recoveries today, most of them in East Khasi Hills 328, bringing the total number of recoveries to 40574 so far.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the presence of VDPs in the villages has helped the police in many areas to ensure the safety of women and children in the villages. .
Larisha Kharphuli, Class XII from Synod College, was also awarded the prize as an encouragement to the participants. St. Mary's HS School.
He said that the foundation stone of this house today is a house of work and through this house all the schemes of the government have been informed to the people especially to the villagers. considered as the most important tand.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the management of the bank to be strict in setting the rules. This does not mean that there should be no rules, the rules should be strict. so that the public can take advantage of the benefits of the Banks.
He said that the Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita (BNS) focuses on Nyaya or justice and it is on this basis that the change of name refers to the punishment under the IPC or Nyaya in the BNS. Explaining about the Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam, Marak said the Indian Evidence Act has been implemented since 1872 and has been used with some exceptions but the lEA has not commented on this in recent years.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Police today set up checkpoints at all polling stations and places on the polling day for the MP election from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to ensure that those who come and go should not carry money or alcoholic beverages.
At the same time, the EE of Mawsynram PWD Division said that the repair of the bridge is ongoing and everyone is urged to be vigilant while walking on the bridge.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
The problems faced in these days, months and years one after another are the problems of the youth, the crimes of the youth, the involvement in drugs, alcoholism and others and now there is an attempt to The state as a city of conflicts will weigh heavily on the minds of the leaders and as a state where many Christians know that everyone has a role to play in providing education.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Marconi Thongni, President of KSU Phodkroh Unit and Finance Secretary of KSU.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: BSF troops and Meghalaya Police have seized a large quantity of sugarcane and kwai from the Bangladesh border at Rongra in South Garo Hills District.
The construction of the ISBT, which was inaugurated today, was funded by the NEC through a 90%:10% joint financing between the Central and State Governments. The car park opened today at a cost of T.48.31 cores.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Andra Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong Laitkyrhong, Bah Shonroy Rynjah Secretary Laitkyrhong, Bah Dengbok Kurkalang. In the presence of Meiduh Kudbon Rynjah, wife of Bah Korel Khongsngi, Bam Kwaiha Dwar u Blei, a special speech was also delivered by Bah Iolet StarRynjah, the eldest son of Bah Korel Khongsngi. , Rest in peace.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that he congratulates IIM Shillong for organizing this tournament and this has attracted the wealthy to come to play at this venue.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Hamir Syiemlieh, General Secretary Rangthong Unit, urged the agents to stop misleading the land owners and the public. you're strong.
The union has sent a letter to the Director of Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) West Jaintia Hills District Jowai on the grounds of requesting the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take action against the Random Test in Nangbah Village and also to assist in the provision of several Thermal Scanners through the PHC in the village as part of the facilitation of checking the movement.
Shillong, March 15: The Department of Anesthesiology in collaboration with CNE NEIGRIHMS has organized a workshop on Palliative Care and Communication Skills – Bridging the Gap.
Shillong, Nailar 03: U Bah Disparsing Rani, one of the Right to Information (RTI) applicants, today said that he received from the Personnel Department of the Secretariat, this regarding the allocation of jobs known as the roster of employees.
There were 103 youths who came forward to donate their own blood. Of these, 70 youths were eligible to donate blood and 175 ml was taken from each person. blood.
“According to the findings of the union, the electricity bill of the public has increased so much that they have never received bills from the person appointed by the department in the past years but only to those who have been appointed by the department. “Receipts to double the documents in such a way that households have to pay more than 1000 tyngka and the public doesn't know how many units are sold,” said Franklin.
Speaking to media, the JAC leaders said that the Committee on the 13th of this month, will intensify its protest to demand the immediate dismissal of Rohit Prasad.
The rally was held near the Governor's residence at Raj Bhavan.
Shillong, July 08: The men and women wrestlers of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) have won gold, silver and bronze medals at the National Level Championships held at Jammu & Kashmir from 22nd to 26th June, 2023 and in Mathura, Uttar Pradesh from 1st to 4th July,
West Garo Hills Police said the driver of the bus fled the scene after the incident. The injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
“In the past years, there were those who doubted that the HYC had formed to demand ILP but now we can say that in one case we have won because this time all the people, the State Government, the civil society and even the political parties. The world wants ILP and the full victory will come after the Central Government approves the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya,” said Bag Robert.
Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat is the only college in South West Khasi Hills District but unfortunately the government has not paid attention to the needs of the students of the district.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that compared to neighboring states, the price of petrol has increased in Meghalaya lower.
On the other hand, Sumar Swer, President of Lyntijam Welfare and Development, said that the Association expresses its deep sorrow over the untimely dismissal of the SP.
As of November 28, India had 6,731 cases per 10 million population, making it one of the countries with the lowest number of cases.
“As the elders of the area, we have gone to inform from time to time about this but it is only a story,” said Bah BS Mawphniang.
The meeting was conducted by Bah GH Kharshanlor, Child Protection Officer of East Khasi Hills District. leave your own child where she goes to work.
The President of the union, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit, said that the testing of the water after taking samples from different villages was after the union received the complaints from the residents who expressed their concerns, reluctance to drink the water distributed by the PHE and Municipal departments.
What they are currently implementing are the State Schemes, the Border Area Scholarship for students from the border villages and the State Scheme. Bangladesh has been funded by the state government.
Pragatipur Secondary School, Pragatipur has 18 students, Marshilong Presbyterian Secondary School, Marshilong has 11 students, Bhaitbari Girls' Secondary School, Bhaitbari has 4 students but no students have passed. of SSLC exam.
Police also seized 10 tins of tobacco, 66 thyrnia containing drugs and a lost mobile phone. At the same time, it has been banned to park vehicles.
Shillong, July 03: The AICC Secretary for Meghalaya, Manish Kjatrath, today said that the party has discussed how to strengthen the party. elections in the state will be held in
He also urged the people who come to stay at this government building to give their suggestions on how to do if there is a need to improve this government building which provides services to the people of the state. be treated at the scene.
one), under Section 5 of the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971 by the Estate Officer, Guwahati.
: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Thursday criticized the state police for summoning the leaders of the party to investigate the relationship. and organization.
Meanwhile, the KSU Lapangap Unit through a statement issued by Samla Augustan Timung strongly condemned the robbers involved in the shooting and beating of a resident of Lapangap village until he was seriously injured.
Other speakers on the occasion were Adelbert Nongrum MLA, Rangbah Kur Union, Aristotle L Mawphlang, Roykupar Synrem, Sur of the People, Egenstar Kurkalang, Sur of the People. On the part of the Syiemiong clan, Bah Edmund Syiemiong and on the part of the Shylla clan, Bah Pyrkhat Shylla spoke.
The most affected areas are Tuka, Nayabazar, Lyngkhat, Umsiyam, Ryngkua and OP Shella in East Khasi Hills District, Muktapur and Lamasaki in West Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya.
The Ministry is trying to position India as a leading tourism destination in the tourism market while M/s Alliance Air Aviation Limited, which has a strong network, is taking part in promoting the industry. visit to India.
Many of the citizens of Meghalaya have already experienced difficulties in their lives due to the lack, inability in many areas which prevents them from running their activities smoothly. .
Regarding the NPP, the arrival of the AITC will have an impact but not so much, not everyone will join the party because the people understand that the party does not hold power from Kolkata.
Regarding the search of shops without Trading License, the officers of the Enforcement Department have closed down the shops and the vendors have been ordered to collect all the goods and ordered to provide them. before the documents.
New Delhi, June 06: So far, 4067 people have been confirmed infected with COVID-19 and 109 have died, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, June 03: The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur, in a statement issued by its Waheh Chnong, Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, as part of its cooperation with the government in relation to the curfew in India as part of the In an effort to curb the spread of COVID-19, the village has banned the entry and exit of all persons within the boundary of the village.
During the first meeting, the Minister of Sports was informed that according to the Constitution of the MSOA, the programs have been implemented between the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs. The Sports Minister is also the ex-officio President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
However, this has affected them because they have lost their daily jobs because the people are afraid of them because they have met or helped the patients or the relatives of the patients. .
Concerns after the announcement of the Resol NEET(UG) announced by the NTA on July 4,
However, the surprising thing is why the present KHADC authorities have not gone to save and follow up on this very important case for the protection of the Khasi people who are a unique people.
Who is willing to take the life of our parents who have cared for us and raised us since we were born?
Shillong, Iaiong 17: U Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma today visited one of the shops selling rice at Mawlong Market.
The CEC also elected Danny Khyriem as Chairman of the Election Committee and Samuel B Jyrwa as Secretary.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District has met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla. At this meeting, the HYC Ri Bhoi District has submitted a petition to the CEM to express their opposition to the proposal of the BSF to buy land. for once there were soldiers, there were many troubles in the villages.
It is to be recalled that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU has signed the MOU with DACE in the past months and immediately the union has gone to talk to the VC on this issue and he has promised only The union will send a letter to the Nodal Officer and he will be able to send it. He also promised to fight for the rights of ST students especially the Trai Ri Trai muluk.
Thomas A Sangma, Marcuise Marak, Ambassador of Sweden to India and Swedish Ambassador to India were present at the ceremony. Gautam Bhattacharya.
Since 2015, Prime Minister Duh has led the IDY celebrations from various places including Kartavya Path in Delhi, Chandigarh, Dehradun, Ranchi, Jabalpur, and also the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Pynskhem Mukhim Symbut Chairman of the JAC said that the power plant will affect 1338 households in East Khasi Hills and all of them are farmers. prepare to prepare to submit a written statement.
Meanwhile, at Iew Thymmai and Tuka, the BSF seized 36 cows worth T.7 lakh.
Regarding MeECL, the Chief Minister or the Chief Minister's Symbut should inform the public without delay, said AITC MLA Zenith M Sangma.
Our Constitution is a sacred document and everyone should firmly believe in it.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that this is a friendship between the people of India and Japan and an agreement that will continue in the coming days.
Even until they lost their human rights.
KAS was founded in 1979. Since then, KAS has been working hard to promote the writing of Katar in the Khasi language. .
The names of these BSF soldiers who sacrificed their lives in the war are written on the monument.
This market has two floors and 101 rooms in total.
He referred to the Bhagvad Gita and the dialogue between Krishna and Arjuna in explaining the need for dialogue between teachers and students.
Police in Ribhoi District on Friday released a video of a mobile phone conversation between the Military Commander of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Sanbor Pala and one of those arrested in the seizure of an IED bomb in Ribhoi recently.
Police said that Bah Paul had lodged an FIR at the police station in connection with the petrol bomb blast in the past few days. Police have arrested Bah Maikhel on 2 FIRs filed by the MLA of Shillong West.
During the search, police seized a commercial taxi number ML-11 3594 with two persons inside the vehicle including the driver.
Happiness Suchiang, one of the teachers who was dismissed in 2014, expressed her regret that they have been dismissed from the teaching job and that the government has violated their right to live. teacher.
He urged the states of the North East to participate in the ongoing National Mission on Edible Oils.
Before the celebration, a short meeting was held at Lad Mawlai Bypass at Mawlai Mawkynroh Umshing.
Collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Federal Government to ensure access to medicines.
Shillong, July 19: The continued march of Sikhs from outside the state to Shillong to fight against the metor issue is a way of setting fire and pouring petrol on the fire that has not been extinguished. On this occasion, the four organizations KSU, FKJGP, HNFY, RBYF have said that this is the responsibility of the state government. The state government has asked how to resolve this issue which has been pending for decades.
The seven persons who have been named are Bah S Wahlang, T Lyngdoh, DD Nongsiej, CS Marngar, BK Marngar and OK Bani. Jowai, July 20: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today, after meeting with the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Regarding other districts in the state, the government has handed over to the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to look after and do whatever is necessary according to the needs of the districts.
BS Rumnong, IT Manager, SRES, and officers of the State Planning Board.
Three cases have been confirmed from East Jaintia Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills District.
The project has been approved after examination and review by scientists in accordance with the guidelines of Plan Vivo, UK, and through the project will be able to be sold through the carbon market as a means of supporting the objectives. The project aims to support the people in these areas to survive and earn a living without the need to damage the forests and especially to protect the water source of Shillong.
Pasi said that regarding the tax for these companies in Jaintia Hills, the JAC said that the government should take action as it does for these companies. State traders so that the State does not lack traders.
“The National Highway-6, which is the blood vessel of Meghalaya and other states in the North Eastern Region of India, has deteriorated beyond the limit throughout the year, especially in the Mynkre area and in the town of Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, March 14: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) will hold a drawing competition on the 29th of this month in Shillong.
They have decided to hold a protest on the 25th of this month.
In addition, the Police have also arrested school children under the age of 18 years who were driving motorcycles without a license and fined them.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Replying to a Zero Hours Notice by George B Lyngdoh on the torture of Khasi in Bangladesh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, said that the government has The state has sent a petition to the central government which has been sent by one of the people.
On the other hand, the Seng stands firm on the basis and agreement that they have made that they will never allow the extraction of this mineral from Ri Khasi and this they have already made clear for the years and days. the dep.
The police detonated a bomb inside the shop even though the women had closed their shop.
During the meeting, they also discussed the problems they face from time to time and the main problem they expressed was that more than 98% of the employees are employees. The people of the army do not ask for medicine.
The leaders of the Leimow Unit were sworn in as President, Riladap Shadap, Assistant General Secretary, Javeline Shadap, Assistant General Secretary, Fivestar Suiam, Publicity Secretary, Tammiki Shadap, Education Secretary. and 33 other officers.
The discussions are ongoing and after they have agreed, they will submit an affidavit to the High Court.
He said that the varieties of soh cultivated without the use of chemical fertilizers, such as Niamtra, Sohtrun, Syntiew can be sold in the market in a proper manner.
“During the elections, they come to collect the votes of the people of Mukroh and others,” he said. The villages from Block 1, and now where are the leaders to look after this burden of theirs now.
The Army has used a Mi 17 V5 helicopter to evacuate the people and troops in the affected areas and many tourists have been evacuated from Chugthang Mangan Chhaten to the remote parts of the country. Gantok and Bagdogra.
West Jaintia Hills District won the bronze medal in the Men's Team Event after defeating West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Samla Mihsalan Truh congratulated the KSU for being willing to support him and at the same time requested the people of the State to put him in prayer so that his goals and aspirations will be fulfilled. you win.
Those who explained that the FKS is not interested in it.
On the other hand, the Dolloi said that they have submitted many letters to the Boundary Commission in the past but due to the change of Executive Committee in JHADC, these matters have been suspended.
The meeting was known as the Inspectors General-Region Commanders Conference.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Executive Committee of HITO Ri Bhoi District today appointed the new office bearers of the Tyrso and Mawbuh branches of the HITO at a meeting held at It was held in Tyrso village of Ri Bhoi District.
When the school children ask the village authorities where else they throw the garbage of the village.
Tura, Nailar 17: A member of the Garo National Liberation Militant (GNLA) has been arrested in Tura jail at 7.30 pm this morning. ) Kennedy T Sangma has escaped by cutting off the rods that surrounded the place where he was arrested.
In 2015, the Punjab government has allocated T.1.50 lakh to assist 10 women who need medical care who have lost their husbands. their.
It is time for these areas to become safe from foreigners.
The president of the KSU said that it has happened from time to time that the state government has set up committees to resolve the issues faced by the Jaidbynriew but these committees have not reached anywhere. and the issues of the Nation remain the same.
The Department of Employment has received applications from 2,33,193 employees, these are employees who are not registered anywhere and the government has decided to provide special assistance of T.2100/- tyngka from the for these three closed weeks.
KSU Mawlai Branch General Secretary Eddie Robin Malngiang today sent away 117 employees who came to work without proper documents. There are only 6 members of the KSU. The KSU said that until the government implements the ILP or the MRSSA, the KSU will continue its protest.
On the 3rd of November, 150 women CRPF officers, who will be divided into three groups, will leave for the campaign across the country.
Robertjune Jahrin, one of the leaders of the CoMSO and also the president of the HYC, said that the CoMSO, which includes many civil society organizations, will hold the flag raising ceremony tomorrow morning to demand the rights of the people. Government should not implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 9: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today attended the annual Behdieñkhlam celebration in Jowai. The Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, was also present.
It doesn't matter and we are not discouraged," he said.
Embhah said that the Congress party as it is now is no longer the same as before and it is misleading the people with 'tien ja-li ja-um' and only promises.
The union demands that the JHADC under the leadership of Ma Madonbai Rymbai as CEM, should not sleep anymore but should do its duty in the full implementation of the law relating to the “If the JHADC doesn't do anything, we will have to take action,” said the statement.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency urged the students to participate in sports activities. but they should not forget their duty to concentrate on their studies to develop and build their future, because education is one of the foundations of the community. On the part of the chief guest, he said that as a leader of the people, he is determined to develop the area in all aspects in collaboration with the people of the village. One day we will be able to reap the fruits of victory.
Shillong, Lber 16: Bengalura FC have arrived in Shillong to play in the I-League on the 23rd of this month.
On this day, the leaders of the synjut from the party will attend this public meeting to explain the need to have dorbar kur in each kur.
At the same time, it is understood that no statement should be made that may offend anyone.
When the BSF seized the boxes, they found that they were smuggled from the area to Bangladesh.
The Governor said that the BSF is the most paid force in the world in protecting the border of the country. The strong confidence in the BSF troops to work with the spirit of love for their country and to protect the country.
On the other hand, HH Mohrmen told reporters that he has sought information through RTI whether the mining in Nongtalang village has been permitted by the government authorities or not.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSTB) on Tuesday said that at about 11.50 am, near Laitumkhrah Beat House, while he was walking, a loud noise came from behind. he has cleared the way.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that in a meeting with the Cabinet, the Home Minister of India said that the Central Government is considering the ILP demand. Shillong, Naitung 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 731 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the country. Bhoi 114, the total number of cases is
New appointees, selected across the country.
In the first session, the President of India will deliver a speech in the new Lok Sabha and elect the Speaker of the House.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards on Saturday night rushed to the rescue of the victims of the floods. the tree that was cut down from the house of Lat.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said the central government wants to urge the people of the North East to take the opportunity to plant herbal medicines. if there is a forest, there is a fig tree, and if there is a fig tree, there is a forest.
Under the special scheme of MoHFWna for the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, Ayushman Cards have been created using the Ayushman app and distributed face to face to the beneficiaries.
Regarding this allegation, if necessary, as a group, they can meet with the government to talk and requested the people not to be shocked by such unfounded allegations.
The Government is committed to ensuring that online news is accurate and reliable and to prevent any attempt to undermine security, peace, national security, international relations and the peace of India.
The residents of the area suspect that the robbers came from Bangladesh to the village and after committing the robbery they managed to flee back to Bangladesh.
The government has provided government buses to transport the employees but it was seen that many government offices were closed on this day and those who went to work were few.
The 18-member delegation was led by KK Sharma, IPS, Director General BSF, and the DG Level Border Conference between BSF and BGB. The BGB team was led by Major General Abul Hossain, NDDC, PSC and 28 Bangladeshi army chiefs.
I am confident that God has played a role in explaining to us in this Reservation Policy so that they can do the best so that the nation can survive and not be in suffering,” he said. Bah Wahlang.
Youths are advised to arrive one hour early and can call 6033164273 for more information.
Khundrakpam Ronel Singh of Manipur won the gold medal, Kevin John Khyllait of Meghalaya won the silver medal and Mesak won the bronze medal. Vanlalvena in Mizoram.
We hope that this State Government will take action to follow up with the Government of India to fulfill these promises and agreements.
This shows the negligence of the State Government.
On the other hand, the Director of the ACHR said that the languages ​​of the North East recognized by the university are only Manipuri, Bodo and Assamese while the Khasi and Mizo languages ​​are recognized by the university. Their PhD degree has not been recognized within the university.
At the same time, he said that next month, the party will send a final letter to the state government to cancel the recruitment through personal interview so that the The registration shall be clean and free of charge.
"The whole world witnesses and acknowledges the power of India's faith in science, our technology and our science-based thinking," Modi said.
He should not hide.
Conrad said that whatever happens in taking measures to ensure that it does not collapse and to fight for peace with understanding and it should be remembered that the discussion on this issue. is not settling down now.
Prestone said that the list of 41 persons includes the journalists and the law will do whatever is necessary and the outcome of the FIR will be looked into. The Government has directed the DC Shillong to immediately lodge a complaint against these people.
The procedures state that media outlets must provide information in the form provided in advance with articles they have published or videos or audio broadcasts they have published between 10 July 2023 and 25 July 2023.
Regarding the people living on the border with Assam, he said that the registration of those who have names in the two states has progressed, as so far about 24 people have been registered. Meghalaya is also known as Assam.
Dr Werlok Kharshiing, chairman of the union, said that during the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, they discussed the issue that the VAB has been in place for a long time and as the union, they want to expedite the implementation of the VAB. VAB will become law.
All these amounts of money were seized.
Defending champions Mawlai SC ended the round robin stage of the Shillong Premier League 2023 in second place following a whopping 6-1 victory over Nangkiew Irat SC at the SSA Stadium at First Ground, Polo, here today.
They expressed the problem in terms of traveling due to the distance of the villages from one place to another.
The Prime Minister directed to seek assistance from community groups, educational institutions, leaders and religious groups.
The nine Ministers or Basans are from the clans of Basan Lyngdoh Peinlang, Thabah, Pariong, Shipoh, Marthong and Marwein. , & former EM and MDC of KHADC, Mawiang Hima.
Similarly, the Pynursla Area has not been able to prove that they are indeed 'wise and intelligent war people'
The CEC has taken these decisions that the border demarcation should be conducted under the supervision and coordination of the Central Government.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The journey through many obstacles to bring about change in the society of the Khasi people continues even after 25 years, but the leaders and members of the The New Rympei (SRT) did not respond at all.
Seven villages which rely on the Amdap well in the past few months have suffered from water shortage due to the rainfall. haka problem.
Wanseng said that as a village, they cannot accept this action of the KHADC and today they went to the KHADC to ask for forgiveness. On the other hand, the CEM said that he has no information on this matter.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh urged all the parents of the students to cooperate equally with the school authorities as he said that it is only through the spirit of cooperation. work together to promote and improve the quality of education in the villages and the region as a whole.
We like to use whatsapp, Facebook and twitter, we should think whether we can boost the economy through these.
He said that the entry and exit points are one of the ways to prevent the entry of people and at the same time there are other ways to prevent. the government has to think carefully.
In a statement sent by KSU Information & Publicity Secretary Pynshai Rani, KSU said, “It is surprising that according to the advertisement issued on post and this has been confirmed by the Corrigendum issued on 14.09.2022 which should be exactly one post for the Khasi-Jaintia List.
In terms of revenue from the state, in the fiscal year 2023-2024 it will be T.2,636 crore and is expected to increase to 22% of the revenue from the state. The estimated revenue from exchange will be T.3,205 crore, GST revenue will be T.1,785 crore, sales revenue will be T.792 crore and excise revenue will be T.413 crore.
Answering questions, she said that the problem faced by the North East is unemployment, this is the problem faced by all the states now, as the president of the North East. The NPP will work to bring about change in education and the education system should be in line with the job that the child wants to do. tip how to develop skills.
“Some people have told me that Meghalaya has about 3.5 lakh students studying in various colleges and it is the duty of everyone to ensure adequate conditions to improve education, training, promoting employment opportunities and encouraging them to be inquisitive.
In a statement, the HNLC accused Daloi Sutnga of being a powerful person.
Shillong, Lber, 13: The 4th Teachers have decided to hold a strike on Tuesday in front of the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy. , Laitumkhrah, (DSEL) Shillong to demand that the government should increase their salaries.
These BSF personnel were already under quarantine and one from Tripura was admitted to NEIGRIHMS who was tested positive for COVID-1
While listening to the reports from all over the Langrin Constituency, John F Kharshiing said that this time it is clear that Mansturdy Nongrem will return as the MDC who won the election. and who will get the most votes in the MDC Election
The money worth T.1.10 crore was lost from the scene.
On the other hand, the civil society groups urged the Bar Association not to continue to clean up for these two teachers who have been accused of committing this crime.
This Block which opened today will make it easier for the people in their work.
After this, we will prepare recommendations to send to the State Government on what it should do.
There are 332 recoveries, 199 from East Khasi Hills and 50 from Ri Bhoi. 71659 people to date.
On the other hand, the EM said that although these laws have been in place, but until now there has been no punishment for those who smuggle benami and this has encouraged them to commit this illegal activity because there is no you are not punished.
However, it is sad that in the same government which has taken his life by the police, the question is why the government does not want to temporarily suspend the three policemen who are suspected of involvement. in the shooting death of Mr. Cheris.
A meeting was held today among the residents of Nongmynsong to discuss how to maintain peace and order in the village and to take measures to maintain peace and order.
Almost all the Mawphlang MLA Constituency attended the meeting to express their desire for him to contest for the 2018 election.
The Seng also urges those people who used to protect and protect the mynder and also those who commit benami to turn around and think carefully about their actions because this action of theirs is destructive and Encourage these mynder to this extent that they are willing to attack and take the life of our flesh and blood.
: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister through the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya. weapons in the Caribbean Angle.
The EC has already sent a Judicial Inquiry into the matter and the inquiry committee has already sent it to the EC and the EC has brought it to the House and the report has been sent back to the House. The committee shall consider.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie on Tuesday said that the protest of the commercial vehicles against the Government's failure to address their grievances against the excessive price hike of petrol and diesel is serious. meaning and which we have to support.
At the end of the dance, gifts were distributed to all the dancers and a welcome speech was delivered by Rgh Skor Jala, President Seng Khasi Nongmynsong.
On this occasion, the BDO of Mairang has appointed two teachers of the college to be the teachers of the ELC. Aida C War and Phurda Marbaniang and these teachers will become the teachers of the students at this club, said the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum.
The HYC leader said that the HYC is ready to violate the government's policies if the demand is to protect the state and the nation. Wherever there is a Chief Minister, they will go to demand for the state and the nation.
Before the government can implement the MHIS IV scheme, the government has to pay T.70,70,47,938/- to the insurance companies. If this amount has not been paid, the new scheme will not be able to start.
He said that now the officers who used to stay in the office only until 5 pm are working to complete their work many times until 8 pm.
They were Jekyll Marak of Malanggona and Pigu M Sangma.
However, at present this will not work for those who live under the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Mairang, which will be done later.
The need to prepare a Budget proposed, decided and approved once a year by the Dorbar/or Seng Kur should be increased from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: A group of students of the North East Students' Organization (NESO) including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) BJP President Amit Shah's speech on his visit to Assam.
Conrad said that in many villages and rural areas there is a shortage of staff in banks.
She said that the 'Head' or brain is related to the development of intelligence, thinking and reading and that the 'Hand' is related to the ability to do various tasks related to the length also.
K.Kharkamni President KSU NKHD Unit urged the District authorities and the Government of Maghalaya to take immediate action to resolve the border issue and to ensure peace and security of the people living in the area. The border should not end only in talks and reunion with the people living in the border areas.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The public meeting of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri-Hynniewtrep will be held at Nongstoin near the MECOFED office near the petrol pump on Tuesday. this meeting.
Now, when they get money, everyone is a friend, but when they lose it again, even in front of the house they don't want to come out.
On this special occasion, the Prime Minister said that the newly appointed candidates are beginning their most important journey in life and congratulated all the newly appointed candidates and their families.
“The MHA says that the Amendment Bills are in conflict with the laws passed by Parliament because we intend to set up Facilitation Centers or Checkpoints.
Prestone said the law will do what it needs to do, no matter who tries to create ethnic differences, the law will do what it needs to do, because if there is any problem, the government will do what it needs to do. Meghalaya has to take responsibility like the West Bengal government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sandondor President of the Youth Wing said that the Wing has a plan to build houses for the poor in Mawthadraishan and it has been handed over to the Sordar Shnongs to select those who should see this. aid.
The State Government on Tuesday decided to adjust the price of land in New Shillong Township (NST) Phase-II and Mawkhanu area.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 so far is 96435, the total number of recoveries is 94730 and the death toll is
At this juncture, the party has re-elected Rikut N Parien as president for a term of office.
The meeting was chaired by the Prime Minister of India and was attended by the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister of India, the Secretary to Home Affairs, officials of the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources. the group that should be protected from environmental damage.
Dr Pawar said that they have taken steps to allocate more funds for adequate houses.
New Delhi, July 24: A total of 32 children have received the Prime Minister's National Bal Award,
It is the duty of everyone to educate people about the effects of drug use and to help those who have become addicted to repent, he said.
“I have found many times when I was MLA, especially when I was involved in development projects in Shella constituency but I don't hesitate I don't be afraid I tell the truth if there are officers or ministers who want to remove the projects. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
The awards were presented by the MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, while the gifts were presented by the Miss Shillong MDC. Rap's Departmental Store, Saree Palace and Haute Lingerie.
“The grace of God is the glory of all of us,” Modi said.
The site is located opposite the Civil Hospital Shillong on the second floor.
Meanwhile, news reports said that the BSF has been asking the Meghalaya government to complete the fence in the area. The lack of cooperation of the people of the area has allowed criminals from Bangladesh to enter and leave easily after committing crimes in India.
When inquired from the management of Airtel, they replied that there are those who have banned the filling of diesel on the towers. I don't have a network until I wrote this news.
During this visit, the Deputy Commissioner met with the Rangbah Shnong and the officers in charge of the election to understand the preparations for the election in these areas. the election will be held fairly.
The JSU has requested the DGP to strengthen the Anti-Narcotics Task Force in Jaintia Hills, saying that this area is one of the main routes of drugs into the state.
Raju Sharma said the price is low but as a magazine we want to put it in front of the music lovers.
The mask should cover the head, tongue and neck area.
Metbah said the party has directed all the districts to work hard to strengthen and implement the work and said that there will be cooperation for the upcoming MP elections.
That income and trade is still low and lagging behind in our state compared to other states.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident and at the same time the union has requested the leaders and government authorities to provide assistance as soon as possible to the family. that they may have a house to dwell in.
The groups convening the meeting shall ensure that the persons attending the meeting do not carry weapons that could cause any untoward incident and disrupt the peace and order.
Referring to the insurgency, he said it has been controlled.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: At 2.30 pm this morning due to heavy rainfall, the Umngi River has flooded a village in Balat village of South West. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has imposed Section 144 CrPC against the candidates for the mid-term elections. political parties should not post signs on government buildings.
In his speech, Deputy Commissioner Parvin Baskhi said that the border crossing and sports are a sign of the youth in this age and these are the ways to gather the people. The Commission has already prepared for the upcoming election and people between the ages of 18 to 25 years will decide the victory or defeat of the candidates.
The keynote address was delivered by the Rector, St. Anthony's College, Shillong.
The party opposes Conrad Sangma's statement that the Government has not implemented the Act yet and that they will discuss and discuss before taking a decision.
After the discussion on the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition, when asked for his opinion whether he will withdraw the motion of no confidence, said the Executive Committee. On the other hand, Bah Lamphrang said he could not decide and left it to the Chairman to take a decision.
“We too can put up notices and we can strongly warn them because their actions destroy the freedom of worship in Meghalaya.
In collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the JSU has selected 40 members to donate blood on this occasion.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Batskhem Lyngdoh Nonglait, brother of Kyrmenskhem Lyngdoh Nonglait, said that his brother was shot and tied on Saturday by a foreigner called Raju who works in a factory. hotel located in the village of Erpakon.
On the implementation of the Smart City, the Minister of Urban Affairs said that there is a share in which the state government has to share the cost, from T.1040/- crore to the state government. T.350/- crore.
The work they will do is heavy no matter what it is.
Shillong, July 28: A Night Supperka bus overturned at Mawblei this morning, killing one person and injuring more than 30 others.
He said that up to 413 people have been affected in the district and up to 50 hectares of farmland have been damaged.
It is very surprising how these employees and contract vans are allowed to register their addhar numbers when they see the white mark on the syrnod without checking the original documents.
The union also wants to inform the government that it is the responsibility of the government to pay their salaries because they have done the job, they know that this SSA teaching job is it is the responsibility of the central government, but it is also the responsibility of the government to raise funds to pay their salaries.
After seeing the suspension of the contractor who is constructing the Umshaken to Umjari Bridge which has been suspended for decades without completion.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) will start a two-month strike tomorrow morning to stop teaching in adhoc and deficit schools and will end on the 4th of this month. September.
Regarding the peace and order, the police have ensured that there will be no incident.
At this meeting, it was also announced that a CT Scan Machine will soon arrive to facilitate the public to be tested at this place to avoid going abroad. shiphew years ei until it appears outside is the reason why you have to take good care of it.
Bah Phrangsngi was granted bail on 2nd June, 2014, by the Nongpoh Magistrate's Court.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that no information has been received yet that the land in South West Khasi Hills has been registered with the GHADC. KHADC has refused to seek clarification from the Syiem who is in charge of the land.
The body of the two children was found this morning in Shillong. The accused of killing the two children is the father. Jefferson was arrested by the police this evening.
The Sessions Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, after the final hearing of the case on the murder of Bah Trebor Hinge in Nangbah, has sentenced Ram Dhar to life imprisonment.
Persons are prohibited from entering and leaving these containment zones except for activities related to the provision of essential services such as patient care and peacekeeping along with activities related to government work.
The FSSAI has also advised the Food Safety Departments of the States and UTs to be vigilant and take strong measures to punish those who commit such illegal activities under the FSS Act, rules under this Act.
Therefore, he urged all those in the Khasi Jaintia Hills to think before including the Khasi alphabet in the Eight Schedule, which has not been requested for a long time. it is still being used in all aspects.
He had requested RTI in October this year from the Secretary of the Sein Jaintia but has not yet received a reply. He has also written to the President of the Sein Jaintia, Bah Toki Blah. He said that the party should convene a public meeting according to the constitution of the party which stipulates that the dorbar should be held every two years but this has not been done either, said Bah Lamki.
As MeDUNET, their only wish is to provide medicine and treatment facilities to those who have become addicted to alcohol.
The KSU has made it clear that they don't want to have a colony of anyone and this place should not be a place for foreigners from any state like Jhalupara, Saw furlong, Jail Road, RR Colony, Laban and Mawlong Market Area.
In other districts, 1 BSF personnel were deployed in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Carolina, 1 in North Carolina and 10 in West Garo Hills. Upper Mawprem, 2 from Civil Hospital, 3 from Mawlai Nongkwar who tested positive at NEIGRIHMS, one from Woodland and one from Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that his presence in politics has brought about many changes in the state as a whole in terms of the people. without limits.
In the letter, the CEM of KHADC who is also the MDC of Sohra Constituency also expressed the concern of the residents of Sohra area due to the current situation of Covid-1
At this meeting, the leaders of the GHSMC and the HSPDP party will work together to set up a Coordination Committee to move forward with this demand from the central government and the central theme of this demand will be on language and culture.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, Secretary of Shong Shella, has sent a letter to the Assistant Executive Engineer, MeECL, Sohra and also to the MLA of Shella, Bah Balajied Kupar. Synergy.
Process T Sawkmie, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Mayralborn Syiem, MLAs, MPCC President Vincent H Pala and Pynshngiang MDC were also present.
Replying to the EM in charge, the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngiang N Syiem said that this is to curb the authority of some villages or Hima which has been delayed. it is better than the earth.
On the other hand, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang expressed his anger over the stinginess of the Labor Inspector of the State Government in charge of this area. In fact, the Seng has already informed in time, the Seng after receiving information that the Labor Inspector in charge of Mylliem Block has not received a room to At the Block Office at 5mer, Upper Shillong, the Seng immediately met with the BDO Mylliem Block to discuss the matter. karma for the Labor Inspector.
On the other hand, on the issue of Village Councils and Municipal Councils, Bah Samuel said that although the Bill states that they will not work in Meghalaya, there is another word that says: shall remain until further notice by the Governor of the State.
After Chandrayaan-3, the Indian Space Research Organization launched a solar mission.
“In the list of the 10 best programs in independent India, the Aspirational District Program will stand out,” he said.
Dhar, who is also the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, said that the New Shillong Jail will be on par with the Central Jail, where prisoners and those under trial will be held. he shall be saved.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the police have so far investigated the use of force and the police will continue to investigate.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the Total Sanitation Campaign implemented by the Water Supply Department in the state has not been able to provide adequate toilets because the price is too low.
In this regard, she promised to take action on this matter and to give a copy to the Seng after they have done the necessary things.
Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills District have arrested another drug trafficker in connection with the arrest of two drug traffickers on the 24th of this month from Nongmensong.
The two areas which Meghalaya has recognized as part of Meghalaya are Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Langpih, Borduar, Boklapara, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Khanapara-Pillangkata, Desh Doomreah, Block-I. -Block-II, Khanduli-Psiar, Ratacherra.
Pynshngian said whether the Governor and the government cannot remove the people elected by the House because it is not a shuthung or shujied. elected and he has to struggle inside the House to prove a majority.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 11 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills District. after.
When asked about the areas where the Governor wants to get clarification on MRSA, the Minister said there is no need for clarification as the Governor has looked into all the issues regarding this. He said that nothing can be done, but there are areas to discuss with the central government as there have been discussions before.
In YSR-Congress ruled Andhra Pradesh, the price of petrol is T.110.48/litre and diesel is T.98.27/litre, up to T.10 higher than in Karnataka. The price of oil is T.101.94/litre and T.87.89/litre.
The three selected athletes are Raj Biswa, Kishan Lyngdoh and Arbin Singh. The training will run from 24th June to 18th June 2023. The 25th athletes from North have been selected. after.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The National Institute of Fashion Technology, Shillong today held its 3rd Convocation at NEHU where 43 students today received their degrees from the university. city ​​of Shillong.
Further improvement in educational attainment in all areas by focusing on teaching and learning through the mother tongue at the pre-school level.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the fight against terrorism in Kashmir is at a critical stage. I have decided to do this.
Attempts to delay important public issues are no longer new and we would not be surprised.
IIT Madras and BHU are the implementing teams of the programme.
He informed the Union Minister that BSNL has informed John F Kharshiing that it has to temporarily use the tower of the Power Grid to provide the link to the North East.
Speaking at the briefing, KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “To reach the heights of heroes does not depend on age but on the work we do for the country and you are a human being.
At that time we should not forget that the Congress was in power in the country and in Manipur but there was no support from the ruling party at that time, have you forgotten that Rahul Gandhi? “Now if the BJP brings peace measures and to resolve the incident in Manipur, Rahul Gandhi will come and set fire to it but these are the ways of working of the Congress from the past,” the BJP said. “Just to remind Rahul Gandhi that violence is the policy of the Congress and the successor leaders as well.
Bah Najim urged the Minister in charge of Electricity to take action to address this issue of the people of Ri Bhoi West and the MeECL employees to take action for the benefit of the people and that the people too. Shillong, Nailar 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 42 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 12 in Eastern West Khasi Hills and 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 4, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 16, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills
Police in charge of Rani Beat Out Post on receiving this information rushed to the scene and in this incident the suspects opened fire on the police, but as there were children, the police did not fire back. don bun that riew public.
He said that if the government does not listen to this demand after the march, they will take other protests which they cannot announce yet. The march on 17/10/2022 will be held on All the contract employees of MeECL are in Meghalaya.
During the raid, BSF and Police seized 7,050 kilos of sugar and 6,050 kilos of kwai tyrkhong from a house near the border.
Group Captain Vijesh Valsalan, Commanding Officer, urges everyone to attend the event and spread the word to make it a grand success.
The announcement will continue until further notice, said the Superintendent of Traffic Police.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Fourteen villages in the Sumer District who rely on the Rimanar Bridge at Samasi have gathered to inspect the damage to the bridge.
At this meeting, the Prime Minister said that they have decided to select people to be the founders of this month and the government will receive assistance from the government and this will be as encouraging people to start their own businesses.
Lyngdoh said the decision not to contest the election even though his name has already been announced was taken at a meeting held at the residence of MPCC President DD Lapang in on the 16th of this month and ordered them to support the NCP candidate as the NCP is working within the government.
To ensure cleanliness, the KHADC will send officers to receive special training in the struggle for cleanliness. He said that the RRC today in Mawroh will be an example for others. villages which the KHADC will not build.
In his speech, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla explained the contribution of the freedom fighters of the North East and said that the freedom struggle began in The struggle against the British began throughout India.
He said that if he wins, the first thing he will do is to advocate for the price hike in food and beverages and to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne, Grace Mary Kharpuri EM, Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa,im Ainam Syiem and the Cabinet, Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang. Deputy Commissioner Matsiewdor W Nongbri, SP East Khasi Hills C Lyngwa and many other officers.
The same weakening has been done under the RTI Act. It is clear that the appointment of officers in the Directorate of Investigation and Directorate of Prosecution within the office of the Lokayukta is illegal.
The Adviser of the UDP Amlarem Unit, Bah Kolmen Pohshna, has appealed to the people of Amlarem Constituency to join hands with the people of Amlarem Constituency as has been seen in the past five years through the hard work of the MLA. the region in connection with the introduction of Govt.
“He also said that Rohit Prasad has been appointed to develop the NEHU App for the benefit of the students.
“Prepare yourselves to contest the elections to see whether women can rule and provide adequate services, clean and different,” she said.
The age has changed dramatically from that age in the past.
Sanbor said that the message from here to the whole of Khasi Jaintia to expel the rich, elect the villagers because of blood and blood because they know better and during the elections they buy with the If you lose money, that nation will still have to face these problems.
With this cash award from the Central Government, SKMP has awarded 1st – 10th positions every year to those who have passed well in the Examination Class X.I. Kong Harlismon Tariang is the Founder Member. of the Meghalaya Chapter in 1972 after Meghalaya became a full state.
It is pleasant to see the peace and stability, the government has also taken steps to resolve the border with Assam by signing a soskular in seven areas where there is no trade. the 12 that have already been mentioned.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the cost of the National Games is estimated at T.1500 crore.
Regarding the complaints between the companies that submitted tenders, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare urged the companies to appeal to the Tender Committee if they have any complaints.
Shillong, March 24: Nearly 1000 people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District have attended a public meeting convened by the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar.
The election will be held on the 06th June, 2023 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Replying to a question by Symbut, Chief Minister Prestone said the government has directed the DC to investigate into the matter as the government has not yet allowed foreigners to enter the state. come to the factories to work.
Dr Jemino said that the party is confident of winning the GHADC Assembly elections to be held on 12th June. The party leaders have left to support the party candidates. .
Tura, June 03: Pawan Hans Limited today clarified the allegation by the National People's Party (NPP) that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has misused the helicopter.
These two schemes are the Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme, which has two parts. For those who give birth at home, the first child receives T.2000/- and Asha receives T.2000/-. T.500/-, for those who go to the hospital, the midwife should receive T.4000/- and the Asha should receive T.1000/-.
In his speech, Sports Minister Zenith Sangma said that it should be remembered that the duty of the students is to focus on their studies in order to shape their future.
Dr Mukul said that under the NPP-led MDA government, it has been alleged that jobs have been created only for a few people and many people have lost their jobs. .
Shillong, Lber 27: The meeting of the Hima Hima Mylliem on Tuesday, March 26, 2013, to discuss the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule, was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Shillong. To appoint a Legislative Committee of 40 members (10 Ministers, 10 Raid Nongsynshar, 10 Rangbah Shnong, 5 Pleaders along with the Syiem as Chairman, and Syiem Khynnah as Vice-Chairman) to review these new provisions of the Sixth Schedule and empowered the Syiem to appoint and co-opt any members according to the needs of the office. The Legislative Committee of 40 members will meet on the 15th April 2013 at the Mylliem Hima Dorbar Hall. The Legislative Committee will meet with the 14 MDCs, KHADC on the 24th April The Hima Mylliem will submit the report of the Legislative Committee before the Hima Dorbar which will meet again on the 1st May 2013 at the Hima Dorbar.
The KNGCSU has also sent letters to the two Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya, Roshan Warjri in charge of Higher and Technical Education and Deborah C. Marak in charge of School Education and Literacy. meghalaya.
We have our constitutional right to express by crying, laughing and shouting.
He and other young men without fear and intimidation have sat in prison only to ensure that the future of the Jaidbynriew and future generations will be a bright and free from violence and persecution. route.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Renikton said that what the KSU youths have expressed is to be taken to the government and it will be up to the government whether the government will accept those expressions. and yes.
The purpose of the Youth Parliament is to train the youth to understand the working methods of the government in terms of development projects.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Block Development Officer of Mawthadraishan Community and Rural Development today visited all the households who were affected by the tragic incident of torque overturning on Tuesday morning. people were killed and 62 others injured.
This action of the Moists violated human rights.
One was the Inter Dong Knock Out Football Tournament which was held only for the villages of Tyrsad area and in this match Umkaber FC won against Laitmawpen FC 3-1, and the other was Young Star FC beat Lawbah FC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
New Delhi Jymmang 05: The Union Government will allocate up to T.33097.2 crore to the North Eastern States of India through 56 different agencies of the Union Government, the Minister said. Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of DoNER.
After the signing of the soskular on the border with Bangladesh, the Central Government should set up a Visa and Passport Office in this area. set a single time zone for this region.
According to the decision of the government, from 16/10/2020 the government has decided to send payment for the COVID-19 test and this payment is only for those who are households. those who have been identified as having sufficient income, while those households who have been identified as poor are still being tested by the government.
The curfew will remain in force from 11 pm to 5 pm until further notice, the District Magistrate said in a statement issued today.
They understand that to do this will not be possible but to have a kthong as they said it should be 12 years. it’s that the process is slow.
Two other persons were arrested from Tripura and the bus was intended to be sent to ISBT in Guwahati. The arrested persons were handed over to the police. in Umkiang to do whatever is required according to the law.
Others will be tested again in four or five days.
At present, the PHE has drawn water from the well near the Manik Pump in Khlieh Umbuit village and run pipes for 23 kilometers to deliver it to the Barato area. Shillong, July 19: During the two months from 8th to 19th July 2017, the State Police have received four complaints regarding rape in the area. There are different countries in the state of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has always requested for the presence of police from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government and many times due to unforeseen incidents the Central Government has not provided them. what the state is asking for.
Shillong, March 21: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has announced that there are 250 Durga Puja places in the state, 123 places of worship in Khasi Hills and 123 places of worship in Khasi Hills. There are 11 pandals in Garo Hills and 116 in Garo Hills.
The Government has also introduced amendments to the Meghalaya Health Service Rule and included the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board. job within the health system such as Doctor.
The Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station, while talking to SP News Agency, said that they have violated the law and that violation of the law is that today the vehicles with Odd Numbers, but Event Numbers that are not allowed.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Electricity, Bah Peter Lawai, he said that the increase in light bill has been excessive. over tens of thousands this is completely unacceptable.
These robbers are buses outside the state, they come in the morning and when they get the robbery they leave the city.
Compatriots, the solution to the problems – with time, aspirations, determination and achievement – ​​we are walking together at this time.
Therefore, the Dorbar strongly condemns this attack by the members of the party against the members of the youth party which is unacceptable.
I will try to fight back.
“The Government needs to set up a special scheme for the construction and improvement of roads to farmland,” the statement said.
Bah Disphrim said that as the residents of the area, they have met with their leaders from time to time to discuss the problem of this road which has affected the residents. especially when carrying the sick.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Andrias Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Langrin Hima, today said that the KHADC has given its support to the KHADC which has removed the Acting Syiem of the Langrin Hima, Nongtei Singh Syiemiong. come king.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that this is a political issue where even if the leaders want to join another party, they can do it and cannot be blamed. to others.
The state government has decided to convene a special session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to take a decision on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 15: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that one more person has died of COVID-19 in the state today. Basanti Das, 54, of Oakland Road, Shillong, has risen to 131 so far.
At the same time, the Eastern Central Area Unit has received a speech from the father of this family who has faced this problem. KSU Mawryngkneng Circle General Secretary Samla Skhem Shadap said that the KSU Mawryngkneng Circle has been working hard to find ways and means to help this family.
The action of some people to say that the interim president has been removed is wrong because the party has to follow the rules of procedure and cannot just remove anyone from office.
The factory on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been affected by the monthly protests and has had to be closed down.
Shillong, July 13: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Bantreidor Lyngdoh regarding the Central Agricultural University. eat the feast.
Vajpayee was a man who valued India's relations with neighboring countries and can be said to have initiated India's Neighborhood First policy.
In the 1960s, Sten Gustaf Thulin, a Swedish engineer, discovered more and more ways to make the stinging plastics we use today in the market.
On this occasion, the president of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, honored the volunteers by giving them mementos in recognition of their willingness to surrender until they were imprisoned. part of the freedom struggle.
Shillong, Lber 05: The BSF troops from time to time have arrested Bangladeshis coming from Bangladesh or going to Bangladesh, but the state government has remained silent.
The students made the film as part of a one-year partnership and graduated from FTII in 2023.
Shillong, July 9: The All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle Owners' and Drivers Union (AMVU) has decided to join hands with the drivers and owners of vehicles including local taxis, tourists, city buses and other passenger vehicles.
The event was opened by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister, Deriti and Mattithaw, and Suwari who congratulated the unions who have organized this event which should proclaim the contribution of the talented people of the society. society doesn't remember anymore.
The hostel can accommodate 400 students from the North East who wish to study at JNU. The foundation stone of the North East Convention Center at Dwarka, New Delhi will also be laid.
The Khnam Shooting Competition was divided into two categories, one for Group Shooting and the other for Individual Shooting.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Assam Regimental Center (ARC) has banned the public from walking on the footbridge on the Wah Umkhen which was built by the British. This area is under the jurisdiction of the army and is known as the A-1 defense land.
Shillong, July 19: Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah addressed the 71st Plenary Session of the North Eastern Council in Shillong today.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The HANM today met with the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma and urged them to speak Khasi and Garo in the Assembly.
At the same time, he strongly criticized the Governor for delaying the passage of the MRSSA Amendment Ordinance 2019, the Act on the Powers and Functions of the ILP and demanded that the Governor should immediately sign the MRSSA Amendment Ordinance This is the Ordinance.
The collapse of this tree happened during the heavy rainfall this morning, but there were many people walking and standing in this area as most of them were students. don't go to college in this area.
The aim is to encourage people to start healthy activities such as running and sports in their daily lives.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Police have arrested the leader of HANM who holds the post of president of Balat constituency.
There should be no more than the Lakshman Rekha line of distance from each other.
"At the moment, a full investigation has not yet begun," he added.
There have been 256 recoveries from all districts in the state, 155 from East Khasi Hills, 58 from West Garo Hills and 58 from Ri. Bhoi 12 cases, the total number of recoveries so far has risen to 88269 so far.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Regarding the incident in Sabuda, the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District has sent police to investigate to find out the truth of the allegation that Mawnongrim was laid by the state. Assam.
The Government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to provide assistance of Rs 4 lakh each for the deceased and the money should be paid through the office of the Block Development Officer of Thadlaskein Block. .
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills today submitted four demands to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri to provide all the facilities. Government health facilities which have been left idle for years for the benefit of the people of the area.
At the same time, the JSU requests all schools and school principals not to discourage the students of Class Nine, but also requests them to help them find ways and means. so that students don’t lose focus on this.
The scientific trick of the poiei is to show that they are playing the victim card while from the outside they are the ones who started to attack the Khasi as happened recently at Keatinge Road and NEHU. to unite and order in such a time when a terrible flood is waiting to cover the Khasi minority.
Whether it is the curfew, the ringing of the bell, the clapping of hands or the clapping of plates, all these have made the country understand the power of unity in such times of trial.
In the 3 kilometer race, Bethyne Grace Makri won the first prize of 2500 tyngka and a gold medal. Barihun Kharjahrin won the second prize of 100 tyngka. 1500 tyngka and a silver medal while Anrisha Klein, who came third, won 1000 tyngka and a bronze medal.
On the other hand, the Seng demands that the Government should cancel this decision until the disease has subsided and until the State is clean from this disease.
On behalf of the Escorting Officers including Bah Bobby Wahlang, Bah KR Nongbri and on behalf of the youth of the state who went to take part in the Assam Youth Festival Thank you very much to Bah FN Dopth, Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Govt.
Replying to a question by Himalaya Shangpliang regarding the relocation of the NEEPCO office to Guwahati, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that there has never been such a relocation of the NEEPCO office from Shillong. What is in Guwahati is only the branches of NEEPCO.
The race will be held at the Air Force Station, Borjhar, Assam and the other matches will be held at the Airmen Selection Centre, VIP Chowk, Borjhar, Assam.
Answering questions, Mawsor said that on behalf of the president, Bah HS Lyngdoh at the meeting today, he said that this is the decision of the majority which should be approved.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Water Affairs, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrim, he said that the meeting with the Minister of State for Water Resources, Bah Samlin today was to The support of the Ministers is needed if the Government does not take a decision to implement it.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner in Nongstoin will be open on the 29th and 30th of this month.
Diana Kharkongor, who was raised by her parents Sisdora Kharkongor and Tiancy Kharkongor, received her Doctor of Philosophy degree in the field of research known as.
On the other hand, the KSU has asked the Minister to do this as soon as possible.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today called the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) to discuss the issues faced by them. will be at 12 noon.
The celebration was held at the NEIAH premises in Mawdiangdiang from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm.
My discussions with Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid at the Summit will focus on our many relations with Dubai.
FKJGP Mawsynram constituency has confirmed its new office bearers as President, Kyrmenskhem Shangdiar and Klining Dewsaw as Vice Presidents and Kenesjune Nonglait as General Secretary and Secretary General. Helessing Syiemlieh and Artis Kharbisnop were elected as Assistant Secretaries and other office bearers were also elected by Elton Warjri President of the party. East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, Minister C Kharkongkor said that the inspection is not the first time but it is the first time that the Hima has not allowed people to stay in the market. and the kingdom has laws and regulations ready to do whatever is necessary.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills has ordered the dissolution of the students' union at Tura Government College and not to allow its current members to take part. in the new election of office bearers.
Shillong, July 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government wants India to celebrate its 75th Independence Day. India should resolve the border between the North Eastern states.
On the other hand, the MLA urged us to continue to express our faith by praying and asking for forgiveness so that this epidemic will end and move to the end of the month. Day.
In the presence of the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, the Yoga was held in accordance with the directive of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Elvis Kyrsian President of RBYWO said that they have received information that the school has tried to hold the meeting on this day and the RBYWO has gone to close down and met with the Dean of the school.
The final decision of the Council was that the EC has introduced a 2nd Amendment Bill to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District.
The Chief Minister said that they will read these reports thoroughly and after reading them, a meeting will be convened with the groups to discuss the matter.
The Government does not want to leave this task to the Central Government.
The KSU congratulates the residents of Lapangap for their efforts to protect their border.
This numbering is not only for the shops within the market, but also for the shops within the Cantonment which are still near Mawlong Market and for the shops in Motphram which are within Wahthapbroo. .
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The election campaign for the Mawkyrwat MDC candidate was held on 14th February 2014 at Mawkyrwat Market. The election campaign meeting was conducted by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA, Deputy. Chief Minister, who is also the President of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee (MBCC).
Christians from different religions have lit up their churches with beautiful decorations and the Christmas Eve service will be bright and bright.
Shillong, November 10: The KHNAM party has demanded that the government should pass a strong law to fight corruption. in this state.
The GNLA leader said that their desire to talk peace as they have proposed is in the dark now. He said that the chief minister feels that he can do magic. I don't think that the GNLA can be used by force to overthrow it.
On the same day, the PDF also launched 16 priority issues including to bring in a corruption free government, to strengthen the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution and also to empower the Rangbah Shnongs through laws, to pass laws for farmers, labourers, to fight against the employment problem and others.
For those shops under the jurisdiction of Pasture Beat House Police Part III, Part IV under Lumdiengjri Police Station and Part VII under Mawlai Police Station those which should have opened on Saturday will have to open on Thursday morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The NEHU Inter College Women Football Tournament 2023 will come to an end tomorrow morning when Lady Keane College will play against Sngap. The match will be played at 9.30 pm.
In the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs, regarding the demand of the NCP, said that they will look into the matter. this is your claim.
Church leaders, Rangbah Shnong Mawpat and members of the NPP were also present at the donation. He said that he has the aim to provide services to the people and expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister for extending his hand through this scheme which has been received today.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle, after receiving many complaints from the people of the area, regarding the illegal activities of trucks carrying cows in War Jaintia Circle, has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident. This is because at such times when the Covid-19 pandemic has spread rapidly around the world.
The registration ceremony was also held on this day and this will continue until the 2nd of October.
The President of the Central Puja Committee, Naba Bhattacharya, said that the people of Meghalaya, from all ethnic groups and religions, have always celebrated all the religious activities with joy and happiness. it will send a message of peace in the future as well.
Shillong Lajong are currently in second place with 10 points from four games and have nine games left in the I-League.
Major General Gurdip Singh, Chief of Staff HQ 101 Area, in his speech, said that the exhibition was held to mark the 50th anniversary of the arrival of the Army in Shillong.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday decided to hold a mass protest by sleeping in the middle of the National Highway-6 at Khliehriat.
Other sources said that after the JYF leader did not return home as usual, a search operation was conducted and the body of JYF was found in the early hours of this morning. he or she died as a result of her injuries.
However, even at that time, the BSF personnel sent me to apologize by touching their feet and tried to forcefully remove my clothes and patlun to clean me,” he said. furthermore Dr. Buam.
The special session of the Legislative Assembly is to pass the Draft Meghalaya Gross Tax Services 2017, said the Chief Minister. GST will come into force across India from 1st November
Up to 68 youths and children from Wahkhen village came to take part in this day, who experienced yoga for the first time in the village.
He said the government will do its utmost to work for the welfare of the people.
He promised to be the spokesman of the jaidbynriew in Parliament to speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew and to be the voice to raise the voice of the jaidbynriew on many issues including ILP, Language. Khasi, to strengthen the Sixth Schedule and other issues.
When asked by SP News Agency whether it is true that the government has not allowed the export of jhur from Meghalaya to other states, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that it is true. acknowledge communication on many levels.
Officials from the Ministry of Water Resources of the Government of Meghalaya have personally visited the area to inspect the damage caused by the river to the village.
Up to T.6000 per annum is transferred to the bank accounts of farmers through direct benefit transfer.
Besides this doctor, others who received the Police Medal for Meritorious Service on the occasion were Ram Binod Singh, Inspr (GD), 11 Bn BSF, Harender Singh, Inspr (GD). ), 30 Bn BSF, M Ravi, Inspr(GD), 19 Bn BSF, Suresh Kr Sharma, Sub-Inspr(GD), 11 Bn BSF and Sube Singh, Sub-Inspr(GD), 123 Bn BSF. Shillong, July 03: The Host City Contract for the hosting of the 39th National Games 2022 in Meghalaya today was signed.
Shillong, July 3: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 552 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 6352 people are still suffering from the disease.
Marylborn said that the Chief Minister has promised that this road will be one of the priority projects, and to take action for the benefit of the people.
In 2017, the People Democratic Front (PDF) won four MLAs, two of whom were Jason S Mawlong and Hamletson Dohling. Banteidor Lyngdoh and Gavin Miguel Mylliem will contest the 2023 election from the same party.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to
West Garo Hills Police have received an order from the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura to arrest Bernard and not to release him on bail. and arrested from Uttar Pradesh tonight, police have to make arrangements to bring him to Meghalaya.
The Seng itself from the very beginning has opposed the Government of India's intention to pass this Bill because as the Seng does not agree with the Government's intention to forcibly citizenship of people from Bangladesh, Afghanistan. and Pakistan, which are Hindu, Jain, Sikh, Buddhist, Persian and Christian.
After the speech by these elders, other elders from the area also took part in the meeting where they expressed their concerns about the problems faced in the society which have affected many especially in the field of customs and traditions. by people who take advantage of trade and other benefits as citizens of the state.
What is the point of saying that the District Council has no power?
With the aim of treating these alcoholics, the CSAPC has opened this treatment center in Guwahati and this center will cover Shillong as well in collaboration with the CSAPC. Manbha Foundation is located in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 231 people have recovered from COVID-19 positive and 21 people have tested positive today. .
The meeting to be held in Jaipur is to allow government ministers to discuss how to renew the MMDR (Amendment) Act which came into force on 2015 and this Act has also been adopted in the exploitation of other mineral resources such as minor minerals.
In this incident, these trees have fallen on another electricity post and in this incident, the electrical post has fallen on a Maruti car and damaged it. No one was injured in the incident.
A case has been registered at Mawlai Police Station and a case has been registered under sections C/No.45(05)2023 u/s 419/420 IPC or 66D IT Act. 419/420 IPC.A group of pukni birds which have been nesting for more than two months in Lad Demthring village in West Jaintia Hills District have suddenly attacked a meat shop near Amlarem Road. Dawki because he didn't work too hard and didn't get food.
Even the Syiem who holds the customs and traditions and the beliefs of the children of the thousands of the kingdom has clearly violated them and this is an encouragement to others to marry cleanly.
As there is no sign showing which side still falls under Assam and which side falls under Meghalaya, the police had to rush to the place where they came and were not forced to avoid. “The people of Assam have stood firm and admitted that they are on the side of Assam and stopped expelling them,” said the SP. our Police force.
Shillong, March 04: The BJP party under the leadership of Narendra Modi has decided to move away from corruption and become a corruption free government. and this is clearly stated in the party's election manifesto.
At this public meeting, he strongly criticized that instead of looking after the coal industry according to the decision of the Supreme Court, the government has spent the night in driving trucks and does not have time to look after the decision of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court will not save the people, said Bah Erwin.
During the BSF investigation, he said that he came to Kaehirgati village and works as a teacher at Pagal Madrassa in South Sunamganj. India for the first time.
The flooding of the Wah Umkhrah has turned the road at Mawlai Nongpdeng behind the Seng Khasi College which connects the National Highway into a flood. eiei on the road.
“Bah PN Syiem, the Congress candidate, said that this election is more important and special.
“Twenty-four hours, the Police are on alert and we will not allow such activities, whether it is just a rumor or whether it is just a plan of some people or they may just young men who want to live a rich life by forming a new group.
The AJYWO also urges the people of Jaintia Hills especially in East Jaintia Hills to surprise the people now to take over all the business activities that have been taken over by the AJYWO. the foreigners and the foreigners.
Some of the prominent organizations which attended the meeting of the PSC besides the three Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya were the Federation of Khasi State which includes the Village Headmen. the Union of Village Authorities of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, which includes the Dorbar Shnongs.
The ease of the robbers to enter these villages is because the border with Bangladesh in the area has not yet been cleared.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The mother of the King of Bhutan, His Majesty Gyalyum Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck, met with the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Saturday.
Answering questions, Bah Lyngdoh said, “How can the Chairman of the District Council take over the leadership of the Parliamentary Party? and I resigned myself, and did nothing else.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Kharnaior said, “I was first at Ganesh Das Hospital and I saw that Ganesh Das Hospital was very crowded. The CHC should be able to provide full services especially to the poor women.
This has caused a lot of traffic jam in the area and it has taken four or five days for trucks to enter Bangladesh.
The Seng has made it clear that if these students of this school cannot get proper education how can the government think for them? ways and means so that students can receive accurate training before they prepare themselves to write their examinations.
The Prime Minister said that as the work in this field is no longer a small job, it is necessary to have adequate policies to ensure that it runs smoothly according to the rules of various laws. at the same time not to violate the laws relating to mining.
“Thanks be to God for allowing the Hima Khyrim to come and witness this ceremony of prayer and prayer in which this day was a success”.
The namesShishu, Kishore and Tarunki also indicate the level of progress of the borrower and investment needs.
For the next two months, Monsoon Salon will offer a 30% discount.
He said the state has about 7000 villages and the need for ASHAs will be about 7000 people.
The party has decided to hold a public meeting at Shnong Smit in 2013. The party has decided to hold a public meeting at Shnong Smit in 6th March 2017 to take action on this matter.
The reason is that there are too many illegal gates.
Meanwhile, the District Administration has imposed a curfew on the market and its surroundings.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Governor of Meghalaya, in a decree, has said that on the first day of the 20th of this month, there will be a public holiday in the districts of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. , Ri Bhoi District.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, who is also a member of the club, has been informed of the incident. for fear that they might lose their jobs, they would not listen.
This is a threat to the nation.
Government protocols should be maintained from urban to rural areas.
Forty field officers have also been appointed to assist the PACS in running their activities.
The annual fair was held at Madhavpur Ghed in Porbandar district and this year the fair will start on 2nd June, the day after the Ram Navami festival.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Agnes Kharshiing and Angela Rangad have lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station to investigate the allegation that there was a mistake in passing the students. They have applied to the court to order the police to register a case against the teaching examination in government schools.
During the search, police recovered an SBBL rifle, 2 unused rounds of ammunition and 3 mufflers. At the same time, police arrested the driver of the vehicle. area.
Shillong, July 02: Shillong Police today arrested two members of the KSU on suspicion of involvement in the petrol bomb blast on a police vehicle at Nongsynsong Lailad. -05P-8518 This bus was arrested by the police.
All the MDCs of the PDF will be present on this occasion. As it was revealed from the speech of the CEM of KHADC, after this meeting with the civil society, the EC will sit down to discuss. how to walk in this matter.
If the demand for the relocation of these BSF personnel from these areas is not met, the union will consider another step.
Those who left were those who came to work and now they have left for their villages.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Eddy K Pohtam.
Shillong, November 23: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced its candidates for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held on 27th June .
Other states in the North East of India include Bodoland, Tripaland, Karbi Anglong, and others which demand their own state.
New Delhi, July 18: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today held a video conferencing meeting with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra.
According to letter No. EL.73/2022/160 dated 3rd March
According to the Bill, which was introduced in the House today, anyone who does not respect the customs and traditions of the Khasi in the marriage will lose his Khasi identity.
Nongpoh, June 16: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today appointed its office bearers in Ri Bhoi District at a meeting held at the Sajer Dorbar Hall in Nongpoh.
The amount that MCCL has to pay till 30th November 2020 is T.60.75 crore. For this reason, the government can no longer support MCCL and has to work with private companies.
In conclusion, the new President of FKS, Syiem Khynnah Hima Nongkhlaw and the Adviser of FKS, who congratulated all the elders who have taken care of these rights of the Khasi Hima and said that the time will come. Therefore, the children of thousands will understand the value of the struggle of Syiem Tirot Singh and Kiang Nongbah which continues to this day against the laws that come to violate his rights. son of a thousand.
Special programs of the Government of India, Khelo India and Fit India will be the main parts of the consultation.
This is the statement issued by Pauldeep Tongwah President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Banwari Lal Joshi, an IPS officer, has been appointed as the Governor of these three states and the Union Territory of Delhi.
He said that the Congress in Meghalaya is still strong and as a party it needs to do many things to regain the trust of the people.
“I as the Deputy Commissioner can open the road or any building that has been completed,” he said.
What they don't want is just talk about order, they want the actual realization of this order.
The recruitment process was clean and transparent and the youths were taken to check the documents of all the jobs in the area.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that no deaths have been reported today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1439 so far.
Speaking on the new law on persons with disabilities, he said that the Right to Persons With Disabilities Act, 2016, has empowered the Commissioners to punish those who harass people. who have a disability.
If the government makes its own law for the reservation of teachers, it is suggested that it should be 93% combined reservation for STs, 2% for SCs and % for unreserved persons should be followed.
He firmly believes that films in India are now spread all over the world.
The residents of Muriap, Mynriah, Madanmyni and other villages have registered their names in the electoral roll of Meghalaya.
Bah Lakador Syiem explained in detail about the harmful effects of drugs through a presentation on the topic “Ill Effect of Drugs on Youth and Society” and explained in detail about the three types of drugs, Natural Drug, Semi Synthetic Drug and Synthetic Drug.
The race will start from Iewsier Road, Mawtnum, Ri-Bhoi District and end near the gate of Nepali Secondary School, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of 25-Mawsynram Constituency on Tuesday said that he has demanded that the Central Government should increase the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) from from 100 days to 200 days.
Farmers will achieve this dream of mine, I firmly believe in this.
At this meeting, Banshai said that the government should not stop forcing people to wear masks. He said that the government should listen to what the people say. feel.
Stamps, photographs, coins, coins and books written about Mahatma Gandhi were also exhibited on the occasion. also the traditional costumes.
On receiving information, the police took the body to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The blame goes to the employees of MeECL for how they saw this illegal ring light.
SHILLONG, Naitung 31: A 15-year-old boy named Emi Shylla from Pamrakmai village, East Jaintia Hills District, has been missing since the 26th of this month. month and still no one knows where he is.
She said that this discrimination against women should stop completely.
Students may visit schools/institutions only with written permission from their parents.
The ceremony was concluded with a joyful celebration at the foot of Iewduh in the tympew area.
The Bureau has conducted press tours in various states to assist journalists to see for themselves the development works being implemented in the country and to assist them in providing information on the key policies of the government.
Tura, October 21: NPP President Purno has been arrested.
The meeting, which will be held today in Shillong, will discuss the smuggling of people between the two countries, how to monitor the mawthum, trade. illegal and also the smuggling of coal from this country.
The body of the man was recovered on Tuesday morning by the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) with the help of the residents.
Speaking on his feelings about this new job, Arjuna Award winner Bajrang Lal Thakar said, “I am grateful to the Sports Authority of India for giving me the opportunity to pay back to sports as a sportsman. coach especially at a time when water sports in India has a great opportunity to perform well in foreign tournaments.
Myllung's writing in which he said that he would become a water carrier and a carpenter of no one, but he did not mean to be slaves, but to encourage all his fellow citizens to stand firm, to be strong. to preserve the customs and traditions of the language and to preserve them in any field.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Korlandar Nongsiej, 24 years old, has been arrested by the HNLC on the 3rd of this month. Before the Officer-In-Charge, Lumdiengjri Police Station, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that the Parliamentary Standing Committee of KHADC has come to Shillong to meet with the people to seek their opinion on the proposal to amend the Constitution. The 125th Amendment to the Constitution of the Republic of India.
There have been those who spread rumors and false news through social media and these articles are an incitement to create differences of opinion among the people in some groups has caused unrest.
On the other hand, the civil society has demanded from time to time but the government has not listened.
On the other hand, Bah Latiplang Em, who is in charge of land affairs at KHADC, said that during the meeting with the AMD officials who came today as invited by the KHADC, the The District Council has explained to them that the land falls under the jurisdiction of the District Council and if they want to do any work they must get permission from the District Council.
New Delhi, Lber 13: The Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur today launched PB-SHABD, the news service provider PrasarBharati and the websites of PrasarBharati. DD News and Akashvani News and also the News on Air mobile app which was updated at a program held at the National Media Centre, New Delhi.
Shillong, July 03: To welcome the year 2013, the Lasubon Kite Flying Competition will be held at Golflink on the 11th of this month. Festival.
On the 19th of this month, members of the KSU visited the river and found that thousands of fish were dead and lying on the surface of the river.
It may be recalled that the management of the hotel has given a speech to the media at the Shillong Press Club where they have made it clear that they are ready to cooperate with the police on the allegation. against the House that there is a running of prostitution activities in this House by the son of the Minister of Home Affairs.
The Chief Minister said that only by visiting the villages can we understand the problems of the villagers and this will enable the government to introduce new job opportunities to address the problems of the villagers. to the problems of the people.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs, through its order under the Disaster Management Act, had approved the construction/production, transportation and other activities related to the delivery of goods important as food, pharmaceuticals and medical devices.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The KSU Upper Shillong Circle and the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, which are the organizations that are committed to the welfare of the Upper Shillong area as well as the country and the nation as a whole, have received The Border Security Force (BSF) has received information that there is an attempt by some private interests in Upper Shillong to auction and sell some land in the area to the Border Security (BSF). ) and to other branches of the army.
The department has promoted NEIAH to one of the best educational institutions for nurses and NEIAH will conduct research along with the treatment of patients.
They should order the Aadhaar registrants to accept only indigenous documents and that only if they can provide themselves with certificates from the Waheh Shnongs and those who have been attested by them. Others who come to work or do business in Jaintia Hills should not be allowed to register their Aadhaar names from Jaintia Hills, but should go to their own villages. They want Aadhaar so that the implementation of the Aadhaar Number will not affect the future of the country and the nation,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai.
Banbudai, June 07: The 4 kilometer road from Umsning Mawrong Road to Banbudai, which was scheduled to be completed under the PMGSY scheme, has been suspended for the past few months. The former Rangbah Shnong, who was also the Secretary Shnong, Bah BD Laloo, and the journalist today, said that the road construction department of the PWD government has suspended the construction of the road. He said that the PWD has suspended the road for a while, giving many reasons why the village cannot understand why the road has been suspended for a while. finished cleaning it, it was just postponed.
The Chairperson of the NCW urged the mothers of the area to take advantage of the media to market their businesses due to the nature of the area. it is different from other parts of the country.
The KSU, Bengaluru Unit will continue to grow in the coming days.
said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement today.
Shillong, July 14: The JSU War Jaintia Circle led by its Secretary, Kerrydiam Lamin on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the MeECL office in Jowai regarding the shortcomings in the counting of light bills.
The HSPDP has always said that it will give the right and power to rule the land but no one has listened.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is a fact that floods in the western parts of Garo Hills are frequent. It is from the source of the Baramputra River and flows into the Garo Hills.
The purpose of the AMCPC is to address the problems of the people of the area in terms of agriculture, education, health, water supply, roads and other issues. the same tourism activities that the area has which have not been able to attract people to visit the area.
Therefore, the Quadragennial Celebration Committee of the KSU urges and requests anyone who has any photographs, sounds, photographs, articles and newspapers related to the KSU especially in the past to please donate. Please donate to them so that this documentary can be completed.
The party urges the leaders of the House to oppose this Bill. On the other hand, Bah Robert said that this is a ploy of the BJP to bring them. On the other hand, the civil society strongly opposes this action of the BJP as it is a disease for the people of North East. One, if people from Bangladesh, Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Christians come from Bangladesh, the North East will be overwhelmed by these people and the BJP will use them to get away.
Replying to a question by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the cleaning of the roads by the PWD has violated the rules laid down by the Indian Road Congress.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has laid flowers to the two loyal members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who were shot dead by the police on 23rd July
On the other hand, the FKJGP leader said that the government should show signs that it is ready to talk by stopping the search for the leaders of the civil society.
In the singles shooting competition, Teibor Warbah from Laitkyrhong came second, Bok L.Marshillong from Mawpat came third. u Head of the House.
There have been 523 recoveries from Ri Bhoi District today, with 155 recoveries. so far there are 49830 people.
The talks with the government have been going on for three years.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of KAS, Dr.RP Kharshiing, he said that the report of the party will be presented at this meeting. Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the consultation of writers for the improvement of literature.
Chairman of South West Khasi Hills, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong also briefly explained the activities of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Ministry of Commerce and Industry of the State Government on 26th November 2019 has canceled the Government Notice issued on 29th June 2019 stating that the land under the Industrial Estates no longer falls under the Industrial Estates. the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
Journalist, Editor of Daily Daindeen Barta, Nang Anjana Gogoi, Advisor to Dauboria Barta, Mr.Sukleswar Nath, Smt.
The Lamphang announced that Bah Latiplang Kharkongor has declared himself the winner of the election and has now been elected as the new CEM of KHADC. and 14 were missing.
The ceremony was concluded with a song by this regiment.
Therefore, the two organizations demand that the state government should expedite the investigation report into the death of these 7 people on the 25th of June bor ding, so that the people of the state know the truth, not to stay in the dark without knowing all the facts, whether it is true because of the negligence of MEeCL or the Samla R. Parien, President of JSU Sengkmie, asked.
The KSU Leader said that the students have found that the Act cannot protect against the illegal entry of foreign authorities and foreigners, but is an insult to the indigenous people and the country. abolish the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
In this raid, the HYC has sent out the illegal residents of the area and destroyed the lyntang houses built in the area. gather their clothes and get out of here.
Rashtrusant Tukadoji Maharaj University Nagpur has about 800 colleges affiliated to Rajasthan and Mumbai University has 735 and 711 colleges respectively.
In 2019, 260 employees were dismissed, 187 were re-employed while others were lost. This action of the government is unacceptable because out of 15 posts. Examination centers in Ampati and Williamnagar have posted their marks.
Replying to a question by Bah Witting Mawsor regarding the opening of police stations in the state, the Chief Minister said that he will complete the opening of all the police stations in the state. at the end of June and in the morning the one at Nartiang will be opened.
More than 200 mothers have come to visit the army.
The President of India has appointed Dr. David Reid Syiemlieh as the Chairman of the UPSC.
In his speech, Kumar said that in case of injury, the protection of a person is valuable and if it can be done, the life of a person is protected halfway and the life of a person is protected. the job of doctors is to heal.
There have been 30 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 25 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 81,9
Large hydro projects take too long to complete (Takes 6 to 10 years), and often face difficulties due to excessive costs and sometimes face difficulties from land acquisition to get land to build. it's a power project.
It also helps to get tests, empowers people to easily know whether they have the disease by receiving notifications within 20 minutes.
On this occasion, the Speaker of the House also called a meeting to discuss how to complete the work of rebuilding the new Dome in order to complete the work as soon as possible.
After receiving the approval from the presbytery authorities, it was decided to rely on the elders to appoint these two pastorate, the Mawthoh pastorate was appointed on the 21st June, 2023, this Sunday, at the church. Pastor KE Rympeit and Tbn RM Pamshong were present.
The vehicle lost several parts in the petrol bomb blast, but no casualties were reported.
The Government believes in setting targets and achieving them before the deadline,” said the Governor.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, while speaking to reporters, said that the meeting took four decisions, and those are that the government should remove the remove all government advertisements claiming to be government property.
During the inspection, the union found that these foreigners in Ïawmawsiang have exceeded the limit by setting up shops selling tar on the road.
The meeting will also be attended by the leaders of the DCC from South South West Khasi Hills District. The RBCC invites all the supporters of the Congress party from the 35th Congress. Ranikor Constituency to attend the public meeting.
: The Joint Action Committee, Narpuh has decided to hold an indefinite road blockade on the road. National Highway-6 from Tongseng to Malidor.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the construction of the health center has come through the Ayush Department of the Union Government under the National AYUSH Mission which has allocated funds for the construction. Two such hospitals are in Sohra and one in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 04: To eradicate the polio vaccine among children across India, today there was a polio vaccination campaign across India and in Meghalaya as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to appoint an independent committee of inquiry into the bomb blast, said the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma. Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma.
“By October, 2024, the Ministry of DoNER has set a priority to build the 20 km road from Nongpoh to Umden.
“The goal of protecting and preserving our environment goes hand in hand with the efforts of all private sector to bring about change.
The arrest of these persons was made by the East Garo Hills Police in collaboration with the Delhi Police. The East Garo Hills Police will soon take these persons to Williamnagar for further investigation. the investigation against these people.
The ceremony was held at the Hall of the Seng Khasi Kmie, where the thanksgiving ceremony was conducted by a member of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in his message of condolences, has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah HS Shylla. there is closeness to the people.
The RSS leader urged the people of Rib to love their country and when they love their country, when working in any job, work with integrity. This is the theme of the RSS, if you love your country you can't be corrupt, if you love your country you can't change your mindset. all the same.
During the meeting, the Meghalaya Minister urged the Union Minister to allocate T.70 crore under the Swadesh Darshan scheme which was promised before the elections. the state legislature.
Shillong, June 30: The exact cost of the construction of the Myntdu Leshka Hydel Power Project has not yet been given.
This decision was announced by the RDA after a meeting held in Shillong.
The Seng sends its condolences to the family of this young man who lost his life in this incident and we pray that God will be with them at this time.
“We must leave behind the differences, we must not feel that we are superior to others and we must get rid of untouchability.
Regarding the request of Dr. Eureka to dissolve the BCC because some of them have left the party in the last MLA election, the Mawthadraishan BCC is surprised why the same has not been done for Mairang, Mawthadraishan BCC. Mawshynrut, Nongstoin and Rambrai-jyrngam are in the midst of heavy tensions and divisions ahead of the election especially Mairang until 10 members of the Executive Committee of that block had to be expelled.
In a statement sent to the media, the HNLC leader said that the HNLC has written a letter to the state government, the central government and the Ministry of Home Affairs. The central government has submitted the letters it has already written if the government says it has not written them.
In its report, the CAG has recommended on four issues to the state government, regarding the issuance of Utilization Certificates. The UCs should be sent by the recipients within the stipulated time and if there is a delay, the government will punish such officers.
“They also discussed ways and means to monitor the situation on the border, to protect, to arrest the troublemakers, to close the entry and exit gates and the border areas that are still open, to announce the the day of paid holiday and the day of paid holiday, the implementation of NBWs and others,” said the Joint Chief Electoral Officer of the State Government.
The MLA, despite the many difficulties he has faced as a leader from a backward and remote constituency like Ranikor, but as he used to show them as party workers to endure and hold fast to the The foundation also proves that he is indeed a man of perseverance and a strong foundation.
At the same time, the union also visited the road connecting to the Institute and found that the road is very bad.
Meanwhile, in Mawshynrut Block, 11 houses were damaged and 57 people were affected.
This decision has been taken on the basis that the Government has not yet sent a full time DC of EJHD but has appointed SS Syiemlieh , ADC as the DC incharge of EJHD He also sent a letter to Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Nongthyllep Sub-Centre was inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today. long also MLA of the constituency.
The meetings will be announced later.
Many of the villagers do not understand how to protect or dispose of used masks, do not understand what are the signs, how to self quarantine to prevent the spread of the masks at home. and they still need to receive more detailed information on how households or communities should act if there is a suspicion that someone has this disease in their homes or communities to avoid infection.
It is held once a year in this month before they go to the fields to harvest the seeds. riang and also to thank God the Creator for blessing us with good crops this year.
“This relocation is a victory through the hard work of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and the Indian Diplomatic Mission.
The Thwet Art Camp was established with the blood of these researchers in the outskirts of the city.
It is worth mentioning that this village falls under the Langrin MDC Constituency, it was only in 2014 that this village fell under the Mawsynram MDC Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The education department of the state government has suspended all the contract teachers in primary schools across the state although the schools have started running smoothly.
The office bearers of the UKPO are President Pynshngaiñlang Ratane, General Secretary Niwel War and Pius Sten.
The party has released him since 15/03/2
In the semifinals, West Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills 25-22, 22-25,2 – 23, Set 4 : 25 -16).
The CBC's Digital Advertising Policy, 2023 also paves the way for a proposal that will bring transparency and efficiency.
This is the work of Marco Mitri together with a team of scientists from the salonsari and other research institutes.
KSU SWKH District Assistant Education Secretary Pulljohn Wanniang said in a statement.
The awards were presented by the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Executive Member Youth Affairs, KHADC who is also the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency.
This is an attempt to take the village back to the Stone Age instead of taking it to the path of understanding among all its residents.
According to the information received, the farmers have to buy the seeds from the sellers and the price is between T.5000/- to T.6000/- per month. chicken.
The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAW) will leave Shillong on July 3, 2024 to take part in the National Arm Wrestling Championship. The Championship 2024 will be held in Nagpur Maharashtra from 6th to 10th July
Guwahati, June 09: The mid-year meeting of the Executive Committee of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) was held at the Assam Legislative Assembly today.
On the other hand, Kong Kharpuri has immediately left the House as a sign of protest and has not taken part in the election to elect the new Chairman of the House.
The Fund, in its annual Article IV consultation report, said India has emerged as a star and is expected to contribute more than 16% to the world's growth.
The President of MMOEA, Bah Julius C Diengngan, said that the deterioration of these three roads to the LCS to transport coal to Bangladesh is excessive. The exporters are now in fear that they will not be able to spend the amount of coal within the time limit set by the Supreme Court.
After harvesting the rice, Bah Marwein and many other farmers started planting sohsaw, sohkynken jhur, kajor, bean and others.
From the 21st until the funeral service on the 23rd at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah C Shangpliang, President, Hill Farmers Union (HFU), on Tuesday sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) requesting him to create the necessary facilities for the Meghalaya departments. Police will be pleased to purchase separately the agricultural products grown in the state by the farmers in collaboration with the Farmers' Union known as the HFU especially at this time when the farmers are facing difficulties. great in the management of the plants which they have worked and harvested with fresh water.
The Indian Air Force has already conducted more than 500 such exercises in India and in China, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Thailand, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates.
It is the first aircraft carrier built in India at the Cochin Shipyard Ltd.
The voice that came out of this webinar was that KAS should hold more such webinars and also publish speeches in writing so that the members of the community can become more aware of this issue.
Shilaphalakam or memorials commemorating the sacrifice of these heroes from rural areas, panchayats, blocks, cities, municipalities and others should be placed in rural and urban areas.
Before handing over the ambulance, Bah Banteidor also gathered the farmers from four villages in Thangsning village and donated financial assistance to them.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.D.D.Lapang, congratulated all the Rangbah Shnongs who have taken the initiative to cooperate with the victims and the Officers. He also thanked the Project Director and BDO for taking the initiative to provide assistance as soon as possible to these refugees. He said that he will try his best to expedite the relief efforts in collaboration with government officials.
In the past, the ruling parties in Delhi and Assam did not have the right to participate or did not explain the formation of the government in Meghalaya.
We also urge the Government not to intimidate the ASHA workers to be dismissed if they do not stop the strike because if the Government makes a wrong decision and dismisses the ASHAs who are striking for their rights, The HYC on Tuesday requested the Village Health Councils (HYC) to protest against the State Government. VHC) to identify any potential volunteers (whether they are members of the VHC) to carry out the work while the ASHAs across the state are conducting a strike. without pud day.
The man was found lying lyngktar on the roadside amidst the blood from parts of the skhor.
Referring to Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, he said that it was the president of KHNAM, Bah Pyndapbor Saibon, who said that he had received the support of the Congress party.
The State Government should inform the Assam Government that the Karbi should not support the statue of the forest guard who died in the Kuli of the Assam Police. the fire can still be klan.
The Inspector General of BSF in charge of Meghalaya, Inderjit Singh Rana, said that in Meghalaya, the BSF wants to see an increase in trade between India and Bangladesh. I want to see more Khappud Markets.
The deterioration of the roads in the district has caused heavy traffic jam in the area and this has affected the people and urgent needs.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Tura, he said, “How can I call the employees to work if I cannot pay their salaries? how to get the salaries of the employees paid".
Under the Special Rural Work Programmes, all 60 MLAs have been given T.25 each to look after their constituencies and a total of T.15 crore has already been paid.
While resources are essential for better research and development outcomes, the development of staff at NEIAH will strengthen the revival of traditional health care under the leadership of of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Tura, Jymmang 26: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Purno Agitok Sangma has praised the government led by Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that he has been able to convey the needs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The Umshaken Sub Center has been upgraded to a PHC and also to have more Sub Centers in other villages of the Ribhoi District like Mawlong, Umran, Sohkhwai, Shakhoikuna and Nongpoh proper.
“Government of India, we demand ILP, we don't demand our own constitution or our own country,” read the slogans. different parts of Shillong.
The Prime Minister is also a son of the country like you and we must work together to achieve this goal.
The protest will be held for one day at the State Central Library Shillong from the 24th and on the 25th at the Additional Secretariat parking lot opposite the State Central Library. In a statement sent by the FPWDs, the FPWDs said that they will start the strike from 11 am to 4 pm.
The event underscored Meghalaya’s growing prominence in the sport of canoe slalom, as it provided an ideal setting for this high-stakes competition.
Gregarious Warlarpih President of KJBWA, speaking to reporters, said that the KJBWA will continue to hold the strike until the government meets its demand.
The event was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Government Ministers, Metbah Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Kyrmen Shylla, AL Hek, Samlin Malngiang and Chairman of the State. Planning Board of Mr. Lambor Malngiang.
He said that the participation of other departments related to agriculture is important.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, said that in fact, when the No Confidence Motion was introduced, there was a vote, but now the opposition has withdrawn. the first thing to happen.
The march was launched by Pradip Kumar IPS, IG of BSF. The tree planting ceremony was held at their headquarters in Umpling. BSF Senior Secondary School.
“These three persons were arrested by the Assam Police while they were searching for a man in the forest,” said Bah Kodios Thongni. who had left the village and carried an SBBL rifle on his body just to be safe while they were in the forest.
The Minister did not disclose the names of the villages where the pigs died but said that these villages are in East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, West Jaintia Hills District and West Khasi Hills District.
The Revenue Minister and the Home Minister have not shared a word on the rights of the people to land.
Other sources said that most of the damage was caused by the heavy cold weather and many of the households covered with tins were destroyed by the cold weather. three houses were destroyed by the lyer.
The sale of Gambar Khadi will bring confidence and enable women across Jammu & Kashmir to live a free and dignified life.
Replying to a question whether it is the District Council or the State Government which has the authority to register according to the law, the Minister said that the government will look into it. this part to get the right light.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The 125th Anniversary of Pynthorumkhrah Presbyterian Secondary School (KHADC) was celebrated today. Also present on the occasion were Vincent H Pala, AL Hek, Minister of State and MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah PN Syiem, Symbud CEM of KHADC and others.
Yoga brings peace and enables us to be peaceful when we face the challenges of life.
Section 21 of the Act explains the principles relating to payment of compensation.
According to sources, many of the houses outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have not yet received ring lights or water supply. MeECL has not yet received permission from MUDA. Latest reports say that MeECL has not been able to provide light to households without permission from MUDA. MUDA and PHE have not given permission to bring water to the houses because they have not received permission from MUDA. year.
This special treatment should be successful and should reach all the rural areas of the country and this treatment should reach the target of 90% by November 2017 and With this public opening of this treatment today, by 2020, 90% of the country should be cured.
“The Government of Meghalaya through the Government of Assam should direct these Karbi leaders not to disturb or incite the angry people because we want peace and stability in the border areas,” said Thomas Passah President KHNAM Youth Wing. .
Answering supplementary questions, the Minister said in the House that the allocation for the land was T.8.37 crore but the tender was called after the calculation was T.7.5 crore and this is only. the house and the light inside the house, it does not include those outside or the road.
Without wanting to be named, the elders said that they have nothing else to do but to close down the parking lot which was built by the road construction department to prevent illegal activities. tyn in this bag.
He said that he is very grateful because it has brought relief to the sick and he is very pleased that the people and government employees have supported this demand. shim has not received this request until now although it has been available for many months.
Mairang Naitung 17: The Nongkhlaw Hima today together with the people of Ri Khasi celebrated the 182nd death anniversary of the Syiem of the Hima Tirot Sing Syiem who passed away in Dacca, Bangladesh. .
After completion of this form, the officer in charge shall issue the marriage certificate to the couple and if they do not do so, they shall be fined 1000 tyngka per month. If you have a delay, you will not be able to reach 1000 tyngka per month.
The CEM said that the Riat Nohkhlieh View Point was built by the KHADC on the basis of an agreement between Maraikaphone Village and the KHADC that for 40 years the revenue will be generated by the KHADC. 65% will be allocated to KHADC and 35 villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a rally called the Hynniewtrep Youth March (MBOSE) which started in front of the MBOSE office and proceeded to Lachumier, Barik. In front of the Civil Hospital Shillong, IGP and until they reached the residence of Bah Ardent Miller Basawiawmoit in the parking lot of the Addl Secretariat.
The BSF said that these cows were seized by the BSF and sold at auction and after someone bought them, they were told that these cows should be taken away from the border with Bangladesh so that they can be sold at auction. I will no longer be able to sell it to Bangladesh.
When the union sat down and listened to the plight of these shopkeepers who earn their living from morning and night, that during the outbreak of Covid 19, this place was closed. Please ask the Forest Department to set up a market for agricultural products as well as other activities related to food and beverages.
"The Minister said India has said that resolution of the problems will come only when people, animals and plants are properly monitored during the crisis.
Various sports programs such as Foot Ball, Basketball, Tantyllai, Scavenger Haunt, Mawpoint, Basketball, Debate, Essay, Dance and Song programs were held.
FKJGP President D Khognsit said that the issue of the youth in the state is only a discussion in the Assembly between the opposition and the government. the answer that there are vacancies that at present no recruitment can be made to those vacancies.
This will help in the shortage of skilled personnel especially in institutions like NEIGRIHMS, which is farther away from other cities.
KSU Wapung Unit today held a training session for the students of Wapung village at Moopynieñ Government LP School together with the students.
Preparations for the Assembly elections are in progress and all the mandals are ready for the MLA elections. Preparations are underway as a party across the state.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang said that after a discussion on social media regarding the allegation that there is a conspiracy from the office of the Chief Minister to dismiss the three HM Shangpliang, Officer in Charge of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, said that according to the Lokayukta Act 2014, there are clear rules on the appointment of members of the Lokayukta.
Shillong, June 21: BJP leader Dr Himanta Biswa Sharma on Tuesday said that the BJP will ensure that Dr Mukul Sangma will win the upcoming MLA election from Ampati constituency. I met him before he lost the election.
In 1989, the Congress elected Sanford Marak who served as MP in 1989 and
The BSF troops, who received a tip, immediately conducted a search operation and seized the smuggled goods and handed them over to the Custom Office for further action according to the rules of law.
The KSU CEC expresses its regret that not all the leaders have been able to take part in the funeral service but only a few members including the President, Bah Lambok Starwell Marngar, Bah Rapborlang Nongrum (Assistant Finance Secretary), Bah James Hitler Mawphniang (Assistant General Secretary) and Bah Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi (Office Secretary) together with the leaders and members of KSU WKHDU.
The training program was organized by the Socila Eco-Life Development (SELD) Committee, District Lum Lyngkien Sohphie Prebyterian Church. Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was the Chief Guest.
The Kilapara-Dalu BOP was assisted by the BSF and it was through their courage that they were able to fight against the Pakistani troops and protect the Dalu-Tura road.
Shillong, November 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongmensong Unit today celebrated Pre Christmas with the help of the orphanage at Lumshyiap, Langkyrding. .
Those who came to take part in this march to showcase their traditional costumes were Khasi dance, Lahoo dance, traditional costume from Ri Bhoi, traditional costume from Hima Maharam, traditional costume from the area. War Shella, Garo traditional dance and other costumes from the states of the North East.
We have come here to speak to you with dignity, that you may speak evil of us, we cannot bear it.
“We have lived together with the Garo people for more than 51 years and I believe that we have an understanding between the two communities to bring about a change in the Reservation Policy which can be accepted by all the Garo people. don't go to Meghalaya.
I request you journalists to investigate the intentions behind the current EC.
The UHM also demanded that the government should set up a Border Out-post at Mukroh and other border villages.
Shillong, March 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its office to look after and assist the employees and day laborers following the complaints of the employees in various jobs such as security guards, day laborers and others .
In the petition, the KSU also mentioned the Central Agricultural University in Meghalaya as promised earlier.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The church of the Presbyterian Church in Mupliang village of West Jaintia Hills District has collapsed at 2 pm today. This has brought great sorrow to the brothers and sisters.
On the other hand, Kong Mira June Marsing said that she has won again this time.
PETA also wants the government to strengthen the provisions of this Act as the fine for the first violation is only T.50/- tyngka.
Shillong, July 28: “I have issued an order on Thursday to appoint Rebeca Suchiang as the Additional Chief Secretary of MeECL,” said Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony were Dr. JV Basaiawmoit (Organizing Secretary and Medical Director, BECC), Dr. Lobsang Tsetim (Senior Eye Surgeon, Arunachal Pradesh) and Dr. AK Das (Ophthalmologist). The project has also been able to conduct free eye treatment for diabetes patients until 4 pm where many people have benefited from this treatment.
Shillong, March 28: Replying to a question raised by Fantin J Lakadong on the issue of radiation in Domiasait, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that He has already made it clear that they will not issue NOC for any work related to uranium.
Until now, students in Meghalaya have been facing difficulties in terms of examination centers as many students have to write examinations abroad.
This is especially true for the tourists who live in these border areas of South West Khasi Hills District.
Countries around the world are still planning for the many challenges that have arisen in the past three years.
During the inspection, the pork vendors complained in front of the leaders of FKJGP, led by Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit General Secretary of the FKJGP, that they have no choice because the government has not provided them. water and other necessities, such as meat vendors want to see that there will be cleanliness but the government has not done anything.
The second phase of the work was also discussed at the meeting.
These food items were received by the Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary of Mawsiatkhnam Village.
On the 27th they will start with the raising of the flag, on the 29th they will strike, which is this month and on the 3rd November all teachers will take leave, on the 4th they will hold protests. On the 5th there will be a march in Shillong.
The Director said that 60 cases have been confirmed today, 36 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 5 from West Khasi Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi and 2 from South West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 10,0
Police said that in the past six months, 8561.40 grams of Heroin, 166.442 kilograms of Ganja have been seized in East Khasi Hills District. T.20,28,155/- tyngka and 21 vehicles were seized.
This recognition has made the state determined to achieve the set goal.
The Director Higher and Technical Department of Education has written to the Principal of the College to cancel Class XII. The JACSO urges the Chief Minister to listen to the demand of the government so that the college can attract students from other districts. those from outside the state.
They will have the opportunity to learn from these experts working in these fields.
The Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, has urged the beneficiaries of this scheme to make proper use of this scheme and has suggested to these farmers to form a society so that they can benefit from the scheme. to collect these umngap and to market them.
All the residents of the District are requested to take action so that they do not lose the benefits of government schemes.
The three-day meeting will discuss how to bring about economic development in order to improve the income of the people of the region by developing it in accordance with the goals of the NE Vision which was signed by the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh in
Fast, so many opportunities! Young people are the stakeholders of the present and the builders of the future.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: In order to strengthen the ownership of land by the people living on the border with Assam, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is now preparing to register the land owners. at the borders.
Nongumlong, which came second, received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Shillong, July 02: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation Workers Union (MTCWC) today continued its strike to demand that the state government should grant the right to salary to the employees of the MTC. Secretary R Rumnong said that the project is still three months away.
The deadline for completion of nominations for the third phase for all 12 States and UTs is 19th June,
On this day, priests from all over the parishes attended the procession along with religious leaders from various groups.
It is not clear whether the HSPDP approves or not of such a decision by the Executive Committee of KHADC.ARPA (which includes the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM).
The second and fourth contestants will represent the state at Miss Northeast 2024, which will be held in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
Police have also arrested a drug dealer and seized an EPIC card. Police have registered an ejahar and the investigation is ongoing. more findings are in progress.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Three persons were injured when a vehicle (ML05 R 9896) collided with another vehicle on Saturday morning.
Nongstoin, June 17: The Hynniewtrep People's Association (HPA) West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, is one of the organizations in the region and in the country. as happened between Mawsngi and Mawkhap which fall under the Jyrngam Sirdarship.
Speaking to reporters, Apurva Chandra said that Meri Maati Mera Desh will be the closing program of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav which marks the 75th anniversary of India's Independence.
Gen.
Lahkmen said the government wants to achieve what they deserve, in terms of raising money it is up to the government how to raise money.
Shillong: The Shillong College Alumni Association (SCAA) will hold a meeting of alumni of the college on the 25th of this month at 12 noon at the Shillong College Auditorium.
This is indeed an honor for the State Legislative Assembly where the President of the country will deliver a speech.
“It is surprising why it has taken the state government for years to implement those laws against mynder. The decision was taken at the meetings held many times since the first quarter of 2014 which was chaired by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to find ways and means for the to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners in the state and also for the peace and order in the state as a whole,” said Bah Dkhar.
On the other hand, MEPA's reminded the Minister that the government should introduce a single window system under the DIPR for the payment of government announcements.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) MDC Mawkynrew Constituency.
He said that if the NPP wins the MP election, it will win by only a few votes.
The churches under the Mawthoh Pastorate include Mawlyngkhung, Banbudai, Rtiang, Thad, Sohliya and Jukiang, and the total number of members is
“The Prime Minister spoke about the government's commitment to ensure that everyone in the village should reach the Modi Ki Guarantee vehicle when it arrives so that the commitment to deliver them fully. scheme of the government will be realized.
“We welcome the support of the NPP candidates which has no restrictions.
The awards were distributed by the Executive Chairman of MBOSE CP Marak who was the Chief Guest in the presence of the Joint Director MBOSE Shillong Bah Macdonald Marbaniang, teachers from various schools. different, parents and students.
However, according to reports, after this complaint, many people have come forward to lodge a complaint against this person and as of now, there are more than 20 children who have been arrested. raped by him and most of the victims were boys under the age of 12 and there were also a few women.
It is to be recalled that this family suffered a terrible fire on 01.02.2017 in which a 3 month old child was burnt to death.
With this policy, it will guide the PWD department on how to proceed in the maintenance of roads in the state.
There are 29 cases in the state, of which 3 cases are in hospital, 2 cases in East Khasi Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi.
The Khasi man, when he gets back a non-Khasi woman, he has to tangjaid.
The union demands that the government should open this health center and in a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the Minister said that she will discuss this issue with others. kit and government to open this place of care.
The purpose of this meeting was to give them the opportunity to meet with people who have been specially trained in this field so that these herbalists can get together.
Speaking to reporters after the EC meeting, CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that at the meeting held today, it was decided to introduce changes in the EC. it is related to the law relating to Elaka affairs.
Shillong, March 02: To mark the Gandhi Jayanti Day, residents of Sohra area from Lat Mawphlang to Rum today came out to clean up the village.
More than T.135 crore has been allocated under the ESDP to implement various training programs across the country through State Governments/Industry Groups/Social Enterprises/Government Corporations.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Police Department today issued an order that Maxi Cabs carrying loads on the roof of their vehicles are not allowed to pass from Lower Lachumiere to Dhankheti. walk slowly.
Shillong, July 22: The Cabinet today decided that the mid-term MDC elections for the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency will be held on 28th June
The reason is that the children are left without anyone to look after them because their parents go to work and the perpetrators get the opportunity to commit this crime. surname.
This explains why the WHO has not yet classified the Indian variant and the B.1.617 variant of the coronavirus on page
The Congress party will fight as hard as it can to find ways to dissolve the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem, by urging the UDP MDCs to work together in the KHADC. That the Congress party is still trying to talk to the UDP MDCs and not to the UDP leaders, because within the District Council it knows clearly that there is no party law.
In another incident, Bah Norley Ryngkhlem of Mynkre village, East Jaintia Hills District, who is in charge of the work of M/s GR Infra Project Ltd.
From 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, nine candidates have registered for the MP election, THS Boney of KHNAM, Samuel Hashah and Romeo Phira Rani as independent candidates. The Congress candidate is Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP, Sanbor Shullai of the BJP and Justice Kharbasanti of the CPI. Mukul Sangma from the Congress and Rikman G Momin from the BJP. All these nominations have been completed and the deadline for withdrawal of candidates will be on the 28th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Meghalaya Land Forest Owners Association (MLFOA) on Tuesday led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser, MLFOA and Bah RS Syiem, Joint Secretary, MLFOA, on Tuesday submitted a petition. Lakmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Forest Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister said that with the availability of this venue, many dance competitions, song competitions and sports can be held at this venue. the tamsa to show the movies.
Furthermore, the JSM would like to congratulate and praise W Rymbai O/C Lad Rymbai for his willingness to take responsibility. We will be able to eradicate such incidents of rape of girls.
The total number of recoveries today is 397, with 105 cases from West Garo Hills, 87 cases from East Khasi Hills and 83 cases from West Khasi Hills. today there are 65319 cases.
The FKJGP fully supports this step taken by the KJBWA, at the same time the FKJGP urges the government and the law enforcement authorities to conduct an investigation into the attack on the members of the KJBWA and at the same time to track down and arrest those involved in the crime.
Allan West Kharkongor, father of Ruth West Kharkongor, said that the family of Ruth West Kharkongor today at Sohra to congratulate her on her success. to fulfill what she dreamed of becoming an airline pilot.
According to sources, the truck was carrying nar rod from Nongkasen village to Rangblang village.
Also present on the occasion were Rangbah Shnong Bah Lurshai Shylla, KSU Lawsohtun Unit Office bearers, KSU office bearers including Samla Readyon Nongrum, Assistant General Secretary KSU CEC, Samla Johnson Nongkhlaw President KSU Lawsohtun Unit. and other members.
The new EC in terms of revenue will be more strict in bringing money to the Council.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Director of Health Services (MI), Meghalaya, has lodged a complaint with the police that he has found that some unknown persons have issued a recruitment notice. regarding the post of Nurse ANM through com/Meghalaya.
During the meeting, Prestone promised to the SSA teachers that the government will pay their remaining salaries before Christmas. as discussed.
Many of those who spoke to SP News Agency, who did not want to be named, said that even though the ration sugar of the village costs T.30 per kilo compared to the sugar they buy from the market, it is still low. The price of shino in the village market is T.45 per kilo.
He said that these members of the Congress Youth Wing have come from all over the country to submit their resignation letters from the party. The MPYC is in Meghalaya.
Besides these suggestions, the leaders of the FKJGP, KSU and HNYF have spent time and hard work and if some of the people continue to say that it is not enough then the RBYF supports the The HSPDP and the GNC on the demand to bifurcate the state into two states, Khasi-Jaintia and Garoland.
The referee decided to call the match in extra time but both teams could not score and the match ended in a tie breaker to decide the winner and the loser.
NPPu leader Prestone Tynsong has said that the presidential rule will not happen in the state where Conrad K Sangma will be sworn in as the Chief Minister on the 7th.
The union wants the government to answer these questions before it puts the lives of the tourists at risk.
For the post of Driver Fireman, the examination will be held on 5/3/2022 for 300 marks and the writing time will be from 2.00 Pm to 4.00 Pm.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chairman, Bah Arborhima Darnei, said that his duty is to inform the Governor and the village when he will call the meeting. The meeting to elect the new CEM of JHADC. The Governor of Meghalaya has now decided to convene the meeting to elect the new CEM. They are still waiting for the decision of the Governor of the State as the notice has been sent today.
Shillong, July 11: AICC spokesperson Anuma Acharya on Tuesday said that the BJP's claim to win 400 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections shows that the party has something behind it. I don't know why I don't want to win many seats.
SSA teachers under the banner of AMSSASTA have come from all over the Khasi Hills today to take part in the protest to demand the release of the SSA teachers. salaries of teachers and also the arear which has been outstanding for five months.
A total of 40 countries have participated in the competition, including the USA, China, Japan, Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Hong Kong, Sweden, Hungary and others. ha u natiung not passed.
The departure of Bah Ardent from the party will affect the UDP. As it was on the part of Bah Ardent when he joined the UDP he hoped that the party would provide services. However, after he became part of the party, it was a shambles and this led him to take this decision to leave the UDP, according to news reports.
The Prime Minister has urged the BSS to work for the cleanliness of the environment especially in the North East of India. to make the northeast of India a gateway to the countries of South East Asia.
After receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies, BSF troops of the 200 Battalion conducted a raid at the border of Dambukaphal, West Garo Hills District.
After the journalists asked what the government will do to the two people whose names were mentioned in the letter sent by the CEO of Sardha Group to the CBI. Biswa Sharma, Minister of Health and Education, Assam, former DGP Sankar Baruah.
The shun is the traditional Khasi custom.
He said that NEHU has not been able to do so.
: it means to be tempted in secret to do something that will be revealed.
The teachers who took part in this strike are from all parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia and those who participated in the strike are more than 1000 teachers. political parties who visited them.
The last meeting of the union with Ampareen Lyngdoh was on the 26th April 2023 , where many of the issues we raised were related to the establishment of the Health Sub Center in Jyllep and Mawhiang are other leading issues.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today convened a meeting of jhur traders to discuss the issues of the farmers.
The proverbs around the lyngwiar dpei which he brings the teachings of the past as to surprise and stimulate our minds in order to know the lights and teachings of the past in our heritage and beyond.
He said that during their stay in Delhi these days they met with the Vice President of India Venkaiah Naidu who told them not to forget the words of the mother who gave birth.
Speaking to reporters, Shillong Press Club, Bah Nongrum said that they have heard that parents in their old age are being neglected by their children. This organization was established to help look after the elderly.
They are knowledgeable and polite not only in words but also in deeds.
Through the JJM scheme, the PHE department has set a target to deliver drinking water to four villages, namely, Nongkwar, Umthlong, Mawiong and Mawiongrim to deliver water supply to 3,000 households. .
Anil Chetri, who came first, said that he used to teach dance at home and after learning that there is a dance competition, he gave his name and didn't think he would win. that he will be preparing well for the final to be held in Mumbai.
At this meeting, they decided to hold a peace march on the 9th of next month in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The KSU Laban Circle today met with the DC of EKH District to remove the illegal foreigners from Maxwellton Estate.
Jowai, July 24: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District (JYF) has raided several restaurants in Mukhep, Ladrymbai and Khliehriat. They have been selling illegally by supplying wine stores to them in Ladrymbai, according to what they have told and confessed before the leaders of the party.
The BSF has also set up a women's battalion and so far there are 8500 women in the BSF battalion and out of these 149 are officer rank. I am also a member of the Bike Team.
It is surprising to issue such a statement," Paul said in an interview with the media on Thursday.
Rev SR Dkhar said that the purpose of this Home Care service is to provide services to the people especially those who have lost their lives and cannot reach hospitals. Therefore, this purpose is necessary until that is what we all need.
Benedic Buam , one of the victims , said that those who came to protest today were members of the 2010 group who were dismissed in The total number of teachers who have been appointed is 246, of whom 65 have been reinstated and 157 have lost their jobs.
Shillong, June 10: The Director General of the National Center for Technology (NECTER) Dr Arunkumar Sarma on Tuesday said that the aim of the NECTER is to develop the rural areas in the North East. India has not used its own power.
Shillong, July 04: Students who passed Grade IV in 2011, who have not been employed by the government yet, have held a march despite the ban of the Deputy Commissioner of the Government of Meghalaya. East Khasi Hills.
He added that the agency is ensuring that the program benefits those who are eligible.
This Model Code of Conduct shall apply to all candidates, political parties and the State Government as well as to the Central Government in the District where the election is held.
The Chief Minister said that Bah Sunn is a responsible person in his work and this has been evident since he was in the Water Supply Department and in this MLA. When he speaks, he speaks accurately and follows through.
Speaking to media, the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the extension of six months to those who live in Themiew Mawlong is after receiving a decision from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Chairman of the High Court of Meghalaya, said the HLC, has already distributed notices to more than 300 residents of the area. They have been given time to respond within six months and this ended on the 3rd of this month.
Using this portal, computer training and language training have resumed from July 8,
The meeting was held today to congratulate the athletes who have been selected to represent Meghalaya in various international and national sporting events.
After being the Leader of the Units and Circles, he was appointed as a Member of the Central Executive Council and served as the Assistant Education Secretary of the CEC and also as the Assistant Finance Secretary of the KSU until his retirement. in the year
We demand that the BSF should clarify this.
The Secretary of Psiar Village, Ma Bhalang Lamare, has informed the Raliang Police Station by phone, and the Officer of the Police Station has released only the vehicle, but the others have been arrested. The secretary's mobile phone could not be released.
He said that not only the PWD, Municipal and Urban Affairs departments have to take responsibility for the flooding of roads around Shillong but it is the responsibility of the people.
In her speech, Dr. Myrthong said that this blood donation is a good thing because one unit of blood can give life to three people. This blood donation can be divided into three parts. RBCs, Platelets and Plasma.
No matter how much we grow, if we forget our roots, we will not be able to support ourselves.
“Only the villages in Assam inhabited by the Khasi are allowed to go to the market, but the people of Assam and the market dwellers in Assam no longer buy agricultural products from the Khasi.
Shillong, March 31: Journalists from all parts of Maharashtra today visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss and learn about the working methods of the district councils in the state. .
Shillong, March 12: There are 88 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills today, 50 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 26 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Meghalaya has joined the rest of the country in celebrating the launch of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, a transformation initiative aimed at delivering jobs to unreached areas and delivery Government schemes.
The purpose of this prayer is, together with the community, to pray that He will protect, preserve, protect us all from this disease and that this disease will disappear. you're right.
:Providing services to the poor and upliftment of those in need is one of the priorities of the Modi Government.
Minister Duh also spoke about the job opportunities that will arise from this and said that the PM Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, along with health is the opportunity for development.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today honored Bah James Evantis Dkhar for setting up a factory at Umroh Mawkasiang which has employed 17 people. Six others worked in the factory.
According to the MMDR Act, private companies are prohibited from mining coal and only government companies and Meghalaya have the MMDC. it has nothing to do with the earthquake.
"“There are herbal medicines that I have used to treat drug addicts in New York and if people in this state who are addicted to drugs want to recover I am who is ready to help them,” said Tsering.
People should receive an SMS after the task is done.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU President Lambok Starwell Marngar said that the visit of the four organizations to the area was not to raise flags, but to start a search. to the entrance of the pictures.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The meeting of the four MLAs of Mawthadraishan, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin and Rambrai-Jyrngam constituencies has decided to nominate Bah Gitanjelis Pariong as MDC. long the MDC candidate of the party.
Urban poor families are suffering while in rural areas they cannot survive," he said.
Before the start of the competition, there was a short public speech on the exhibition of traditional food and in the evening there was a display of traditional costumes of the area.
The vehicle was carrying a man from Rangia, Assam although he was from West Bengal.
He said that the then Chief Minister DD Lapang and Assam MLA Roupon Singh Ronghang had visited the refugee camp at Sahsniang village and decided to return it. “We have transferred all the Khasi/Pnar villages from Karbi Anglong Assam to the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) but until today this has not been successful,” said Bah Syngoh.
The Government has already decided to build a Mini Secretariat at the site of the PWD North Division Jowai office. came to inspect this place.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The KSU today donated oxygen concentrators and PPEs to the Nazareth Hospital Shillong along with money to join hands in the fight against COVID-1 The state government led by the President of the party, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, also donated to Dr.H Gordon Robert Hospital Shillong.
Regarding the government's statement that it does not recognize the CEM of KHADC who has been elected in the House, it has become clear that the government has no role in appointing the Governor of KHADC. The CEM today alleged that the DCA has not been aware of the rules of the KHADC. The CEM of KHADC hopes that the Governor of Meghalaya will approve the EMs who have already sent their nominations to the High Court. Lat the state.
BJP MDC from Tura Bernard N. Marak has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to ask the NPP-led Executive Committee of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to suspend the meeting. To immediately recognize the BJP as the Opposition and to distribute the share of Tied and Untied Grants in the Constituencies led by non-NPP MDCs. “I request you to take action and direct your Executive Committee to immediately stop treating the BJP as the Opposition and to share equally. Basic Grants (Tied and Untied) so that the people can benefit.
The provision of information in the villages and communities is clear and this has led to a decrease in the spread of the disease in Meghalaya.
The SPVS was established on the order of the Supreme Court of India in 2012, that Lafarge should pay T.90/- per tonne of coal shipped from Nongtrai to Bangladesh. The funds raised shall be used for development works in the villages surrounding the mining site within 50 km radius.
On this occasion, the Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah PS Thangkhiew laid a wreath at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Main Secretariat Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The High Power Committee (HPC) today decided to cancel the tenders for the construction of the Legislative Assembly building. One of the companies that submitted the tender has submitted too little or too much and the HPC feels that the company will not be able to complete the work.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The census in India is usually conducted once every 40 years and the census was supposed to be conducted in 2021 but due to the COVID-19 positive case, the central government has postponed the census. Samaria's story in India.
Shillong, July 09: Police have arrested a drug user and drug dealer from Madanriting village inside Block D. Bah Larem Kharkongor. After the villagers asked him, he tried to escape and in this escape he was chased and arrested.
To assist the States and UTs in this regard, the Ministry of Finance has prepared a release of assistance under the back-to-back loan scheme for the financial year 2021-22 amounting to Rs. Rs.1,59,000 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today requested the Legislative Assembly for an additional T.10,62,00,000/- for the support of the North East United Football Club for the year. played 20232024 and 2024-2
The meetings were attended by representatives from India.
Police have not explained how the woman died at the scene. According to the media, no one saw the body. She informed the police and the police went to take the body of the woman.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss how to improve income generation through cooperation in the field of agriculture.
India has more than 800 million internet connections and data consumption of 16 GB+ per month, an increase of 266 percent since
However, his untimely death has brought a loss not only to the country but also to the Congress party as well.
Therefore, the demolition of the illegal toilets and structures of the Coke Plant has started from 8th November,
Guwahati, Jymmang 12: Employees of various Chit Fund companies in Assam have staged a protest to demand that the Assam government should fight to recover the money of the people who have deposited in the Chit Fund. buy that company.
Tura, July 20 : East Jaintia Hills District has won the top position among the districts in the 5th Meghalaya Games Cycle Competition held in Tura.
Rose Mary) but we have not received the number plate of the bus or any evidence that will enable us to track down those involved,” he said.
Shillong, July 12: The Government of Meghalaya has issued guidelines to the public on how to avoid the pyrthad and leilieh, how to stay away from home.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has already said that it will not allow people from other states to enter the district as the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state is still increasing.
“He also criticized the Meghalaya Government for the silence of the Assam border crossing at Ummat, Ribhoi District which has cleared the road, the construction of the Mini Stadium at Ummat and besides, the Government of Meghalaya. The Assam Government has set up a Forest Department within the boundary of Ummat Village.
This will be for the purpose of streamlining the payment of salaries of government employees and pension.
Answering questions, he said that at present it is not possible to say how they will treat the MP as Meghalaya has only two seats.
According to the SP, police suspect that the body may belong to a man.
Regarding the taking of the test so far, 3207 people have been tested, 2883 have been tested negative and 311 results are pending.
The Association also criticized the lack of confidence of the office of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the State Government on the issue of AYUSH doctors who are employees of the Health Department.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: After the shooting death of Bah Maitshaphrang Marwein by Assam passengers at Guwahati Airport on Saturday, a clash broke out between tourist taxi drivers from Assam and Meghalaya.
Referring to the Dorbar Ri, Bah John Kharshiing said that they are still waiting for the decision of the Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Khyrim on this matter.
In another incident, 1,25,000 tyngka was seized from Drin Tyngkan of Raliang.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that 1109 people have been tested positive so far, of which 1000 have been negative. There are 11 candidates and 97 results are pending.
Tourists who wish to visit this new tourist destination should be able to walk, climb the hills and descend the hills to reach the destination.
in/igT.Voting will start from 9 pm to 9 pm(SP News).
KHADC Enforcement Police today bombed 5 persons under the leadership of Bah Paul Leong, husband of Deoris Marbaniang and Kimfa Marbaniang, son of Deoris Marbaniang. Two journalists and a 24-year-old Naga girl were injured when she fell on the footpath from Bata juti shop to Iewduh and opposite the State Bank of India. , Branch Market.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The BJYM of the BJP in Meghalaya has held a Youth Parliament to discuss four issues, the role of the youth in building a new India. discuss the need to have a registration of citizens of the country.
In the petition, the MIYF has alleged that the coal trucks passing through the thew area and carrying over the border do not enter the thew area. There is a lot of coal theft in this area.
Shillong, November 25: Congress leaders have expressed their regret over the delay in the AICC's announcement of the names of the candidates for the upcoming elections.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Central Body in Meghalaya will be accompanied by the office bearers of the Citizens Foundation for Human Development Meghalaya.
According to the Act, those who win MLA elections if they have not reached 30 months of term of office cannot receive a pension. but without 30 months or two and a half years, this change was made.
Sakani Tariang who came in the sixth position in the SSLC 2017 examination was also honoured.
In 2008, he was appointed as a member of the Central Executive Council (CEC) led by Samuel B. Jyrwa and Hamlet Dohling.
