Others who were present were Ronee V Lyngdoh and James K Sangma.
It will be laid out for the people of the country to see, and taken out at special meetings.
Shillong, March 16: If the lip light is turned off in the city for only a few minutes, but in the rural areas, if the lip light is turned off for months, no one believes. which has been experiencing power outages for weeks on a regular basis even today.
The Prime Minister explained that in category Z+ there are 2 candidates, in category Z there are 16 candidates, in category Y+ there are none, in category Y there are 19 candidates and in category X there are 72 candidates in total who There were 103 people who received protection.
Police have registered a case against the accused and the investigation is ongoing. Police have arrested the accused.
Surprisingly, this Dkhar did not change the serial numbers of the Syrnod and used xerox copies to apply for Aaddhaar number.
Also present on the occasion were DC of SWGH District Bah CVD Diengdoh, Additional CE of Roads Department Divendra Hajong, Nokma of Rerapara KCH Sangma, Chairman of GHAC SM Sangmabad. Many other government officials were also present to witness this memorable day.
Nongrum said that the leaders of the State have worked hard to strengthen the voice of politics and have lost the voice of policy. He said that in the past few days he has spoken to the Secretary of the Home Department and he has promised to have a meeting but the OM has not been issued. this was not possible.
If necessary we will talk (with the MLAs of Jaintia Hills) and if they don't listen we will urge the people not to allow them to destroy.
After the power outage, several households were forced to stay in the dark due to the damage to the bulbs.
Monitoring and Control, If necessary, Containment Zones shall be marked by the District Administration at the grassroots level, in view of the guidelines approved by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on this.
In this budget for the year 2024-2025, the General Administration Department has been allocated T.35,03,18,030/-, the Law Department has been allocated T.67,20,170/-, the TND T.26,78,74,940/- has been allocated to the Department of Finance.
On this occasion, a ceremony was also held to honor the soldiers from Meghalaya who took part in the Bangladesh War in 1971. All the soldiers who have been honored by the Governor of Meghalaya days are 12 people.
He referred to some of the works done by the Central Government to train teachers and students, to develop skills and to promote self-employment through schemes like DIKSHA, Skill India, Start Up India, Make In India, USTTAD and others.
In Raksamgre Civil Sub-Division, Limison D Sangma inaugurated the flag.
Speech was also delivered by HH Mohrmen who spoke on the threat to mankind and the world as a whole from our destruction of the environment and our environment.
The revenue from startups in the world is about $3 trillion out of the total revenue of the world which is ~$90 trillion and is still growing.
On the other hand, the VC said that this is only the allocation of funds from NEHU and not through the UGC because until now the UGC has not given the recognition to this campus. The government has banned all universities from opening new campuses.
Until today, the KSU stands firm on the ground that the census year should be on October 24, 1971,” he said. to make public the difference in population in the 1951, 1971 and 1981 censuses.
He also congratulated the State for allocating 8 percent of the budget to spend on health and urged other States to follow the example of Meghalaya to address the challenges in health.
The government has not allowed factories to open to employ only those people who are already in the state to bring in jobs from the government. four shah.
There will also be a quiz, speech and drawing competition.
However, the Minister replied that the medicines have been damaged due to the lack of access to them during the years when the state has been hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
As an MLA who has to walk through this road to reach his constituency, he has received a lot of complaints from the people. They were sent from Orissa and now these coins will arrive before Christmas.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: To share the burden of the residents of Paradoh-Para snam who are facing any problems and especially since our state has been affected by this COVID-19 pandemic -19.
The Pharmacist in-charge has informed the relevant authorities regarding the disposal of damaged medicines which will start from July 29, 2023, the statement said.
"He also expressed his satisfaction with the mission and ambition of Mary Mount School, which is to improve the quality of education and the status of the school from one level to another.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that what happened should be a lesson for all because such a tournament has been held again after many years and it is the first time in 50 years. the fourth.
His claim that the ECI has re-confirmed him as president is unfounded.
New Delhi, November 28: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today sent his condolences on the passing away of DMDK founder Thiru Vijayakanth in Tamil Nadu. a very obvious actor.
Shillong, July 21: Meghalaya Police today arrested a man named Md Bulbul Islam from the house after a long follow-up. You are in Shillong.
The other attractions of the festival are strawberry picking at the farms, wine tasting, jam making, glamping in the strawberry fields, live music, cultural performances.
If we take the figures in Shillong, the state residents are only 50%, if such a Bill is passed in Parliament, the small paid of the North East will disappear.
However, the water supply to their village has not been completed yet.
The establishment of good institutions like IIM and NIFT will help establish the region as a source and center of education.
Speaking to reporters, Bah B Marwein General Secretary and S. Nongrum President, Shillong Municipal Board, said that the government has not implemented the work. condition.
The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri today visited the patients admitted to Nongpoh Civil Hospital and Umsning CHC. Shillong, Jymmang : The 132 KV sub-station of MeECL at Moowakhu in East Jaintia Hills District has suddenly caught fire at 9.40 pm today. The damage caused by the incident has exceeded Rs 6 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The District Transport Officer of South Garo Hills has lodged a complaint with the police that he has received a letter demanding Rs 5 lakh in the name of the GNLA. Police have started investigation into the extortion to find out whether it is true that the GNLA has come or whether there are people who claim to be GNLA members. .Watseng M Sangma, one of the richest men, has informed the police that he has received a letter containing a 7.62 rifle which has not been used yet. T.15 lakh in the name of UALA. On the 1st and 12th of this month, he received another SMS saying that he should pay only 5 lakh tyngka. that if he does not pay this five lakh, they will do so.
He said that he is pleased that the cooperatives have opened up for this initiative.
The donations were collected by the selected owners and also by the family members due to the inability of the owners to attend, this was witnessed by the elders and members of the group.
The youths together with the Sordar of Mawkhmahrang Bah Klas Sohphoh also urged the office bearers of HPSO West to be willing to have love and compassion in working for the people. the problems faced by the people of this region in collaboration with the west.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Rymbai said that when the shallan reached the market, it cost between T.95,000/- to T.10,5000/- per shallan. always will not necessarily reach that high.
The launch of the film was attended by the producers of the film, Bah S.Kharsyntiew, who wrote the story and directed the film. as well as the supporters in the production of this film “Ki Ummat”.
Dr Jitendra Singh said the measures taken by the department in this second phase of the pandemic include following the guidelines of the DoPT on the precautionary measures to curb the spread of COVID-1
In this regard, they have already submitted a petition to the Chief Minister and at the same time the salary of T.20,493 in UP Schools has been increased to T. ,000 and for LP schools from T.19,943 to T.15,0
The multi media will be translated into 11 languages ​​of India.
Shillong, Nailur 29: A jeep has fallen on a jeep on the highway at Sanmer today at about 3 pm today. the old man had a slight injury on the head.
The Prime Minister said that there may be policies but it will be difficult if there are no sports grounds where the boys and girls do not have a place to exercise. has increased the awarding of prizes to the winners of the games.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) today arrested two persons, Bah Mebanson Shylla, 34, of East Khasi Hills. Franky Wahlang of Golflink, Shillong.
Regarding the shops selling animal food, they have also been classified as working areas so that the shops can open on the days announced by the DCs to open their shops in the areas where they fall. .
At 10.43 pm, 471 out of 543 Lok Sabha MP Parliamentary Constituencies have been declared and the remaining 72 constituencies have been announced by the Election Commission of India. still to be announced.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert said that the well on the footpath has been demolished because it has become a nightclub for some criminals. with cords so that the wicked cannot stay overnight.
Surprisingly, there are many illegal shops in EJHD which are not run by foreigners.
Children who have special talents in sports will be invited to the training programs to be held at the SAI training camps. He was trying to swim in the Umñiuh Khwan River near Union Christian College (UCC), after he drowned and died shortly after rescuing his son.
Mary GT Sangma, commandant of the 6MLP Battalion, has been transferred and appointed as the Principal Police Training School.
Shillong, Nov 15: The third day of the India International Cherry Blossom Festival 2019 in Shillong has attracted more and more attention.
He is 5 feet 3 inches tall.
Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has introduced the Meghalaya Lokayukta Amendment Bill, 2013 while Home Minister Roshan Warjri has introduced the Poison (Amendment) Bill, Laloo introduced the Meghalaya Private Universities (Amendment) Bill,
In the past two days, police have raided the headquarters of a rebel group in Rongdotchi and found writings under the name of the United People's Revolutionary Alliance. (UPRA).
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that during his tenure as MDC, he has tried his best to give participation to all the different villages and villages in the constituency. There is no small help but all these things should be done in a warm and bright manner with the understanding of the Village Authorities, Youth and also the Villagers, in which he also urged the Spirit. of Cooperation in the days and times ahead so that the aspirations of bringing about change can be achieved.
Technology has been used extensively in this process and thus a multidisciplinary approach has been developed and introduced in this process.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The 101 Area Battalion today celebrated its 50th Anniversary in Shillong since its inception in
This demand is clear that this will be a one-time opportunity, so that those youths who have not yet applied for jobs during the COVID-19 pandemic can also apply now. hun the government response.
The spokespersons were Barisha Warjri, Batsaipan, media spokesperson, Filbert Warjri and Nongkynpham chief, Hording Warjri.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: To address the traffic jam in Shillong, 10 new vehicles are registered every day with the office of the District Transport Officer, Shillong. DGP said Idashish Nongrang.
The meeting was conducted by KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah.
In the midst of this issue, we the youth of the country who are the children of Meghalaya stand on the foundation and work hard to preserve our country. of the right of ownership over the land that has existed since ancient times.
He also spoke about the traditional programs held in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Lakshadweep and Kargil where more than 4,000 people attended to receive the VBSY. “This will also help the people in those areas where the vehicle has not yet arrived.
The test site is located in the Mairang Civil Sub Division. The test site is located in the Mairang Civil Sub Division. .
Shillong, Lber 29: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today gave their opinion to the Legal Department of the Government. The state should review the roster system before implementing the roster system in the state.
This annual fishing festival is held by the Syiem of Raid Marngar together with the Longsan and Mansan. They went down to the pond to catch the fish which the Raid used to catch once a year so that the children of thousands could enjoy and rejoice when they held this festival once a year.
This is not an easy task and that is why we need the advice of experts.
In the investigation, the arrested persons have confessed that they came to take the money in the name of the person who claimed through Facebook and on 22/8/2023 they went to arrest Bah Issei Sungoh from his residence. You are in Dkhiah East because you have received a phone call.
Women-led development, funding for environmental causes, solutions to nature-based problems, engagement with transitions to cleaner business practices and the future of activity.
Lalatendu Mohanti, IPS, Inspector General, BSF Meghalaya Frontier, has directed all BOPs on the border with Bangladesh to be vigilant to ensure that there is no smuggling of firearms from India to Bangladesh.
The Darrang Elaka under the leadership of the Dalloi, wants the government to suspend this decision and the Elaka will take other measures even if the road is not allowed. The district authorities are prepared to prevent the spread of the disease.
We call on the Jaitbynriew to be ready and willing to fight against UCIL, the government and others in any way.
Referring to the tax for Umphiang, he said they know that the central government charges only T.16/- tyngka, but the state government charges up to T.32/- tyngka. bein to the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet will leave for Delhi to meet with the Union Ministers to discuss the issue. to lift the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
Errors were found in General Knowledge and Mathematics (Errors are indicated in the Xerox copy of the question papers attached on the following pages).
Shillong, November 12: The Special Purpose Vehicles Society (SPVS) has been established following the decision of the Supreme Court of India to implement development projects not funded by Lafarge. Umiam Mining Private Limited.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, Titosstarwell said the purpose of the meeting was to give advice to the government on the Land Transfer Act in three parts.
This is the first step to strengthen the youth branch of the NPP party in the state, at the same time they will start the registration of youth to the party in the state. one for those who were and those yet to come.
Answering questions, he said that the government has promised to provide assistance later.
Paul Lyngdoh said the social welfare department of the state government has now opened 14 new posts to strengthen its work.
On the day of the competition, Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will be the chief guest in the presence of Kyrmen Shylla and Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State and MLA of the constituency.
The holiday announcement for the day was issued by the Under Secretary of the Meghalaya Government Department in charge of departmental affairs.
The Adventurers have taken up this drug distribution in the area because this place is also a market in the center of Shillong and at the same time it is also a place of residence. houses of many people.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Pala said that although the opening of the registration was held today, the registration will start on 30th November The IYC election will be held from 12th November to 12th November
Shillong, Naitung 08: The newly elected Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Krishan Kant Paul, in his speech, said that it is necessary to get the clean and pure.
The BSF has also tried to distribute medicines in the villages in the border areas, distribute masks and hand soap, provide food items and drinking water and also provide medicines to the villagers. people in need.
Shillong, Naitung 02: A person from Ri Bhoi District who works in Assam has tested positive for COVID-19 and is under quarantine. .
Every man who fulfills his duty demonstrates in his own way, this freedom.
“They told us that they would demolish the building and they needed a letter from the Foundation," he added.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Shillong Lajong Academy, India beat China's Luoyang Xigong Fanglin 3-3 on the opening day of the BRICS U-12 International Youth Football Tournament at Putian Sports Center in China.
Light equipment used in agriculture has been released.
As a sign of mourning, flags were raised in all parts of Mawlai as a sign of mourning for the loss of this elderly man, and to condemn the police's rape of his life. you are old.
The Umngot River is our Mother and Father who has sustained us since the time of Kulong Kumah and there is no wealth, no land, and no other roads or paths that can be connected with the Umngot River.
The entry fee for each team is Rs.1,000/- and the prize money will be Rs.20,000/- + trophies. Individual Prizes for Players.
Referring to his arrival in India, he said that it is impossible to turn back to the old, but what needs to be done from now on is to improve it and this team that has been formed within the country. the Sixth Schedule, Article 2 (2), which states that there shall be a group.
It is said that in fear, the drivers of the trucks have given as much as they could to avoid injuries.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Prime Minister said that the government will encourage all households to plant one tree per household as part of the struggle to restore the country's economy. the slogan and motto is "My life, my tree"
The reason for this is due to the overloading of trucks passing through this highway.
According to the petition submitted by the KSU to the Minister, the names of the applicants who have completed the Written Test for the post of Assistant Engineer were conducted by MeECL on 13th November, 2019 and The Results will be released on 19th July 2019 while the personal interview for the 24 candidates who have passed the written test which was scheduled to be held on 26th July, 20129 has been canceled with notice. it shall be announced later.
Born on 7th June 1944, Kong Helen Giriilong is a talented traditional musician from Meghalaya, and is well known for her efforts to promote and preserve traditional Khasi dances.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) today decided to install new vehicles at 76 police stations in the state.
The meeting chaired by the Vice-Chancellor who is also the Chairman of the Committee discussed the assault on the student and the meeting with the Naga leaders and civil society groups and the formation of the The Inquiry Committee of the University will conduct an investigation into the incident.
In this meeting, the contractor promised and accepted these suggestions. The union expresses its gratitude to the government through the MLA for implementing such development works in the area. but at the same time expresses its concern if the implementation will be in this way.
On the other hand, the KSU does not hesitate to warn the Waheh Shnongs who take advantage of the jaidbynriew for their own personal gain and also those Agencies who do not respect the Muluk people.
We will have to discuss this with various groups before planting dangerous trees,” he said.
Shillong, July 05: The employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) who staged an indefinite strike today called off their strike after the MTC authorities promised to to pay their three months' salary.
On 1st November, 2023, Ride to Serve has submitted a letter to the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong to issue permits and pay taxes without contacting the aggregators in the state.
The Head of KPC Group, Dr KP Choudhury, said that he is happy to take up this project especially since he was born in this city. he needs the help of the government and the people of the state.
Various NGOs can also send their suggestions in writing to the office of the party in the districts or to the office of the party in the state.
Manipur won the first place after a thrilling match against Assam on the weekend.
Members of the BJP led by Chief Spokesperson Bah M.Kharkrang have staged a protest in front of the party headquarters in Shillong to condemn the allegations of corruption by the Congress MP. and Dheeraj Sahu of Jharkhand.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Social Welfare Department of the State Government on 10/Lber 2021 has issued a government notice that those who are eligible to receive assistance from the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme must have Aadhaar or those who still have Aadhaar.
Furthermore, under the KRISHI UDAN Yojna, we have identified 16 airports to improve the transportation opportunities in the region.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting to discuss the treatment of those infected with COVID-1 -19 who went for treatment in mission and private hospitals.
This policy will be effective from 1 January 2021 and will be reviewed from time to time.
During the year, 23 cases were registered and 48 people were arrested.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the people to cooperate with the government, although there will be an understanding and there will be those who say why to do this when there is no problem. The government does not want to be prepared for the outbreak.
Speaking to reporters, Tyrchain Lypon, president of NEHUSU, said that the student of the university has lodged a complaint against her assistant professor in writing the book. of it and has had a change by doing something wrong.
The Vice President of the Association, Bah Badon Pyrtuh, said that these employees whom the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare wants to confirm were appointed in
The Lukha River is an old sacred river, it is the source of those areas which cannot be owned by any religion or private individual. “To build a separate sanctuary for the puja like other places so as not to affect the environment or the rivers,” said Kwilnis Suchiang, Secretary Environment and Cultural Cell.
Shillong, November 31: The West Assam Milk Producers' Cooperative Union Ltd.
The discussion will also focus on the light outage which has affected the students of the state, this has happened in the city as well as in the rural areas, the students have faced problems in this online class, they will talk also of the constant increase in food prices.
On receiving this information, the police sent police from the state to the scene of the accident and found that the vehicle in which the police were accompanying the minister had overturned. The minister's vehicle was also damaged in the incident.
In the meantime, the MLA of the area, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has come to the scene to stop the incident. shops of those who have been closed due to the riots.
The Chief Officer of the State said that it is time for you to speak well because now there are 40 EMRS schools all of which are CBSE. They have to write in other languages, KAS should set this as a goal.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 19: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has announced that it will continue to hold a public meeting announced on Friday 21st at Mawkyrwat Market to protest against the Tender Notice of the Uranium Corporation of India. Ltd which was launched on 02.07.2016 through the media and the website of UCIL. This public meeting was held as a protest against UCIL and to demand that the government should punish this company which has tried to write by The power of the people of South West Khasi Hills District and the nation as a whole.
Democracy, differences, culture, common sense, way of life and views for the world, now the world sees solutions to all these problems," he said.
The documentary will be broadcast on Pearl's Cable TV: 20th, 21st, 22nd at 9 pm and 23rd at 8 pm.
The HITO said that in schools with 60 students there should be at least two teachers and if there are 91 to 100 students there should be four teachers.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that UCIL has crossed the limit in terms of the allocation of funds by the previous government, if you look at the Expression of Interest ( The EOI) called by UCIL is no longer just the preparation for uranium mining, but more than that.
About 14 children who sell kwai dong every day in Jokai town of West Jaintia Hills District have taken part in various programs organized by this organization.
Home Guards, although they have worked for a long time, do not have the right to be employed full-time or to be recognized as full-time employees. different who need their performance.
The BSF intended to smuggle them to the border and they saw this and turned to rescue the man from the hands of the BSF. This happened in the morning.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that besides the banks, there are companies that take money from the people to protect the people. The people of the government shall pass a law to protect the depositors.
From these signs, Mawryngkeng has the right to get a Civil Sub Division for the benefit of the people of the area.
The Ayushman Bharat PM-JAY has provided assistance to 5.7 crore hospitals worth more than Rs 70,000 crore.
UDP East Khasi Hills District President T Chyne said that the CEM PN Syiem has already replied to the UDP Parliamentary Party Leader in KHADC Teinwll Dkhar and This will be discussed at the PDF on the 16th of this month.
The office curfew will also be in force in all four C&RD Block, Mawsynram and Ranikor Block.
On this day, the office bearers of the Union for West Khasi Hills District will also be elected and confirmed.
On the other hand, the government cannot do anything without a written complaint. Until now, no complaint has been received from the government. This was announced by Congress Spokesperson Himalaya Shangpliang.
In another incident, a Maruti car collided with a truck at Jyntru at 7.40 pm while they were on their way from Nongpoh to Shillong.
HYC Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh in a statement said, “When the HYC fights against drugs, it fights against drugs but it does not fight against drug users.
The implementation of the decision came after the government received suggestions from many Autonomous District Councils, KSU, Rangbah Shnongs, Land Traders Union and others. term.
The elders who attended the ceremony were from all political parties and civil society organizations to pay their last respects to this elder.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister listened to the speeches of the MEPA leaders and after the meeting, it was decided to set up a special committee to discuss the issue. whatever the government does will be in the interest of the people.
The CEM, Chairmam and Deputy Chairman shall be removed in the House and they shall accept it.
Earlier, Bah Shakliar Warjri reminded the athletes to use the prize money wisely so that they can showcase their talents in sports.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, Kingstone said that in 2021 he filed a complaint against the incumbent NPP MLA from Mahendraganj constituency Sanjay A. Sangma and others. on the non-completion of the Member Hostel project in Tura worth T.6,01,31,100.00 crore and this money has been allocated through the Special Assistance of the Central Plan Scheme for the year 2015-2 The Ministry of Finance has released T.100.71 crore as Grant-in-Aid to the GHADC for the development of the Schedule Tribe Areas.
BJP Meghalaya State Unit Chief Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang has congratulated Union Minister for Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari and Prime Minister Narendra Modi for allocating T.1,2 crore for the construction of Phulbari-Tura road on National Highway 127B in Meghalaya.
On the same day, a march was held in Tiehsaw village which is the hometown of Saralin Waniang. it doesn't kill people.
The Cabinet meeting today was to discuss in detail the border settlement talks between Assam and Meghalaya which still have some issues which they discussed before meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam.
Shillong, March 12: As part of the Border Management Plan, the BSF has distributed food items to three villages on the border with Bangladesh, Naljuri and Dawki. Pyrdwah East Khasi Hills District.
In fact, the government should have built a hospital at this place for the benefit of the people of the state as many people from all over the state go for treatment at this hospital. which they have no place to stay.
The first-day COVID-19 vaccination campaign across the country has been going smoothly.
According to the Congress leaders from the constituency, on the 18th of this month, the name of one of the youths whom the people want to elect to the District Council as MDC will be announced. He said that the youth who is applying for the Congress ticket is from the constituency where people know and respect him.
Police have tried to do everything possible to release the abductee and to ensure that nothing bad happens to him from the place where they knew he was in Gaspara Simola. , Amsui is located in Nagaon District of Assam.
The MTA also expressed its gratitude to Max Cement and Star Cement for their support for the tournament which will start on the 15th and end on the 18th of this month in Shillong.
The Government's wish is to facilitate the acquisition of land for those who wish to set up factories, through this “Meghalaya Invest” to increase the state's GDP to 10 billion US Dollars by The government has set a target of 1 billion US dollars for private investment.
Police have warned the owners of houses not to rent their houses to drug traffickers.
Founder and CEO of AVENUES Meghalaya, Mark Laitflang Stone, said, “This event will be memorable for the youth of the North East.
The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that the 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from the army, 1 nurse from the Shillong, 2 returnees and 3 doctors from NEIGHRIHMS Hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Frederick said the elections will be held simultaneously for Ranikor and South Tura.
On the other hand, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said that he has already been in Delhi and it is understood that the meeting will be held tomorrow morning. Mukul Wasnik's arrival in Meghalaya to meet with Congress office bearers for two days was accompanied by the General Secretary of the AICC. CP Joshi, Meghalaya, was also present.
To bring about the establishment of a C&RD Block in Khonjoy, it is necessary to establish a C&RD Block in Khonjoy.
On this occasion, a meeting was also held with all the Khasi youth and those who have just graduated from the university were welcomed.
: To promote cooperation between Japan and India especially in Meghalaya, the President of the Meghalaya Sports Association, Bah John F. Kharshiing on Tuesday left for New Delhi to meet with the First Secretary. (PR & Culture) Embassy of Japan Kobayashi Takashi and Third Secretary Hakamata Maho.
The PWD department has already awarded the contract to clean the Sohra road from Mawkdok to Sohra in 2021 but the work has not yet started due to the rain. the prime minister said.
According to the District Magistrate, the storage and smuggling of meat by the vendors can cause the contamination of the meat through the pumps and can also spoil the meat which can cause diseases to the consumers. .
Shillong, July 25: The Union of Rangbah Kurs of Bri-U Hynniewtrep (KARKBH) has convened a meeting of Rangbah Kurs today. The event will be held on 02 June 2019 at Bivar Road Shillong opposite the State Convention Centre.
Initially many of the women were reluctant to come forward but now they have seen their friends and now there are 85 women who have come to take part.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The question is whether there is a Panchayat in Meghalaya.
This year, the Army will conduct the ceremony and the ceremony will be led by Lieutenant Colonel Gaurav S Yewalkar.
The selected candidates will be broadcast on TV channels like DD North East, T7 News, YouTube page and newspapers.
During the meeting, they discussed a lot on this issue from all sides, whether from those who oppose or support and also from the government on these roads and after a long discussion. After more than two hours, no decision was reached and the meeting was adjourned to continue the discussion.
At the same time, COMSO urges other political parties if they cannot meet but urges them to support the decision to introduce ILP in Meghalaya. .
He said that since Meghalaya has been a full state for many years, although the ILP has not been implemented, there has been no development but it is surprising to see that the development is only “The infiltration of foreigners in the towns and cities and whether we can accept this,” he asked.
At this meeting, all the government departments presented their budget for the year 2014-2015 and all these were accepted by the DPDC meeting. (SP News).
In the men's category, Gamseng Marak won with 49 symbols and Dildin Marak came second with 41 symbols.
Hek has met with the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry, Bah AL Hek to demand the establishment of pig farms in Mawkyrwat.
There are also the priestly laws, the holy laws, the ryngkew ki basa, who protect the iaker and if they are wronged, they will never forgive anyone.
“When asked whether farmers will be exempt from paying tax under the GST, Paul said that various autonomous district councils (ADCs) have the authority to collect tax on certain goods.
Constable Kynshai Pillar Lyngdoh and Constable Reggienald Dkhar led the team, Kamal Sharma and Constable Romel Sohtun led the team and Saffi led Constable Clever G. Momin. .
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a statement warning all political parties and candidates contesting elections that they should not use children in election campaigns.
When the SP News Agency visited the area, it was found that there are Lymbit shisha sdien rydien in the kit and dieng and not only a few but it is estimated that there are thousands of Lymbit in the area.
The large market where these miners in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo earn their living from mining and exporting it to Bangladesh is a country that needs this mineral, Mawshun.
He said most of the illegal immigrants in the area are from Assam, Uttar Pradesh and other states.
This will ensure that the states of the region have access to electricity, and this will help in the development of factories and create jobs.
The HYC hopes that the Drug Inspector will take action and the HYC will continue to monitor and visit the Shahlang Market because the aim of the HYC is that the Shahlang Market will become the property of the people of the area. The market is owned by the villagers because in the past it has not been owned by foreigners.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Five cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, three cases in West Garo Hills and two cases in West Garo Hills. after.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Sanbor Shulai, MLA of South Shillong constituency, together with his supporters today met with the President of the BJP to discuss the issue of Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait has been elected as the MP candidate of the party from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
This affects these trees because they just cut down or if we cut down these branches these trees fall and after a few years they die.
Shillong, November 25: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 29 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, 18 cases in East Khasi Hills and 11 cases in Ri Bhoi. .
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh promised to take action on these issues affecting the job seekers of the state.
The Vice President of the Circle was Commander Shangpliang from Mawkyrwat. There were also former Presidents like JJ Hashah, C Nongbri, MS Nongbri, L Pariong, N Marwein, JC Diengan and L Sangma were also welcomed in the presence of senior UDP members Dr Donkupar Roy, Bindo M Lanong and Alan Dkhar.
All these foreigners came from Darrang district of Assam with the intention of coming to our state to look for jobs, according to a statement sent by Banjop Maring, President Eastern Border Area Circle. .
They can take their examination in a second language in English and one language can be written in English, but I think carefully about this, even if that should be a rule. Those who take the Riewlum syrnot should write the examination in their own language, those who take the Khasi syrnot should write the examination in their own language, not soon.
On the other hand, the Ministry of Transport has raised the issue of allowing two wheelers to operate by allowing them to obtain a license which has been accepted. by your cabinet.
Speaking at the meeting, Cmde Dhiraj Sareen, Deputy Director General, UIDAI, Regional Office Guwahati said that having Aadhaar has been a special privilege since its inception in
Speaking to reporters, Bety Jyrwa, president of the Women Wing, and A Rapsang, spokesperson of the Women Wing, said that the rape happened on the 25th of this month.
It has two auditoriums that can accommodate 300 people, a student hostel that can accommodate about 550 students and other facilities such as an International Centre, an amphitheater that can accommodate up to Faculty Club, Sports Complex and others.
Those who attended the meeting were workers from the dewbilat factories in the area.
At present, the Election Commission of India has not issued an announcement on the dissolution of the fifth Legislative Assembly.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The decision of the Shiphew to hold a 48 hour night curfew will start tomorrow morning if the government fails to repair the highway from Jowai to parts of Assam.
During the interview, the girl said that she is a student of Navodaya Vidyalay and has just completed her final examination for Higher Secondary in Science.
On this occasion, a traditional dance known as “Chhau” from West Bengal was performed by the group from Purulia. the state.
In Delhi, three persons have been discharged from hospital while one is under observation at Rajiv Gandhi Hospital, Shahdara.
The amount of money received from the monthly salary is T.3.14 lakh.
“He spoke about the intention of Myntri Rangbah Duh to provide government jobs to the youth in a timely manner,” he said.
At present, the livelihood of the minorities in this area has not been used properly.
“Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, President of KSU Mawlai Circle, said, “They want to know how many months the target has been set to complete this work and the money allocated for this work.
It may be recalled that u Rangbah was killed by five robbers who blocked his road in an unlicensed Maruti Gypsy at Moopala on the 22nd of this month.
It started with the celebration of the second death anniversary of Bah B Nishan Wahlang at the Riti Academy of Visual Arts last year.
Ashish said it is not easy to free India from this crisis but this is to make the government aware that the government should do something, he cannot do it on his part. However, this march was to convey to the government authorities that they should do something.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Answering a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that In 2015, Meghalaya received 1.43 km of border demarcation between India and Bangladesh.
: Officers and staff of Raj Bhavan on Thursday held a condolence meeting at Raj Bhavan, Shillong to express their sorrow over the untimely passing away of Suman Chauhan, daughter of the Governor of Meghalaya. Phagu Chauhan, who passed away on Thursday morning at AIIMS, New Delhi.
Similarly, gross and net market borrowings through dated securities in 2024-25 are expected to reach T 14.13 and 11.75 lakh crore respectively and both will be lower in 2023-2
After this great man came to preach the word of God and when he stayed in this Khasi country he found that the people did not have the right to write. I don't know what the Khasi people are doing now.
Two Advanced Light Helicopters Mark-III Dhruv of the Indian Air Force will lower the flag in Line Astern Formation.
Answering a question on religion, Bah Hek said that incidents happen in some places and these incidents should not be done by the BJP, but the BJP has been defamed. The burning of the Khasi place of worship in Upper Shillong, Baniun was done by the BJP. What happened in Manipur between the Baptist and Catholic churches.
His urge to the probationers to be honest, clean in terms of corruption and to do their job properly is relevant even in our time.
The party has decided to work hard to strengthen the party in this area and to make it clear to the people that only the BJP can provide adequate services from the party. part of the country and the state.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the HFU for organizing the first Meghalaya Farmers Day in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Joint Action Committee and the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) have organized a public meeting in Lad Jalyiah to demand the closure or relocation of the Coke factory in Mookhep. The meeting went ahead and it was decided that the government should take action within a day.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the committee will look into the smooth running of the Entrance Test.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday gave six months to the State Government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to resolve the pending issue regarding the evacuation of 342 households from Them. Market Wide.
Last year, the Excise Department collected T.150.88 crore in revenue from kyiad, which is an increase of only 10% from the previous year. the market.
Shillong, November 30: Foreigners don't know much about the North East, especially Meghalaya, said the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
However, the Police should not cover their faces when they have to deal with the people's leaders or the people especially when we are fighting for the rights of democracy.
The office informs that there will be a shortage in the supply of water to the above mentioned areas, the office is currently repairing them and will try to complete them as soon as possible. the public.
The Consulate officials also had a meeting with several officials of Meghalaya.
The BSF have arrested two Indians, the driver and the driver of the truck near Kuliang in East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) is preparing to hold the 3rd Sohra Half Marathon of 21 km on the 14th of November,
Referring to the protest in front of the Meghalaya House in Kolkata, the Chief Minister said the Meghalaya government has spoken to the West Bengal government on this.
These two Cabinet Ministers in the former Modi 2.0 government have been reinstated in the Modi 3.0 government.
Shillong, November 12: The Chairman of the Election Committee of the Voice of People Party (VPP) Dr. K Chen today announced the candidates for the 2023 MLA elections from 14 constituencies.
They came to protest against the statement of the Minister of Education, which shows that the Minister of State has no knowledge regarding the RTE. Act or the rules of RTE, does the Minister not know the rules?
Shillong, March 08: The Youth Wing of the KHNAM party today wrote to Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC to inform him that foreign taxi drivers in Shillong do not have labour. License.
NEIGRIHMS is the Nodal Headquarters for Telemedicine Services in the entire North East Region covering the five states of Meghalaya, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Mizoram and Tripura.
Speaking to reporters, Shylla said that the KHADC has not passed a new law on the Inner Line Permit but the KHADC has introduced a Bill on the ILP. The KHADC has urged the Governor of the State to give his approval to the implementation of the ILP within the KHADC. The government in sending the ILP Bill to the KHADC has written clearly that the KHADC cannot pass a law on the ILP. laws passed by the Governor of the State and approved by the President of India.
Government officials who came to take part in the celebration included the Army, Army and Government officials of Meghalaya. The match pass was led by the Assam Riffle. Regiment, BSF, State Police, SF-10 and many schools who came to take part in this day.
From the police investigation, it is understood that the people who committed the crime wanted to run it in prostitution.
The three-day program was held at Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh and was opened by Manish Kumar, IAS, Assistant Commissioner, Ri Bhoi.
To mark the 50th Anniversary of Bangladesh's Independence, a ceremony was held to honor those who took part in the struggle for independence.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman NESO) said that it is through football that teaches the players and even the spectators to have the spirit of fighting. Team Work is not to be selfish if we really want to reach the goal of success.
By signing the name, you will bring together a voice to demand, to provide adequate educational institutions, adequate health facilities, to fight for the preservation of the environment, preservation of culture and protection of the rights of the public.
The important thing is how to find ways to preserve the elephant corridors and government departments to strengthen the vision of the Board.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, today said that 339 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of cases to
New Delhi, Jymmang 21: Looking back at 2021 and looking at 2022, it is clear that these two countries are in an era that is compatible with each other.
Shillong, July 20: The President of the Republican Party of India (RPI) Ramdas Athawale today announced the names of 10 candidates for the MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. long on 27June 2023.
On the other hand, the Project Director of the REC in Shillong, said that Meghalaya had applied for a scheme from the REC in 2005 and till now it has not applied for anything.
On the day of the opening of the shops, the Hima Mylliem Police have closed down two Pusari shops nearby for not complying with the order. the command of the kingdom.
The incident happened at 9.45 pm. Poliberth was injured and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment. Police are investigating. .
They were named Abdul Mukalam, Nur Alom and Sanjit Ray.
Kharshiing also urged the children not to lag behind in their lives, they should try so that they understand the importance of hard work.
The incident occurred at 9.30 pm in a vehicle belonging to an i2
The semifinal clash against Jharkhand proved to be a high-octane encounter, with Meghalaya securing a thrilling 5-3 victory.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU President Ready First June Nongbsap expressed his regret over the departure of Vice Chancellor Prof.PS Shukla from his office. conduct a protest to raise awareness on the demands of the Union.
Looking back at this present age, which they do not believe is an age of light and knowledge, it has become a very dangerous and terrible age.
“Besides Hek, Momin said that other candidates for the Shillong seat include Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait, former BJP State President Ernest Mawrie, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh. and Mrs. Sumitra Laloo.
However, the English language should not be mixed with the same language because there are no other languages ​​in the Khasi language.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Thomas M Marak.
Shillong, July 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today visited Khatkasla village in Block 1 on receiving information that the Assam Government is planning to build a Police Outpost near the village.
S.Thangasamy,Thiru.
The government dewbilat factory is one of the employers of the people of Sohra whether they work in the office, inside the factory and other jobs although they are related to the factory but the people of Sohra The government has closed the factory.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The ruling MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have expressed their gratitude to Bah Equator Nongrem Deputy Chairman for his election. to see that the opposition did not come to take part in the House.
Rescue efforts have been ongoing and assistance has been provided to those involved in the accident.
The purpose of distributing these chicks is to train the people to be able to engage in livestock breeding such as chicken breeding and cattle breeding as this is an occupation that can increase the income of The people have a high demand in the market for chickens and also for milk.
Also, to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, to maintain the Dorbar Shnong, Hima and Dorbar Raid, the intention to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the state official languages.
Children under the age of five suffer from physical, mental or mental illness.
The HPF demands that the KHADC should take action to talk to the Chief Executive Members not to issue NOCs while the Inner Line Permit has not been implemented in Meghalaya.
The celebration was enriched by songs and dances by the local artists.
He said that the government should take action at this juncture to evacuate these people who are living in Themmotor.
The meeting also brought forward amendments to the Meghalaya Agriculture Produce and Live Stock Act 2020. This amendment is small and not large.
Tura, Naitung 01: Police today identified Bethma Ch Sangma, 29, of Silkichigrikgittim village, Chokpot as a member of the ASAK, who was killed in a shooting incident. police station.
: Two dumper trucks of a company in Bokmagre village, Tura, West Garo Hills District have been set on fire by robbers.
The traffic jam has also angered the passengers who have been stuck for many hours in the middle of the road.
The union will continue to take responsibility to ban foreigners from entering the district until the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District and the government authorities issue another decision to ban foreigners from entering the district. Forwardman Nongrem President KSU SWKH District said that the project will be held on behalf of the KSU.
Research from the USA and China has shown that protein in the body works within 3 or 4 days and not after that.
The BGB and the police of the country have not been able to arrest the kidnappers because their main goal is to rescue Bah Ricky from the hands of the kidnappers. You can release this man so that you will avoid any tragedy.
In the dream of the Khasi Khara, it is through this place that in the past there was a golden age where people went up and down between the Khyndai above and the Hynniewtrep below.
On the other hand, Airtel has not been able to provide satisfactory service to the public.
On the other hand, these Jugali who have passed alleged that all this is just a ploy by MeECL after demanding for many months that MeECL should release this list.
He said that under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, the government will be a blessing to the people to turn back to the Congress.
During the meeting, they discussed several issues and to strengthen relations between the two countries in the fields of programming and entertainment, strengthening people-to-people relations and monitoring the development of relations. between these articles.
The government is aware of all these developments and therefore is coming up with steps on how to provide together.
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD asked these organizations to send a letter to the government within four days to stop the purchase of coal from Assam.
The winners of these tournaments were Manai vs Urur Rangshken in Football and in Basketball Mawlai vs Mawprem in the men's category and Mawlai vs Mawprem in the women's category. to the Wahlang branch of the Warjri Kur Seng.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The Shillong Cantonment Board was established in 1885 and has now reached its 139th anniversary. Shillong was born in
It was recalled that last year the government had held a Farmers Parliament and this was the first farmers' meeting in the state.
After receiving the bailutksan for the Raid Mylliem, he did not inform the entire Dorbar and the decision was taken only by the Syiem and a few Ministers.
The program was also enriched by skits and songs performed and sung by members of various VECs of Mairang Block.
The delegation was led by Samla Rangbah Satly Ryngkhlem Vice President in the presence of Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Samla Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Finance Secretary of KSU EJHDU in the presence of Samla Cherity Suja Assistant. Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU and Samla Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem.
He said that the people also damaged the vehicle of the three.
At the same time, it was decided that those who buy kyiad to deliver to their homes will be three liters per day and beer will be four liters per day and this will be only for those who are 20 years old and above. The report will be sent back to the Deputy Commissioners, said James Sangma, Minister in charge of Power.
He said before they showed the signs they took he already tipped through.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas Passah said that according to the information received by the union, one of the foreigners has received a contract within the state. of this Hospital without proper documents.
On behalf of all the teachers who have to sit for the improvement examination, the Association would like to express its special thanks to the Minister and Principal Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang who took responsibility for this from the beginning. teachers which was submitted on 22/6/2019 on 2/7/2
Shillong, Naitung 20: SSA teachers in Garo Hills today marched to the office of the Deputy Commissioner to send a petition to the Chief Minister regarding the non-payment of salaries. MSSASA President LG Momin, after submitting a petition to the DC of West Garo Hills, said that they will wait for 10 days if the petition is not approved. They shall make a great protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The teams will meet with the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs of India, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO. The 12 teams selected for the Meghalaya Baby League 2018 have qualified according to the rules laid down by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA).
“Last year when we held protests, there were threats that they would ban petrol, ban rice and if we are afraid of that, from time to time we will be killed.
While those who robbed the muid to escape the arrest of the BSF troops have fled only to escape their hands, the BSF have not been able to arrest the people as it is a forest area. .
Police have seized a large quantity of drugs worth T.4 lakh from two vehicles, police stations have used. the documents are 60% and the polling stations are well inspected.
At the same time, the organization urges those rawon and owners who have not yet joined the organization to join the organization so that the organization can provide better services to you.
Also present on the occasion were the District ASHA Nodal Officer and District Community Process Coordinators (DCPC), Block Program Manager cum Block ASHA Coordinator, ASHA Facilitator, and especially the volunteers. Aganwadi at Smit PHC, this month at AEC Hall, Wah-iing Syiem, Smit, to monitor the implementation of many schemes implemented through the ASHAs. A detailed presentation by the officers and doctors on the working of the National Health Mission schemes, and how these schemes protect the people from many diseases.
The Minister said that these two new cities will create 50,000 thousand jobs.
At present, thousands of people travel to Sohra by vehicle from Assam, but there is no income from the tourism industry because there are no entry and exit points. country.
Of these, 50,000 ventilators were manufactured and 30,000 were manufactured by M/s Bharat Electronics Limited.
Because more than 100 days or three months after he won as MLA, he had decided to leave the Congress party and join the NPP.
On this day, there were many games and songs sung by the participants.
The election meeting was conducted by the President of the Central Body, Bah Vanshan Buhphang and General Secretary, Bah Ricky Pathaw.
The delegation was led by the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in the presence of Bah Hamlet Dohling, Bah A Dkhar and KSU North Khasi Hills. the village.
The Union Home Minister said that 70 per cent of the Cabinet's plan has been prepared in Hindi and 22,000 Indian teachers have been appointed in five states of the North East. Nine ethnic groups in the North East have converted their script to Devanagari, five states in the North East have Shillong, June 08: In accordance with the Constitution of India protected by Article 13, Article 277, Article 372 and the Sixth Schedule, the land in the Bri u Hynniewtrep belongs to private individuals, landholders or clans, villages, raids and himas.
There are 8 recoveries, 94128 tests positive for COVID-19, 92430 recoveries and 1595 deaths so far.
Shillong, July 21: The West Jaintia Hills District Authority today held a meeting on the illegal construction of the BOB at Saba and the Central University at Khanduli by the Assam Government.
In his speech, the Governor of Meghalaya, Mooshahary, said that there is a need for land to build and preserve these unique heritage of the region in terms of customs and traditions, due to the lack of land. this region has not been adequately exposed to the world.
Emphasizing the importance of the transition from old laws to new ones, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “The transition from old laws to new ones should be orderly and important. .
Neighbors who saw the blaze at the warehouse tried to pour water to extinguish the fire while police have not yet reached the scene. There is no way for the fire trucks to enter this area.
Rev Bishop Anil JT Couto, Archbishop of Delhi, Rev Bishop Dominic Lumon, Archbishop of Imphal, were present on the occasion. shipara to bring unity together.
Speaking to reporters, HITO leaders said that they have been monitoring the movements of Khrawbok for many months after receiving information that he is one of the drug traffickers.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Bah HS Shylla today, when he took over as CEM of KHADC, before taking office, held a prayer with the MDCs of KHDA. Shylla said the names of the Executive Members under his leadership will be sent to the Governor tomorrow morning for the approval of the Governor. times.
Bah THS Bonney, MP candidate of the party from Shillong Parliamentary seat, has been ready to contest the 2019 MP election.
The government's press department did not say exactly what the Governor and the Home Minister discussed but said they discussed many issues.
The union congratulates and praises the Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as Chief Executive Member (CEM) and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Executive Member of Trade Department. Through them, they have been able to conduct the inspection of trading licenses to prevent and fight against the illegal trade of property in this Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Following the completion of the investigation into the incident, charges were filed against the offender on July 12, 2022.
Sports equipment was also distributed to the patients to promote their health.
The Central Government has approved the establishment of Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) in six Community and Rural Development Blocks of Garo Hills and the construction of 36 Anganwadi Center Buildings (AWCs).
Deputy Director General; to Ashok Kumar Jain, Deputy Director General (Compliance); to Dilip Kumar, Deputy Director General (Rural); to SalimSubas Bara, Director (Compliance); Yogendra Singh Sisodia, Director (Administration) and Dilip Singh Aswar, Director (Rural) from DoT North-East along with Vikas Pareek, Ranjeet Kumar and Jibesh Biswas from RJIL. BTS has opened the door to high-speed internet in the area.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Seventy members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin who marched from Nongstoin to Shillong to protest against the backwardness of the West Khasi Hills District have arrived in Shillong today. They shouted “Don't despise the West, Don't despise the Nongstoin”.
In the 29-member Assembly, the ruling party received 14 votes and the opposition received 14 votes.
Police said the incident happened in 2013 under Rynjah Police Station.
The Government of Meghalaya's priority in relation to the Aroma Mission is besides agriculture, to strengthen jobs and increase income in this sector.
This app enables geo-tagging by connecting the camera to cVIGIL to file a complaint.
He said that T.10 crore remains and the State Level Committee will have to give its approval and the Council will now distribute the same amount to the MDCs who have just won. the MDC election is over.
He said this while campaigning in Mawsynram today.
DoNER Secretary Naveen Verma and NEC Secretary Ram Muivah explained the status of various development projects in the area.
The scheme is currently supported by 11 federal government departments.
Shillong, Naitung 14: An inquiry has been launched to find out the cause of the incident ha Nongmynsong.
“As the residents of Mynriang, we want this bridge to stand again but we can't afford it anymore because the cost is not too high,” said Bah Lyngkhoi. We urge the leaders to look after us so that we can repair this bridge because we want to preserve this bridge to preserve the heritage of our ancestors and not to remain in stories.
Let us remember that the nation was founded on the right of words and our duty is to teach and explain to the present generation the meaning of these words.
He said that the HYC from the beginning until today has faced many challenges and accusations which have been an encouragement to each and every soldier of the HYC to fight for the rights of the nation.
Kiefer Wilson Shullai in the Boys Single U-19 and Asdrew Lotzem in the U-12 category won the title.
Probin K Raswai was elected as MLA of Langrin in 1993 and in this capacity he was also a Cabinet Minister in the State Government. He also won the MDC election from the same constituency where he was also the CEM of KHADC. He was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital and died at about 2 pm today.
To combat this, the BSF has conducted special patrolling and strengthened security.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The General Secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya State Unit, Bah David Kharsati, on Tuesday said, “It is not only Rajiv Mehta who can fight against the insurgents. officers are incompetent".
The college has more than 5000 students but the government has not done anything to their demands for the benefit of the students.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of CMCL Christian Staff, Senior Engineer, Sankupar Chullai in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Sahsniang, Kartos Sayoo and the management of NEIMA Sahsniang. Unit.
Manoj Kumar Barnwal, DIG SHQ BSF Shillong and Rajiv Kumar, Comdant of BSF 193 Bn BSF were present on the occasion. Students of Government Upper Primary School Dangar.
Members of the HYC were present at the scene to ensure that the police should do their duty. to ensure that illegal immigrants are not allowed to enter Meghalaya.
The state government will draw this amount from the state budget.
He said India should continue its policy based on data in order to move forward in development.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Cabinet today has decided to allow the opening of village markets where only people will be able to buy. from the state.
There are a few liquor shops which have been selected to open for seven days in East Khasi Hills District, while these shops which have to open daily are, pharmacies which sell retail and who sell only.
New Delhi, July 28: In the past 40 years, the life expectancy in India has increased by three years.
Shillong, March 22: Leaders of the JSU Khliehriat Circle have met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the MLA of the area and the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
However, to come to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA government of Conrad Sangma, that is, which has a far-reaching meaning.
On the other hand, the Engineer said that in the village, through the project, it has not been possible to build Umbam Umdih wells or water tanks but only new Top Ums have been built. um inside the house of Briew.
With this decision, the MLAs will now receive a salary of T.2.2000 tyngka.
The number of cases by district is 58 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 9 cases from Ri Bhoi, 29 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills and 1 case from East Garo Hills. , 1 death in East Garo Hills.
Since then, many Khelo India tournaments have been held including the Youth, School and Winter Games.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Mawhati MLA Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare on 30/07/2020 inaugurated the building of the Anganwadi Center-II at Umkei village. C&RD Block.
On the other hand, the UDP has not heard anyone say that they will leave the ARPA under the leadership of Bah Ardent to join the Congress and the UDP. Although there was a handshake in this MP election, it didn't affect them and it ended like that and it didn't affect the ARPA, and all the three parties. Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell, said that the KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP have only one mind to work together.
Shillong, November 30: The AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, under the leadership of Heatermoon Ryngkhlem as its President, today morning, together with other leaders from various civil society organizations, It is located in East Jaintia Hills.
The KSU has arrested these people who came from Assam this evening.
The allegation of the Congress party is groundless.
Members of the union and the public are sorry for the insults of the jhur vendors because it is not their fault because at this time they cannot go out to sit in the market due to the lack of money. fill the house.
At the same time, the union demands that the government should expedite the introduction of other government departments so that the unemployed youth can get jobs in various departments of the government. government.
“If all these fall under the same land, there should be a high initial price that the government can earn from this land allocation,” he added.
Preparations for the signing of the soskular to take over the land should be completed within a month. The signing of the soskular will be in three groups, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the State Government which is the Development Department. This is the first recommendation and should be completed next month.
President and General Secretary.
: Unidentified robbers have set fire to a car in the middle of the PWD road at Umsning village, Ribhoi District on Tuesday morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, today spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on the issue of the Assam Police's rape of six people. they have lost their lives.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the budget has many sections related to agriculture and improving the income of farmers.
D.and Gauhati University.
The residents of the village do not want to have such protests, no one wants to have a curfew.
As the funds allocated for the 2023-2024 budget are not sufficient according to the needs, the House has requested an additional T.34.30 crore from the 2024-2025 budget.
All are requested to stay until the 30th of this month.
Referring to the absence of amendment from the opposition, the Prime Minister said that the bill will be introduced again in the next session and what has been introduced will be discussed. now it is only on the recommendations of the Governor.
The celebration is one of the events to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement which fought hard for the independence of the country and at the same time to promote the Your rep will be ready by 2022.
At this meeting, the committee discussed the political situation in the state and after this discussion it was decided that the party should nominate a candidate for the upcoming elections. Erwin K Syiem Sutnga has been nominated as the party's candidate for the 17th North Shillong Constituency.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Shillong Muslim League, Noor Nongrum, expressed his special greetings to the people of Shillong Muslim League.
Barry Kharmalki of Manbha Foundation is one of the youths who has become addicted to drugs and has now been able to quit after a hard struggle.
In a statement sent by Sainkupar Nongtraw to the media, the union said that the union has found that foreign traders have used traders from this state to do illegal trade activities to escape the illegal trade. payment of the income tax they owe.
Many members from various church organizations were also present to witness the event.
He said that it is the responsibility of the government to restore peace and order. In the past, governments have worked hard to fight insurgency and bring peace, but now this is not the case. peace began to prevail again.
We are also grateful to the people who came to vote.
Besides, there is no side effect reported so far," he said.
We would like to remind and request the CEM to ask the officers of KHADC whether the previous KHADC Governments have appointed and invited Bah John F Kharshiing in various positions.
During the meeting, he praised them for maintaining peace and stability in the North East.
Shillong, July 26: Four Garo women from Bangladesh have been arrested by the BSF in Baghmara while they were trying to enter India.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary of the state said that to provide training is necessary because in the rural areas it is they who work with the people.
Shillong, November 18: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that the RR Colony falls under Rynjah Village. The truck was driven to Rynjah Market.
Myntri Rangbah Duh praised the efforts of all the Members of the 17th Lok Sabha in taking important decisions and leading the country.
We have the same culture that belongs to all.
The second prize went to St. Mary's College, Shillong.
We don’t want to see DREAM become just a government affair.
Shillong, March 17: U Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, MLA, Nongthymmai Constituency today opened a two day meeting at the Rynjah Dorbar Hall to celebrate the 2nd Ayurveda Day. The two-day conference was organized by the Meghalaya State Ayush Society under the theme “Prevention of diseases through herbal medicines”.
The four KSU members who were arrested and accused are Readyonstone Nongrum, General Secretary of KSU Lawsohtun Unit, Shemphang Nongkynrih Peter Lyngkhoi and Johny Sohkhlet.
Shillong, March 14: The roof of the Jowai Public School in Mooralong, Jowai has collapsed at 4 pm today and several vehicles have been damaged.
When it comes to food, it is also important to check and food needs to be tested especially for water losses.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The JSU has strongly criticized the Fire Service of the Police Department.
Therefore, the residents and fellow citizens of Domiasiat, Mawthabah and South West and West Khasi Hills as a whole are in urgent need of economic development, but development should not be linked with economic development. Uranium.
Regarding the candidates, he said that the village candidates should explain to the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shaniahbha Dkhar, President, MSCSO, said, “I, and the MSCSO, express our pride in the achievement of SBS Sec.School, Wapung. jin up to 4 times.
"  Furthermore, section 3 (bb) (i) defines “the Central Government has the power to buy or otherwise acquire, store and transport any prescribed or radioactive substance and any articles which in its opinion are, or are likely to be, required for, or in connection with, the production, development or use of atomic energy".
So far, the candidates who have nominated their names for the Shillong seat are VPP candidate Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon, NPP candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and RDA candidate Robert June Kharjahrin.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Rapbor Nongrum from the KSU today met with the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) Davis R Marak. to discuss how to curb the spread of drug trafficking and drug abuse in Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to bring about a change in the mindset of the people without relying too much on the special allocation. The youth of this area are skilled in competing with others in all categories.
Jowai, March 23: The heavy rainfall in the past two days across the North East from Thursday to today has caused flooding and flooding of many rivers and streams. .
Why doesn't the government open the market in Pynursla as well as the market in Iewduh and other parts of Khasi Hills?
He said that the new year will be held only one day when the nation is still suffering in many ways. Speaking on the situation, although the state has reached 47 years, it has not. it should not be forgotten that the state still does not have a permanent border.
Simon Siangshai was elected as an MLA for the first time in 1988 as an independent candidate from Rymbai Constituency, in 1993 from the HPU party and in 1998 from the UDP. Simon Siangshai was a Cabinet Minister in the State Government and also held the Department of Industry in the State in 2003 when he was defeated by Nehlang Lyngdoh. Congress.
According to sources, these children left home without informing their family members after someone reported that they had seen them in Shillong and informed immediately. Mariang Police Station regarding the arrival of these two children in Shillong.
After the opening ceremony, there was also a drink and a discussion among the youth about the excitement and surprise of finding such a ceremony.
The training will be attended by personnel from banks such as SBI and HDFC. The training will be held on this day especially for the traders and vendors to explain to them the benefits of The use of these machines to pay for the purchase by installing Point of Sale machines.
This project will contribute positively to the country’s objective of increasing the adoption of clean energy.
On the other hand, the CEM said that according to the announcement issued by the Hima Mylliem on 1st July 2019, it is clear that the RR colony is still under the jurisdiction of the Rynjah bar village.
In the District as a whole, schools have been directed to suspend all sports or any activities where students have to leave the school. it shall not be opened until further notice.
In this match, the referee had to stop only when Sagar hit the opponent's rangiakura.
His talent for acting in films has attracted millions of people as an actor, and as a political party leader he has dedicated his body and soul to serve the people and has left behind his memorial in the state of Tamil Nadu.
The party urges all the people to take part in this day because when the language lives, the nation lives.
“Gandhi united all the people of the country with the Swaraj ideal.
The state government has also estimated that there has been a loss of about T.600 crore due to the increase in OTR (sales tax, excise etc).
In our country the number of people from the middle class and upper middle class has increased.
In this statement, the party said that it will continue to work for the people especially the poor in all aspects.
“We will meet the Minister of Education to explain this and to get more clarity on the Government's intention regarding the recruitment of teachers in SSA schools where teacher posts have remained vacant. ," he said.
Darjeeling is 62 km from New Jalpaiguri Railway Station and is a toy train that takes 7 hours to reach.
We also urge the DC and DTO of EJHD to show by their actions but not just by their words as other senior officers of Khlliehriat Civil Sub-Division and Jaintia Hills District have done to us. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Suting.
The Seng strongly requests and welcomes all the people of the area from Hima Leaders, Village Leaders, Village Youth Associations, Longkmie Associations, Students, Members of various Sengbhalang in the area to attend the meeting. that day.
Under the goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to bring about modern digital infrastructure and ensure that the benefits of digital transformation reach everyone.
This will be of benefit to the children who come from poor families.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the former Chief Secretary, KS Kropha, after the court announced the decision, informed the state government. referring to the prime minister, in which he asked to be relieved of his duties.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Department of Mass Media of St. Anthony's College, Shillong, will open a center for the preservation of photography for the public, called “The North -East India Archive", you are not in the middle school.
Nongpoh, Naitung 02: Police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested 18 members of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) for robbing MUDA shops in Byrnihat.
Police, PWD and Municipal officials were also present to inspect the areas where the roads can still be improved.
It may be recalled that unidentified persons had entered a place where the workers were working in Mawlai Mawroh and bombed three workers in which one of them was injured and died before arriving. Shillong, June 12: To bring peace and ensure that the 2024 Lok Sabha MP elections will be held in a smooth manner, the West Jaintia Hills District Police and the CRPF have conducted a The walk will be held in Jaowai and Amlarem.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Donbok Lang Thabah has demanded that the MeECL office should not do anything wrong. The residents of the rural areas should turn off the lights more and more because of this.
The deceased were identified as Pramod Thakur, 46, of Madanriting and Albert Wann, 33, of Umpling.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Nehru Yuva Center Shillong (NYKS) today organized the Mega Fit India Run to mark the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya.
The thickness of 0.45MM is sufficient for good quality tins when distributed to the beneficiaries, but according to the investigation of the union and the complaints received, the thickness of the tins distributed by the company is only about 0.25MM and is expensive and not suitable for building houses,” said the HYC. Therefore, the HYC demands that the tins distributed by Hariana Iron Works Pvt.
The purpose of the festival is to raise awareness among the youth on mental health, to avoid drugs, as well as tuberculosis, how to eat clean food and go outside. specially trained speakers from various government departments.
The award was presented at a function held at Pusa in Delhi at the Krishi Unnati Mela.
The four demands of the HNLC are to remove the illegal registration of the Seng.
The club was launched on Facebook in 2009 but has less than 1000 fans and in the last four years the fans have increased more than fourfold.
Financial assistance to the States, UT is in accordance with the requirements under the ASCAD to purchase doses of Goat Pox Vaccine for Lumpy Skin Disease. (LSD).
However, we leave it to the Government to explain,” said Bah Kharkrang.
Speaking at Madan Weiking, Bah DK Dkhar President of the Khasi National Union (KNU), Bah S Jala, who concluded the prayer with the leaders of the Khasi National Union (KNU).
Shillong, November 16: The Army today commemorated the 45th Anniversary of the Victory against the Pakistani Army in 1971 as Vijay Diwas.
When asked, Bah Kharraswai said, “We want the Government to take over the EMRI-108 as the Government has provided 90 percent financial support.
On the other hand, the child did not understand what these people were saying and pretended to go to the painkhan and managed to escape and informed the school authorities.
During the meeting, COMSO said that they will look into the request of the government.
The WHO Research Center for South Asia will also strengthen this.
On the same day, police seized 34.29 grams of heroin from a vehicle (AS-24A-1861) from Moopala and arrested Sabul Uddin and Aftab Uddin.
There will also be food stalls.
According to Bah Chyne, the Enforcement Department has so far conducted only the census from the Red Cross, Laitumkhrah, Dhankheti, Malki, Barik Point, Polo, Golflink and Nongmensong areas.
Certificates were distributed to FPOs registered with NABARD and an MOU was signed with ABPRL and Numaligarh Refinery to set up the first such bio refinery in India to produce bio ethanol. they cannot be renewed.
In this regard, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said that he has taken up this issue and the last time was in August 2019 when he himself together with the Chief Minister spoke to the in the presence of the Union Minister MHRD and officers of the Ministry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Three civil society organizations including CoRP-EZ, FKJGP-EN and RNYF have formed the Joint Action Committee Against Corruption (JACAC) at a meeting in Bhoirymbong on Tuesday to protest against corruption. corruption and improper implementation of various government schemes which has affected the economic development and income of the people of Umroi constituency and the region as a whole.
In the singles competition, 262 teams took part while in the team shooting competition, 74 teams took part.
However, the Cabinet today canceled the decision and directed all government departments involved in this matter to write to the relevant authorities to inform them of this decision.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the government has provided all the security measures on the polling day to ensure that the people should have the opportunity to complete their duties. elect a leader to the House of Parliament.
“It is true that if the NGT bans the mining and trade of coal in Meghalaya, lakhs of people will be displaced in Meghalaya and for this purpose the Meghalaya government will “It will be difficult for these people to change this practice which they have followed for decades in a short period of time,” said Bah MH Dkhar. I am deeply saddened by this urgent order of the Hon'ble High Court, NGT which will affect lakhs of people of the state.
More freight and passenger trains will be able to operate in these areas at a faster pace.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The registration of nomination papers for the MDC elections to the JHADC and KHADC will end tomorrow morning. candidate documents.
There are 3 cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills. 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Khasi Hills, 92159 cases.
The operation will be conducted by Lieutenant Colonel Vikas Kumar and Gun Position Officer AIG Anoop Singh.
Shillong, March 10 : The three days Monolith Festival, hosted by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya came to a close on the 9th of March 2024.
road project in Moinarbond, Silcharbad; laying of foundation stone for – 100 model Secondary Schools in the rural areas of Assam; 3000 model Anganwadi centres; articles on the road; and a state-of-the-art Cargo-cum-Coaching Terminal at Aghtori, Guwahati.
The group demanded that Pa'iem AM Malngiang should be removed from office and appointed as an Acting Syiem. completely pure governance as desired.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The NSS Unit of St. Anthony's College in collaboration with Nazareth Hospital Shillong today conducted a blood donation drive inside the college where dozens of students participated. They came forward to give their blood.
On the other hand, the SDO has urged the Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia not to accept any foreigners without any proof such as police verification and to verify from where they come. and what job they do and who comes to this place because it makes it difficult to accept later on if it happens that they are people who have bad signs just to come to take advantage or do bad things in the village or in the township. you are in the War Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday inspected all the health centers in the area regarding the preparedness to fight against covid The inspection by the Seng has found that the preparations are in progress and at the same time many shortcomings have been found in the PHC in Jarain Village.
For example, the Myntdu, Lukha and Mynkjai rivers are now in great danger due to the flooding in many places.
“If there is no school, the village is like a forest, there is no peace and happiness,” said Bah Sawkmie. there are only parents.
GNC Vice President Augustine Marak said the decision was taken at a meeting of the party held in Tura today. Marak as Chairman, Wining Ch Marak as Co-Chairman and HA Sangma as Secretary.
Shillong, July 18: The MPCC led by Takam Sanjoy, AICC Coordinator for Meghalaya today visited the RBI office at Cleave. Colony Shillong to protest against the withdrawal of 500 and 2,000 tyngka notes by the Modi government on 8th November
In addition, 32 projects worth T.1713 crore have been approved under the Special Infrastructure Development Plan of the North East.
The order issued today states that the CCTV footage of the officers can be viewed from time to time within the East Khasi Hills District. .
On the other hand, the Minister said that all these factories which are located in areas recognized by the government, receive assistance from the government according to the rules laid down by the government, the volume and the shortage of income. The village has assisted them in their work and before paying the office has checked all their work.
Claudia said that now the registration against drug traffickers will be easier as the laboratory tests can be done at the IFSL in Shillong. Previously, when drugs were seized, they had to be sent to Kolkatta, Hyderabad. and Chhattisgarh has been used for many months.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Bindo M Lanong, Dr Iaithrang Nongbri, B Lyngshkor, EJ Rynjah and AS War.
Three of these four ports are accessible by road to Bangladesh and they are Bagli, Borsora and Majai while Shella and Beltoli are still accessible by boat. to Wah Shella.
The MIYF reminds that the government has introduced a low budget for the year 2017-18, but the revenue has not been released.
About 1800 students participated in the conference.
We have many opportunities to start religious, festival, nature and archaeological tourism activities and we are sure people from all over the world want to see this but for this, we you need to meet the requirements.
The injured were identified as Madhumika Chnanga, 21, Amrit Dev, 27, Nishideep Choudhury, 30, Biplip Bhattacharya, 26 and Rasandeep Choudhury,
Lt Gen Ahuja spoke to them to look after their needs as they left the Cantonment early in the morning.
There are also many villages, raids and kingdoms which believe or worship in their own raids or villages, their own kingdoms to be their own rulers, their own countries. lei space.
In the North East, the number of medical colleges and seats has increased in the last nine years and work is underway to improve it.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 14: U Bah M Kharkrang IG of Police in charge of Prisons today launched four vehicles to transport prisoners from prisons to courts. There are three vehicles that have been launched today and will be sent to the districts.
Jowai, July 09: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) together with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) will hold a traditional song competition on the theme of HIV & Aids on the 28th of this month. January 2017 at 11 am at the Dorbar Hall of Dong Tpep Pale Locality, Jowai.
Shillong, June 03: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Garo Hills District Council (KHADC) cannot register the land under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. long you said.
Besides Mayralborn Syiem, the MLAs who took part in the meeting were Dr Azad Samman, Dr PT Sawkmie, Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr George B Lyngdoh, Dr Nominin, Saleng A Sangma and Adelbert Nongrum.
On this day, the celebration of the 75th Republic Day of India in Shillong was witnessed with a strong participation in various competitions.
The polling day for the election of the Leaders will be on 30.10.2021, the counting of votes will be on 2.11.2021 and all the arrangements for the elections should be completed before .
He said that these slasha farms were started from 2006 to 2014, the union wants the JHADC to implement these slasha farms because it will be a protection for the soil. It is located between the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The purpose of the extension of the curfew is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, July 30: The three-day meeting on environmental protection which started on the 28th of this month and concluded today was attended by the Governor of Meghalaya. Banwarilal Purohit said that the government will continue to support the project.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Minister of State for Sports, Zenith M Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state needs a place to be recognized as the Olympic Bhavan where all the organizations related to the sports. the game is in the same place.
On the same day, 77 TB patients were distributed under the leadership of Nikshay Mitra. The total number of patients undergoing treatment in the district is
The BSF troops have dedicated themselves to patrolling the border in compliance with all the rules and regulations and the smuggling of Muid and Masi has decreased since they used the checkpoints in the villages. important.
On behalf of Neibanuo Angami, Chairman of the orphanages, she expressed her gratitude for this assistance from the army.
Three persons have lost their lives in the incident, namely Nancy Laithma, 38, Aitdabon Jeengaph, 70, Sillamery Katrai, 52, Hawanpynshalilang Laithma, They are all from Dewsaw and Bisilo Rodborne, 37, from Tynger.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the creation of 14 posts in the department is after the Department of Social Welfare through Juvenile Justice The Care and Protection Act 2015, has implemented the Child Helpline Services under the Vatsaliya Scheme in 2019 but the implementation of the service is limited to one person.
Health workers should advise patients to quit smoking through approved nicotine replacement treatments so that these are other less harmful methods. and these should be performed for those who cannot give up tobacco completely and at the same time perform them according to strict legal guidelines.
The delegation was accompanied by Salmanpara MLA Ian Botham Sangma, Rangsakona MLA Subir Marak, SWGH DC Hema Nayak, Superintendent of Police Vikash Kumar. there were also other government officials.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, in a statement today, said, “I am surprised to hear such a statement. speech by the Prime Minister of the country and this speech is outside and unacceptable.
The Government has already distributed 100 Picups to transport goods to farmers and will now distribute 500 vehicles for farmers to transport goods with 45% assistance, 50% loan and 5%. you are the farmer or the farmer.
The Cabinet also decided to extend the term of office of Colonel Gautam Kumar Rai as Director of the Sainik Welfare Board for another two years.
SS Niangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU said WT Rymbai President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle. We have to call this curfew because the time does not allow us to wait.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Six hours after Bah Marshall Marwein was trapped alive in a synrum due to the collapse of a garbage dump in Marten, the management of Marten has struggled to rescue him. his body, but for more than six hours no signs of his body were seen.
She said that the Department has done its best to fulfill its duties besides that there are only a few staff to work and what is more interesting is that the PWD has started to repair the road with tiles. such as on the Mawlai Bridge when it collided with the flood on the road.
The union has already sent a letter to the Director Education.
Similarly, the BSF also seized 41 cows from Purakhasia, Nayabazar and Lyanghat from these three places. 6.5 lakh.
The NPP Shillong City also congratulates the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma who is also the National President of the party, the NPP MLAs as well as the MLAs of various political parties and independent MLAs who have supported the party. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has given its full support to Dr W Kharlukhi for his glorious victory.
What Pala has done is to arrange the household within the party and this is the task of all parties to run the party smoothly. I don't know what to do,' said Adrian.
The FKJGP, KSU and MEMRIWU leaders had met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on Tuesday but due to the arrival of the President of India, Bah AL Hek, The meeting with GVK will be held on the second day.
The search operation is ongoing to release the suspects, police said.
Synrem said that during their meeting with the Deputy CM, he said that the Government has said that it will relocate 342 households to the houses that the Government will build separately. The HYC has made it clear that the government can provide accommodation to its employees but the HYC will insist that it should not provide accommodation to those who are not employees of the government.
When asked, he said that inside this room, he had put ata, moida, suji.
Because this case involves the expenditure of public money, an investigation should be conducted and action should be taken against the Director, Directorate of Housing, Government of Meghalaya, Shillong who are the buyers and any officers involved. Haryana Iron Works Pvt.
The districts with the highest number of cases in Meghalaya are 217, East Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1 and West Garo Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 5 cases so far.
Shillong West MLA Mohrndro Rapsang, Shillong North MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Mawkhar-Pynthor MDC PN Syiem were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, March 22: A musical drama concert on the life history of Father Constantine Vendrame, one of the Salesian Missionaries in North East India, will be held.
This is the reply of the Prime Minister in response to the allegations by the BJP, the ruling party and other groups who have made allegations against the government. He said that the BJP leaders have not said anything.
The Chief of Army Staff of 19-BGB expressed his gratitude to the BSF for hosting the football tournament in Barsora and this has brought closer the relationship between the two forces. sit happily.
The Pnar film “Ka Chithi” was nominated in three categories, namely “Best Film”, “Best Actor (Female)” and “Best Director”.
A case has been registered and the President has been summoned to the police station to take his reply.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West. Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday announced that only Aadhar cards should be submitted to the Pradhan Minister's Awareness Yojana (PMAY) scheme.
He said that the resolution brought by the CEM is in accordance with the Order 1950 which explains the rights of these people in the state.
In a face to face meeting with the DC, the union has demanded that he should take action against the sudden increase in the number of khar die madan in Khyndailad.
The government is doing its utmost to evacuate them from the area in any way, but it seems that all the efforts have failed so far.
Any person who violates this Act shall be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Shillong, July 12: Tura today witnessed the inauguration of the Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma Athletics Stadium which is expected to be one of the buildings to promote sports in the State.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh said that all this happened because the government did not have the ability to look after this issue.
Regarding the burial of the deceased, the Minister said that the decision of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare remains the same, but the sad thing is that there are some villages where they are not allowed to bring the dead. The government has allowed the owners of houses to put them overnight but they should not put them inside the house but should put them on the ground floor.
The injured were identified as Halman Marwein, 40, Thaliar Marwein, 60, and Ariantiful Khar Syiemlieh,
Other speakers on the occasion were Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. , leaders of the Longkmie and others.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that in the past few days, they have visited the market and found that something needs to be done especially in the cleanliness of the market. The market was more peaceful even in the morning.
The State Government recognizes that it is the owner of the mineral resources in the State and for this reason the Government will receive royalty in relation to the mineral resources in all these areas. year.
Meghalaya beat Tripura 12-1 while in the match against Assam, Meghalaya beat Assam 12-0
This is to verify the fraud, or they should complain to the phone number to help the public at “1930” or go to the website of the cybercrime.
However, when it happens to those who are more vulnerable, the government provides everything even the airfare to send them abroad for treatment.
In Meghalaya, 60 MLAs will cast their votes tomorrow morning at the Legislative Assembly in Rilbong. The polling hours will be from 10 am to 3 pm. MLAs shall cast their votes.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the problem faced by the government in the implementation of development projects is the lack of land.
There are 7 recoveries, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the farmers said that this action of the government authorities has put them in trouble because of this relocation for no apparent reason.
Lawmadion village has about 14 households and until now this village does not have any school, the children of this village have to go to school in other nearby villages like Riangmang.
The BJYM of the BJP said that the new C&RD Block and Civil Sub-Divisions have been opened and announced without any preparation from the staff of the buildings, the manner of distribution of jobs and the provision of services to the people.
They also informed that there are many jobs in which the group does not have contacts in different countries where the demand for staff is high such as nurses, staff in hospitals and others in Japan and Germany but in these countries it is necessary to pass two levels in Japanese and German.
If there are self-employed traders who can afford to have people, the government will encourage them to collect jhur, food items or rice to deliver to their homes or to deliver to them. “The government will arrange between the Deputy Commissioners and the Dorbar Shnongs,” said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also launched the Maritime Amrit Kaal Vision 2047 - a strategy to develop maritime sector for the next 25 years. year 2047.
While the government is not able to run this dewbilat plant, the government should run it as usual as they don't get their salaries as they used to get in previous years.
Regarding the report received by the union today, 3rd March 2023, the union has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to hand over the reports and to express its concern on this issue. .
“5G technology should be used to bring about a revolution in the country,” he said.
Police who came to investigate the case were Gilbert Marshillong, Deputy Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
“This is news to many of the buildings in Shillong.
Speaking to the public, the DC said that the DC is the chairman to conduct the public hearing under the Environmental Protection Act and his presence at the venue should not allow anyone. any spirit.
Shillong, March 30: The Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the Executive Member in charge of Markets, Bah Jambor War, today announced that The Hima Mylliem has decided to ban all types of plastic bags from now on.
Lambok S Marngar, president of Khasi Students Union, said:
Secretary, SSSS, SWKHD Unit and Samla Rudy Shylla, Founder of Manad Youth Association and Samla Skhembor Nongrum, Organizing Secretary, SSSS, SWKHD Unit.
At this meeting, Bangladesh denied that there are any insurgent groups from the region in Bangladesh, at the same time they promised that if there are any, Bangladesh will not allow and will inform the authorities. India, both sides have agreed to work together to combat crime.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has alleged that the State Government has misused Section 171 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) to harass the Hynniewtrep people. The President of the HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on the use of the blue uniform, said that it is an act of violence by the Government.
While climbing Mount Everest, Yano faced many dangers such as walking through the Khumbu Icefall, avoiding deep holes and also fighting against the wind in these places. good luck.
The bones, jaws and muscles are functioning and strong and this will also help the blood vessels to tied better, to circulate better and to cleanse the unclean blood and to circulate good blood throughout the body. .
Therefore, the Seng strongly opposes how the company can collect revenue but the road has not been repaired on these grounds. The toll plaza in Lumshnong, West Jaintia Hills, which is owned by the same company, will also be closed down. take Wai.
He said that UDP MDC Balajied Ranee has expressed his support for the Lineage Amendment Bill as he is one of those who speaks well about Shaw Bhoi.
He said that if the government does not listen to their demands, they will not even come out.
The Prime Minister said that on the border issue, there is a need to think carefully.
The Government is aware that 3581 farmers have been affected by the Bud Rot in parts of the state. The Government has helped to spray medicine to prevent this disease.
Hato will be able to move to another state.
Bah Rymbai said that if there is a registration of people, they don't know how many people are staying and how many people are going to leave. visitors will not be allowed to litter in the area.
He said.
According to the government, 402 shops have been able to open their shops in Iewduh during the day.
Regarding the post of General Secretary, the party has thought that the General Secretary should be from Shillong for the smooth running of the party. he has resigned, the party wishes him well and expresses gratitude for what he has done for the party.
These people voted in Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, he expressed his gratitude to the NYDA for organizing such programs which is a great benefit especially to the unemployed youth.
On the other hand, the KSU said that if these students can be admitted to other universities, who will take responsibility if they are admitted to other universities? On behalf of the Governor of Meghalaya, Jitu Dutta, the students of the University said that this incident has affected them and their parents and their future. .
The countries of the world are now turning to India, whether in terms of international relations, trade and special protection of the environment.
It would be better if he was also one of the peace brokers with the government for lasting peace in Garo Hills.
Other injured were Ringrang A Sangma and Brijio M Marak.
A Peace Monitoring Committee (PMC) will be established to oversee the implementation of all the agreed rules.
There have been factories which have imported electricity from outside the state but MeECL has charged a service charge and this has put them in trouble. Shillong, Naitung 19: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) under the leadership of Shri Zenith M. Sangma, Govt. Meghalaya & President John F Kharshiing has submitted a proposal to host the National Games 2022 in Meghalaya to N Ramachandran, President of the Indian Olympic Association. and Rajiv Mehta, Secretary General, Indian Olympic Association, on 19th July 2016, at Olympic Bhavan, New Delhi, in the presence of officials of the Government of Meghalaya and office bearers of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Referring to the peace and order in the state, the Governor said that the state government has taken all the necessary measures to provide security to the residents. He said that this opportunity should be taken to fight for the development of the state.
The meeting was conducted by Damian War, Chief Organizing Secretary of FKJGP Jaintia Hills and was sworn in by Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary of FKJGP.
The curfew has restricted the movement of people and affected the income of the day labourers.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in collaboration with the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and the States, has developed a system to screen about 70 million people between the ages of 0-40 who belong to tribals and other ethnic groups living in 200 districts of 17 states in the next 2 or 3 years.
It is through the Khasi National Dorbar that the Khasi National Dorbar can unite.
After the unveiling of the Lama, the Governor of the State took the Rashtriya Salute in the presence of the people to witness the 70th Republic Day.
The purpose of this training is to train the youth how to contest the examination and in the physical field.
In 1981 he was elected as the president of the KSU until 1983. From 1983 to 1985 he was the youngest Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah. the Laitumkhrah Small Association and the Long Kmie Association who worked together.
All those who want to work in this traditional mining method can work because the equipment they need to work is cheap and easy to obtain and unlike now the cost of equipment is high. lakh and Crore.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister urged the doctors to be ready to help the sick and many of those who have become doctors have now received assistance from the government and given this. it brings hard work for the people.
The Election Committee will conduct the election on 22nd June
Most of the casual employees have worked for more than 50 and 20 years at NEHU. Besides regularization, the employees demand the right to equal work for equal pay, overtime, sick leave, maternity leave. children of mothers and other rights of workers are entitled to receive, as directed by the Central Government of India.
If this is allowed, all of their relatives will be deprived of their property by the authorities.
Shillong, Lber 07: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has announced that the curfew has been extended until 4.00 pm today at Iewduh, Paltan Bazar, Stand Jeep, Motphran.
Regarding the petition submitted by the Hima to improve the Iew Rim Mylliem in Mylliem which is the property of the Hima, he said that he will look into what he can do to help the Tribal. Tourism, he congratulated the Raid Mylliem for opening the dorbar hall.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit today celebrated the 70th birth anniversary of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi by cleaning the Golflink and planting trees.
Shillong, November 16: The UDP Youth Wing today concluded the 1st Knockout Football Tournament which was held since the 4th of November.
In this regard, the union demands that the district authorities should appoint a thorough investigation team and not just complete the procedures on this matter.
The Ministry of Environment & Forest in a letter sent to the State Government on 22nd November 2010 after the complaint by the Seng, said, “The use of the forest area of ​​Jaintia Hills by the dewbilat factories without permission The Forest Conservation Act, 1980, is a violation of the Supreme Court's order.
According to the latest news, this happened at about 7:25 pm when the vehicle accompanying Maj.
Also present on the occasion were HDR Lyngdoh Minister of Home Affairs, MLA Kennedy C Khyriem, L Blah MDC, Dr SB Singh DGP and Chief Minister of Meghalaya. East Khasi Hills Police Station, Bah M Kharkrang.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will take action on this issue and directed us together with the MLA to follow up for the expediting of the work so that we can get sanction soon to build. In 2008-09 we demanded for this but in 2012-13 we got a Sub Center and now we demand that it should be upgraded to PHC Shillong. , July 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Ohibait Dkhar President KSU JHD in the presence of other leaders like Samla Albinus Lamurong Assistant Secretary, Samla Garland Shadap Office Secretary and others. Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah R Rapthap IAS has submitted a report on the proposal to purchase land by BSF Shillong through a notice issued in the English newspaper. The Shillong Time (MIPR No.331 dt.06.06.2018).
The school will be for people from Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
The Lamphang has decided to hold more votes and in this vote the UDA has won 20 votes and the Lamphang has announced that the EC of Latiplang was shocked.
While the people were gathering in the middle of the road, the BDO of Lumshnong C&RD Block, Bah L.Kharmon, visited Ratacherra and met with the leaders of the JAC. He said that the NHAI has started the repairs on this day, but the JAC leaders and the people have insisted that they cannot stop the repairs at all. This road will be closed until the road is repaired.
Referring to the food fees for the students from the border areas with Bangladesh, the Governor said that this scheme will continue along with other development projects on the border and others. their ri.
Lack of fertilizer, lack of water, price cut, kilo cut, introduction of agriculture law, lack of market to manage agricultural products, price drop agricultural products, livestock, livestock and livestock, and all the problems faced by farmers in the state.
On the T.260 crore allocated for District Councils, the state government has withheld this amount so far.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Dr. Manjeet Bansal, Director, said that this is a university established by the Punjab government. you don't have to do this today.
JSU/CB/F4/Gen/2010-11/86 Dated, 03rd June 2011 6.
The Shillong Center was inaugurated by Union Education Minister Dharmendra Pradhan in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Education Minister. Lahkmen Rymbui, the former head of the state on 21/11/2
We must be vigilant because if we catch the bsein but in the end the bsein will turn around and it is our duty as citizens of the land of Hynniewtrep to be vigilant from now on. These foreigners are to exercise their power in this land of Hynniewtrep and in the state as a whole and it is in such signs that the Sengbhalang stands on the basis that the government should implement it. The ILP should not be commanded but should be taken as a responsibility and the government should not play games or fight here and there.
Referring to the MDC election, he said it is up to the people to decide, but no one will be blamed.
The need for minerals such as lithium used in lithium-ion batteries is expected to continue to increase due to the transition to clean electricity.
Shillong, March 28: The MLA elections in Mizoram will be held soon, no party will win the majority to rule alone. NPP President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said:
Once the complaint is submitted in the cVigil app, the complainant will receive a unique ID and through this, he can follow up on the complaint via mobile.
He said that there are Madasas in Meghalaya and directed that these children should be sent to school as it is their right to go to school until the age of 14 years. .
Bah Marngar said that the party will not stand idly by in this case and they will continue to follow up and find out the facts and the party will take action to punish those involved. According to the law, the MLA schemes have been misused.
When they do their job, the Government should also understand their needs,” he said.
After arresting the suspect, police have registered a case against him and charged him under the Murder Act. I am the mother of Rose Mary Mawlong.
AIM stands to fight not only in Meghalaya but in all the States across India.
The conference will also be attended by the Vice President and Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, M Venkaiah Naidu, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha and the Chairperson of the Conference Om Birla, the Governor of Gujarat, U.S. Acharya Devvrat, Chief Minister of Gujarat, Vijay Rupani and other dignitaries.
Laban Police Station has requested that anyone who has any contact with Bhim Bahadur Margar should contact 0364-2223168 and mobile number
He said that this Act will not apply to those government employees who belong to the central or state government or who work in offices recognized by the government.
“Any complaints on this notice, if any, will be received by the Government within 30 days from the date of publication of this notice,” said the Commissioner and Secretary, Arts and Culture. Mr. Kharkongor.
She praised the soldiers for maintaining their honor despite many difficulties and expressed her happiness to see that they have worked for the country.
The Deputy Commissioner said that in the future, no meetings or protests will be allowed by any group.
The group went swimming in the Aradonga River, where Kalita drowned.
Total candidates announced by the LJP so far are five.
“As the National President, I would like to urge the State President to strengthen the party in the Units, Blocks, Committees and other departments. work.
The union has had the opportunity to express its concern about the stinginess of the staff of the hospital.
Shillong, July 11: Ka Kong Bell, one of the family members of a child who was raped by six men in Mawryngkneng village on the 1st of this month, said before the start of the People's Rally today. Mawryngkneng Village Council has said that it will not allow the village council to use the village funds to bail the Sordar of Bah Peter Lawai.
Bah Tynsong as the chief guest in his speech, thanked the Dorbar Shnong Khliehrangnah for their assistance and contribution in terms of the cost of construction which amounted to 10,49,000/-.
Keeping these psychological factors in mind, responsible citizens have preconceived the idea of ​​having a small family.
Police said that the two men were at home and there was a quarrel between them. Initially, Kilman Ch Marak tried to shoot Ranjan M Marak with a knife. Ranjan carried a sharp knife and stabbed Kilman.
Crescent Tlang, Miss.
During these five months of training, the training will focus on the rules of basketball, health and mental health as a team.
Hector Marwein has appealed to the Tribunal but the Tribunal has not taken a decision.
The Governor said that on 16th October 2024, a statue of Tirot Singh will be unveiled in Dhaka and the delegation will be led by the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, which will include Ministers. cabinet officers and press officers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Tibetan Women's Association President Tezing Dolma has arrived in Meghalaya to appeal to the political parties in the state to support them in achieving independence from the hands of the country. India China.
Two other members of the party, Khamjang Rongmei, 35, and Thuanguangpou Kamei, also known as Benjamin, 40, were arrested on his confession.
I am convinced that a strong partnership between citizens and the government will allow us to achieve the goals of New India.
“She admitted that the income of the people if this project is resumed will greatly improve them.
The Government has taken this step to free the youth from alcohol abuse because the prevalence of drug abuse has increased. alcoholic beverages.
The MYAF also urges the police not to misuse their powers by arresting and prosecuting youths who commit crimes. members of civil society organizations or non-governmental organizations) without sufficient evidence may mislead and anger many young people.
Referring to the demand for Inner Line Permit, she said while waiting for the ILP, the state government should implement the MRSSA
At the end of the tournament, she won a cash prize, trophy and medals.
“Ka seng also expresses its deep concern over the insecurity of girl school children in East Jaintia Hills.
According to Dr. Lyngdoh, 76 people have come for screening and 54 have been treated.
Recognizing Meban’s exceptional potential and dedication, the Meghalaya Gymnastics Association eagerly embraced him into their fold.
During the programme, one of the Fish Processing Units of Y.Kharsyntiew SHG was inaugurated in Mairang at Umwiehsup, Mairang. 2021-2022 and was implemented by the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin. At the program in Mairang, the participation of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin, Bah A.Laloo, other employees of the Fishery Department, the Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem KM Syiemlieh, Village Leaders and the people of the area.
Rahul Gandhi will be accompanied by 180 people. Party supporters will also be allowed to take part in the march from Tamil Nadu to Tamil Nadu. Jammu and Kashmir.
The banners carrying around Shillong read that NESO will not accept the CAA, on the banners they read that the CAA will be released from the North East and the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya and There are many other articles in the lama that have been published today.
The work will be carried out by Rocky Dhar JV Dhar Construction Company at a cost of T.62,49,18,004 and is scheduled to be completed within 42 months.
The loss has been estimated at T.2.40 lakh.
“Ka Seng does not understand this desire of the Minister of PHE department to bury eit miaw because he has to stop the slow work of his department which is delivering drinking water which poses a threat to the people in 44 wells. FKJGP Central Body President Dundee C. Khongsit said in a statement that the FKJGP Central Body has been investigating the incident.
The HNYF welcomes his threat to file a case against the HNYF because they too have the right to file a certificate because it is not only him who has issued a certificate but there are many who have received it. , from the District Council through RTI, how many Trading and Labor Licenses have been issued through the receipt of NOCs and certificates issued by the Rangbah Shnong Umsning Patarim, as well as in relation to Epics.
He urged the public to follow the guidelines to avoid this disease as it has been seen that if anything happens it will cause problems in the villages as has happened in the past few days. To avoid this disease, it is urged to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, July 12: The Anti Narcotics Task Force of East Khasi Hills today arrested two drug dealers from Long Range, Happy Valley Block-E. Kharkongor, 38, and Bimal Chanda, 28, were arrested.
Bah Banshailang as one of the volunteers in the State I have also sent a letter to the Chief Minister of the State Government, Shri Conrad K Sangma as well as to the GAD and PWD Departments which are the relevant departments. Inspect the Public Toilet inside the area in order to expedite the implementation of the Toilet.
Meghalaya Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, a qualified teacher and one of the founders of Sanskrit Bharati, Chamu Krishna Shastry, Director of Kendriya Hindi Sansthan, Prof Beena Sharma and officers the Central Government and the State Government were involved in the programme.
Governor Phagu Chauhan, leading supporter of Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, distributed Rajya Puraskars to 84 Scouts, 9 Rovers, 76 Guides and 9 Rangers in the presence of Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Secretary to the Governor Dr BDR Tiwari and other government officials.
He said that after the approval of the budget of the central government in Parliament, the states will get their share which they should receive. He said that Parliament will soon approve the budget. .
The party leaders who took part in the meeting also discussed the plan on how to implement it in the future.
The KSU Eastern Border Area and KSU Shillong Eastern Circle have expressed their desire to the Head of KHADC to take immediate action to stop this plot.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang said that the issue that the VPP has taken to demand is right and on his part he said that he came to the place because he wanted to support this claim.
The demand of the JSU for a blood bank in Jaintia Hills is not for the benefit of the school children in Jaintia Hills, but for the sake of the lives and deaths of our brothers and sisters. Heibor Pariat, Organizing Secretary, JYF Jowai City.
On the other hand, the market dwellers expressed their happiness that they have been able to reopen their shops which have been closed for three months. The shop is closed.
Maligaon, February 10: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway has rescued six children and two women from the hands of human traffickers during a search operation. you will be able to travel by rail on 8/2/2
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Mei-Sin Kur Seng has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to urge the District Council to give time to comment on the Khasi Customs and Lineage Bill,
However, it should listen to the voice of the people and for the benefit of many churches, concluded the statement sent by Samla Lawyerson War, President of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body.
If the mothers are like that, where will the country and our children go? Our sons are the sword, we are the stieh to protect our country,” said Kong Marweiñ.
The chewues were distributed today in Ampati to 11 youths who are swet children who have agreed to write. the distribution of these cheques.
At the time of writing, the family members of Naga have not received any demand for money for his release.
The AGP is against the infiltration of the authorities and wants the border and land of Assam not to be given to Bangladesh.
“These days while I am at the workshop in Mahali, Chandigarh, we have 27 MLAs and we see that they have their own concerns on this.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, KSU. After the meeting, the mortuary van and ambulance of the KSU were also launched. by Paul Lyngdoh and Samuel B Jyrwa and the music video by Maphidalin Kharlunai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The JSU Moodymmai Unit together with the JSU Moodymmai Unit have immediately visited the homes of the victims of a fire on Friday night. Young and old have lost their lives from the burning of the whole house.
Preparations for the reconstruction of this road have been going on for almost 14 years since the inspection was started and there have been discussions with the government but nothing has been done yet. the sign of the shin to begin working to improve it.
Also present on the occasion were Diver Lyngkhoi, Gilbert Shangpliang, Member of the HFU, O Pdahkasiej from Phlangwanbroi and Member of the Central Body.
Aniket Pattanayak came fourth and Abhijit Deb came fifth.
Speaking to reporters, Professor DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Author Society, said that they did not meet face to face but on 24th November Amit Shah in the presence of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to discuss the Khasi language.
Caste Certificate of parents and proof of relationship.
Shillong, June 26: The KHNAM State Youth Wing together with the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association and the East Khasi Hills Taxi Association on Tuesday met and submitted a petition to the CEM of KHADC. Request to ban foreigners from driving illegally without labor license.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday night arrested four robbers from 12miles Tura, Amar Thapa, Sengseng N. Sangma, Setu Sangma and But Marak. .
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has thanked the Nongpdeng Dorbar Shnong and the Youth Wing for their support in the fight against these criminals. they are drunk.
Manufacturing accounts for the highest proportion (38.5%) of the workforce, followed by education (21.7%), IT/BPO (12%)and healthcare (10.6%) ).
Jowai, Nailur 30: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) in a statement today through its Finance Secretary, expressed its strong condemnation of the police's arrest of some members of the Union without any verification. reason.
On the other hand, the army said that people don't usually visit this area because it is still too wild and it is difficult to get air to breathe.
However, one of the members of the Central Executive Committee of the HSPDP, Fanela Lyngdoh, has spoken publicly and supported the candidate. The chairman of the meeting, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, acknowledged that Kong Fanela has given her support to the UDP not only at this public meeting today but also in these days. He said that in honor of Bah HS Lyngdoh President of the party in these years, he did not dare to go to the public to speak in Nongstoin, but in Nongstoin. (SP News) The HSPDP leader has not stood in any place to campaign for the election. He has gone to Nongstoin to speak for the UDP candidate. (SP News ).
Researchers have found that worldwide, about 10 million plastic bottles and 10 million plastic bags are sold and sold every minute.
To transfer SSA teachers from the State Implementation Society to the State Education Department as Government Teachers in accordance with the provisions of the RT Act 2009 and the SSA Rd Norm.
In his speech, Anurag Singh Thakur said, “The G20 Summit in India will bring together 43 Heads of Delegation – the largest in the G20 – to attend the final Summit in New Delhi. in November this year.
In the past two years, up to 28,000 billion billion of drugs have been seized in 2022, 88,000 billion in 2023 and about 112 billion in
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah Ricky C Pathaw, GSSS, John Sangma, President, All Khasi Hills Achik Federation.
It is true that the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima died at the age of 35 years, but the picture appears to be older, but nothing can be done about this now. Because they don't have the true image of him, they will continue to wait and hope that they will get it. When they get the true image, they will see how to do it. picture.
He encouraged the CEC members by saying, “Work hard to promote the nation without desire for glory and God will bless each and every one of us for the good deeds we have done”.
We also urge the DC of East Khasi Hills District or the BDO of Mawsynram C&RD Block to take action on these issues for the benefit and satisfaction of the people.
The Additional Home Secretary, IG Law & Order (Meghalaya Police), IG Border and IG BSF Meghalaya discussed the incident of violence by the BSF against Dr. Seiboklang Buam.
Do not stop or drive during floods and avoid electrical poles to avoid being electrocuted.
Has the government been able to ensure that the thousands of kilometers of road is safe?
This meeting is also part of the efforts to bring about recognition, unity and closeness as brothers and sisters who live far away from their country.
(Paragraph 2 (vi) on pages 53-54 of the Financial Accounts Vol.
Shillong, November 17: The employees of EMRI, known as 108, today staged a sit-in protest at Madan Malki after more than a year the government has not been able to provide them with the necessary services. their demand.
She was also welcomed by the locals in traditional dress.
The Bhairabi-Sairang railway line is the new railway line to connect the railway line to Mizoram. Once completed, it will lead to a new era of trade in the eastern region. When the work is completed, 51.38 km of railway line will be completed in this area as the work is now 91% complete.
U Bah Barskhem congratulated the former EC for doing the best especially Bah Paul Lyngdoh. if the struggle is only among them, there will be no more protectors of the nations.
Jowai, November
Furthermore, on this day, the Seng will honor those members of the Central Executive Council who have resigned.
The Government should raise the age of employment in various government departments of the Meghalaya government, as this two-year ban has affected the employment age of the youth in the state.
While other countries are still talking about how to act in this regard.
“I would like to inform you that the Disciplinary Committee of the party has met today and has decided to expel you from the party for your anti-party activities. you".
Speaking to SP News Agency, James Lyngdoh, Working President of the MPCC, said that the party cannot leave without party office bearers. the party in the 35th Ranikor Constituency.
Minister Duh referred to initiatives such as the Atal Tinkering Lab for more than 10 crore children, the interest in science from Chandrayaan and Gaganyaan, and Startup India which has brought in more than startups in India from just a few hundred 10 years ago, the highest number of patent applications and research articles with a budget of T 1 lakh crore for research activities.
This shows the negligence of the MUA II government and the PWD (Roads) department of Meghalaya.
The 25th Anniversary of the Dorbar Kur Warjri will be marked by a Flower Exhibition and Sale from 1st to 4th, 2022 at Forever Rosely Nursery, Pomlum, 7 Mile, Upper Shillong.
In this regard, the government will have to think how to hand over to the groups to operate the buses. This is still in the consideration of the government how to operate the buses in Shillong.
The people after seeing the work of the NPP have come to join the party and now people from all over the North East of India will give their support to the party, even though The NPP is a national party, but it thinks like the people.
In the final of the NE Body Can Sing, which has reached the fourth edition, nine participants from one state in the North East of India have participated in the competition. .
The Court also directed the Government of India to file a reply to these petitions before 9th June,
In the third match at 3.00 pm, Arshon Rynjah beat Sun (Marbisu) by 3 goals; Kostarwin Rynjah; bad and Everestly Rynjah.
BSF troops who used to conduct search operations at Rattachera stopped a truck coming from Kalain, Assam to Umkiang.
Police have urged the public to inform the Jhalupara Police Outpost on 0364-2547600 and mobile number
Jowai, Naiwieng 07: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has rejected the information of the JHADC on the availability of trading licenses in Jaintia Hills according to the recently received RTI filed by Bah Reachingson Siang Shiang. he is also the Vice President of the party.
The value of these Akor trees has reached T.22 lakh, according to a customs source.
Speaking to reporters after visiting the market with the Syiem of Myllime Hima and MUDA officers, it was found that there are only two garbage trucks in the market to help. cleanse them and give them two.
The Harijan Panchayati Committee (HPC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah requesting him to take action. on the issues of Them Metor in collaboration with three groups, the Government of Meghalaya, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) and various groups.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kharsati said the party's candidate will be announced on the 7th or 8th of this month.
Such allegations, not only undermine the performance of the hard-working soldiers despite numerous challenges but also create unstable situations.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the decision of the Cabinet will be submitted to the High Court tomorrow morning. the method of appointment.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah David Kharsati, who started a new political party with the BJP, said that the allegations of corruption in the country have spread too far and the party can fight and eradicate it. Referring to the ethnic parties, Bah David Kharsati, who is also a former MDC in KHADC, said that the ethnic parties have those leaders who have been able to to lead the state to move forward.
The distribution of these grants was sponsored through the Ministry of Tourism and the aim is to instill the spirit of cleanliness and beauty in the villages and among the communities. to the visitors.
The Ministry of Tourism has set up an International Tourism Mart in the North East to showcase the tourism industry in the North Eastern States at both domestic and international levels.
The departments that the PWD has to pay are PHE, Irrigation, MeCL. Irrigation Department and electric post trees to be relocated.
At this meeting, it was decided to set up a District Committee with the Deputy Commissioner as the Chairman and the DMHO as the Secretary.
The MR also said that health facilities should be strengthened in the rural areas where there should be testing and surveillance at every household.
The High Powered Committee of the Assembly Secretariat on Friday held a meeting to discuss the continuation of the construction of the new Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
This makes sense, because in 1985 Rotary International pledged to eradicate polio from the world.
The OC in charge of Mawsynram Police Station in this meeting with the KSU members has apologized for the mistake of one of the policemen of the police station. KSU Nongtrai Circle General Secretary Samborlang Shabong said in a statement.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the MLA of Umroi for raising the issue of clarification on this news. report to the government what they find so that the government can correct.
“Ka Phan Nonglait”- Tribute to Unsung Heroes is a program through patriotic songs, traditional dances and drama at Nongrmai village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. the hero of the freedom struggle of the country, the Freedom Fighter.
As the youth, we have to fight for the preservation of our customs and traditions, the way of holding land in our own state. This is the first part.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC said that this meeting is only a meeting to congratulate the three District Councils. The NPP has been in power in the state. During the meeting, all three CEMs, Bah Madonbai Rymbai of JHADC and Dipul R Marak of GHADC, said that what they said on this occasion was It is the only one that has required a review of the work of District Councils in the state.
The program was held at the Dorbar Shnong of Raid Nongblai, Wahlyngkhat and will end on the 16th November.
The All Meghalaya Khasi Tourist Association (AKA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the issue of suspending the passage of tourist vehicles from Assam. free across the tourist attractions of the state.
On this occasion, the CEM said that the government as it is now has taken land without consulting the KHADC or the Sordar of Saisohpen Sirdarship. but when she received this letter she was surprised to see that the sirdarships fall under the government land.
The students selected to participate in this competition are only from class seven to five.
The Central Government will spend about Rs 29 crore for the MP election in the state and in the current polling, people can vote even if they don't like anyone. ".
NESO said that this statement shows that these people have no feelings for the people of this region and the feelings of the minorities of the North East. They want to convert the country to Hinduism by bringing in people from Bangladesh to achieve this desire to convert the country to Hinduism.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Victorian Marbaniang, Disoina Passah and Aiti Lyngdoh said that it is surprising to see that their MLA has accused them of being They are poor, but they have their own household. How can he say that they are poor? He should explain this.
As a prominent traditional singer of All India Radio, she has played a major role in bringing traditional Khasi music to the stage.
The Northeast is today shifting away from its history of blockades and unrest and is pacing towards peace and development, he said.
The KSU alleged that the truth about the government's deception is that no decision has been taken in the House of the State Legislative Assembly on uranium.
Shillong, July 14: U Banlumlang Rani President of the KSU NEHU Unit today urged the students of the state to write the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination to study in the colleges run by the NEHU Unit. NEHU is a law school at this university.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government will talk to the civil society on this issue.
College Jowai is no longer a new incident but a long time ago.
As part of the efforts to maintain peace and order in the state and to ensure that the youth are not misled by joining armed groups, Kong Nongrang said that the Police need the cooperation of the community. the community.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The East Khasi Hills District Police today imposed a 144 Cr.
Shillong, November 06: The staff of the Geological Survey of India for the North Eastern Region of India has celebrated the “Taiew Peignor” which started on the 31st of this month. April which ended on 5th November
Replying to a question whether they will support the CEM if he asks for support, Bah Karnes said, “The CEM is like a lizard to meet them”.
Those involved in corruption in MeECL, Saubhaya Scheme and other departments are like those soldiers who turned against Tirotsing.
On the other hand, the civil society alleged that this action of the government is that the government has now reached a dead end because it is afraid of the rightful protest of the people.
In the past few days, the KSU has visited the Sub-Centres, PHCs, CHCs and Civil Hospitals to inspect the preparations of the government. There are still many shortcomings for the needs of Covid-19 patients.
There should have been a discussion within the Cabinet on this issue and there should have been a discussion on this before the outbreak of Coronavirus.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Minister in charge of Sports, Zenith Sangma, on Tuesday urged the Congress to vote for the KHADC. He said this while distributing Agar seeds and other crops held at Chigitchakgre.
It is not yet clear how much damage has been caused, but from the information of the people it is very severe.
On the allegation by the Minister of Education against SSA teachers, Disparsing said he wants to verify through RTI how many teachers there are in government schools, this is only in East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister outlined many of the works that the government will do for the development of the state. route to generate revenue for the state.
The death toll has risen to
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Dr BPS Toi, said that the purpose of the meeting was to clarify which areas fall under the SMB and which areas fall under the PWD. The village council has informed the MLA of these losses inside the village due to the protest and today the MLA personally came to inspect in the presence of the village officials.
Ed through the Swayam Portal.
He said that today while on his way to Bangladesh, he entered the infiltration center and found at least 50 people. people who have to provide travel documents to their own country.
Minister of State for Child Development.
The demand for a state is based on the history and customs of the people in the areas where they are demanding a state. The Central Government is requested to listen to this demand and to accept this claim.
Others who attended the function were Bah R. Pyngrope, MLA, Bah T. Chyne, MLA, Bah B. Lyngdoh, MDC, Dr. R. Wankhar, DHS (MI), Dr. MR Basaiawmoit, DMHO, East Khasi Hills, Dr. JB Ranee, DMCHO, Bah WB Marbaniang, BDO, Mawkynrew C&RD Block, and Bah Starling Nongpluh, Sordar of Mawkynrew Village.
The Seng Kur Warjri will celebrate the 45th Anniversary of the Kur Warjri Dorbar which started in
He alleged that all this is due to the mismanagement of the central government in the area.
During today's consultations, the delegates discussed the views of the G20 countries on the space economy and the current state of the industry, including the challenges faced.
During the meeting, the company responded to the Minister on five demands of the MEMRIWU members. Out of the five issues, GVK has made it clear that it cannot. accept the demand for a 100% salary increase and a 30% annual salary increase.
He said that they are still hoping that it is only in this department that they will get their jobs.
On this occasion, more than 75,000 newly employed persons were awarded job certificates.
On the other hand, Bah Sunesh Syiem, General Secretary of the MFA, said that the union has its own committee to look after the ground. There are no sports associations that do not spend money during these times.
Shillong, March 19: The Garo National Council (GNC) has announced that it will issue application forms to those who wish to contest the MLA election in you are in Tyre.
He said that if this village can be declared as ODF, it will have the opportunity to bring water to the households. There are 6746 villages and out of these only 2800 villages have been declared as ODF, and the government is now preparing to draw water from the wells.
Two other cases are civilians from South West Garo Hills and one is from BSF in West Garo Hills.
Chairman of the Employment Cell of the KSU Sengkmie, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the department is planning to recruit jobs in different districts of the state including 25 villages in East Khasi Hills, cases in Ri Bhoi District, 7 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 9 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 15 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Due to the lack of opportunity to meet the CEM, the JSU and JYF have sent only a letter demanding that he should immediately stop the recruitment and also announce publicly all the posts. They have been appointed since the past as well as the present so that all the job seekers can compete for various jobs.
To encourage companies to post their activities on websites that they publish.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness is the responsibility of the people, but for unknown reasons there has been no continuity of this cleanliness work. it is necessary to cleanse the surroundings.
The cyclone will originate from Jharkhand and reach northern Assam and from North East Madhya Pradesh to northern Assam which is only 1.5 km above sea level.
All taxis and auto rickshaws operating during these two days will have to ensure that passengers should not sit near but should sit farther away.
The meeting was attended by officials of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), including Prof. SR Joshi, Registrar, Prof. Lucy Zehol, Chairman of the Fact Finding Committee. The incident occurred at NEHU Tura Campus.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday requested the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India (SBI) Ladrymbai Branch to clarify and explain to the public after the union received a complaint. on being cheated and deceived in the financial industry by promising to pay a small amount of money through fraudulent Online Gaming, Online Trading Companies.
Babu Madhav is the son of Sidheshwar Singh and Champa Devi, who live in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The theme of this year's World Population Day is 'A new movement, a new belief, a new family will grow with responsibility' head'.
The State Governments in this country have also taken responsibility for the work they should do.
Officials from the Handloom Department first led the journalists to the Design, Innovation and Research Center (DIRC) which was launched in 2022 in collaboration with the National Institute of Fashion Technology.
New Delhi, June 05: The Ministry of Information & Broadcasting has urgently used its powers under the IT Rules, 2021 to issue an order on , three Twitter accounts, one Facebook account and one news website.
To promote tourism, the Government of India has announced 5 lakh Tourist Visas for foreign tourists coming to India, valid till 31.03.2022 or up to 5 lakh visas have been issued earlier.
The report was submitted by the Delimitation Committee headed by Bah Strawell Kharsyiemlieh, Retired Judge of the District Council Court in the presence of the members of the Committee.
The President of the Union recalled that on the 2nd of July, 2023, the leaders of SWSEJHD, had already met separately and submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma. The issue discussed before him was to repair the NH-6 and Sutnga-Saipung roads as soon as possible.
There are 28 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, Ri. Bhoi, South West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills have 82,163 recoveries.
Therefore, we have demanded from the Chief Engineer to ensure that there will be no entry of foreigners and the union will not hesitate to oppose this because this is an area that we cannot ignore. never too.
They visited the KHADC today to remind the MDCs who are still in the middle of the session that the District Council was created under the Sixth Schedule to protect the minorities.
It is worth mentioning that the administrative unit Patharkhmah is the oldest and deserves to get a sub division, because it is ahead of others like Pynursla and Ranikor but they get other areas which don't even exist. administrative unit only.
Shillong, March 10: At about 11.00 pm this morning, masked men entered the Kupli Hostel of the North Eastern Hills University and allegedly shot and beat the members of the Kupli Hostel. the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
Shillong, July 19: Three persons were injured in a road accident at two places in Ri Bhoi District today.
Thakur also highlighted the achievements of various groups of the Department.
On the other hand, the BJP party, especially in his speech, the Union Minister of State for Child Development, KJ Alphons, said that the BJP party will come to power in Meghalaya.
The weapons seized include 2.875 kilograms of Gelatine Stick Class-2 Explosives, 23 rounds, 24 Non-Electric Detonators, 9 m of Safety Fuse and Cordtex. to these weapons.
He is a resident of Jaiaw Shyiap Block-III, Shillong.
They have had to suffer from this natural disaster in which the soping tins have burnt down and been carried away by the wind and cold.
The placards written and carried by the school children said that the kidnappers should release Dajied. There were also signs that the people wanted peace. .
Speaking at the short meeting before the tree planting and cleanliness drive, D Sohtun Secretary DLSA of the District said that the purpose of the tree planting and cleanliness drive is to educate the people. that tourist attractions should be kept clean.
He said that this allegation against the central government is just an allegation without any meaning.
This was announced in a statement sent by the General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Volleyball Association, Bah Emanuel Syiem Malngiang.
In the Constitution, the Constitution of the country, which was passed by Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar, there are all the provisions to ensure the rights of every citizen of the country.
By district, East Khasi Hills has 375 personnel, BSF 281 personnel, others 80 personnel and Army personnel 14 personnel.
: Heavy rainfall in South West Khasi Hills on Saturday has caused landslide in seven households.
They have protested against the Christians of the state and as the party cannot remain silent, there are Laban police in the area. to tell them to go forward but they were only spectators.
Therefore, on behalf of the Seng, we urge all our fellow citizens and the people of the State to be responsible in our language through our speeches on social media in relation to any issue.
Fantin is the candidate who is contesting the MDC election for the first time.
The committee has been set up for a long time and has not done any work and if you cannot complete it within six months what will happen,” said Bah Kharkrang.
As the village where Lei Ryngkew and Lei Basa who is still alive is still in charge of this village, the appearance of 10-12 households of the Seng Khasi to hold this shad ainguh ai dem, can be said that it is This is a great act of bravery and encouragement to other branches of the Seng Khasi.
Speaking on this year’s section, Union Minister Anurag Singh Thakur congratulated all the winners and said, “This year, we get another 75 talented programmers teams from across the country to participate in the 75 Creative Minds of Tomorrow"
They also demanded that if the contractor cannot complete the work soon, the PWD office should hand over the work to other contractors who can work and complete the work as directed by the government. and the bridge will indeed provide services for the welfare of the public as approved by the Government.
In the past few months, the Syiem and his ministers have visited the border of Assam to clear their own border. The Nongkhlaw Hima shall not allow any cross-border crossing into the border of the Hima.
A guest house will also be built.
Referring to the allegation that there is a struggle for the post of Chairman within the HNLC, he said that there is no such thing, the post of Chairman is not easy, it is very difficult even I don't want to.
On the other hand, Marak congratulated the All India Poetess Conference for organizing such writing trainings.
The Supreme Court has upheld the Reasonable Restrictions, the Government of India has upheld the CAB in the States without ILP. It is unacceptable that the Governor should do such a thing.
The Leaders and Office Bearers of FKJGP Mawrashe Unit were sworn in by Samla Mac Donald Kharkongor, Vice-President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. There is no peace and harmony in the society.
The water level in these hills is according to its rise and fall and is not the same as in the fields where it can be measured.
Shillong, March 16: The Government today decided to allow the opening of once-a-month markets on the Assam-Bangladesh border and the Government will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioners of all the states. said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Wanbhabianglang Thabah, Laikmenlang Kharkongor and David Lyngdoh were the winners in the 61 kg, 55 kg and 40 kg categories.
The reason for the shortage of water supply from GSWS is due to the repair and rebuilding of the transformers at the water pump station. the people will not feel anything.
The Lead Intelligence Agency was established on the recommendation of the Cabinet of Ministers in 2002 and is responsible for the North East. Meghalaya has a border of 444 km with India and especially with Bangladesh.
Meanwhile, in Mawkyrwat, Identical Pro Section Image won the first prize and SKUM came second.
Police believe the trio are front-line drug traffickers.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KNM) has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should pass a law against Khasi girls marrying foreigners.
In this incident, employees of KHADC were injured as well as journalists who went to witness the raid by the KHADC authorities on the land vendors on the road from Motphran to Iew Mawlong.
Billy Graham Marak was transferred from VIS and appointed Commandant of 5 Battalion.
In his speech, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the police should take action against those who shout slogans. this happened.
However, Dr Mukul said that in Meghalaya unlike in Arunachal Pradesh or Goa, people these days have understood and loved the Congress party.
With the approval of the President, the Chief Election Commissioner Bill, has made all the changes regarding the appointment of Election Commissioners which will come into force. immediately.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 93,800 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state since the beginning of the year. There have been 92,202 confirmed cases and 1,593 deaths so far.
The residents of Mawhati constituency have expressed their regret that the government has not taken care of this road.
“The VC has allowed the students to elect a Chairman to head the committee to look into the demand and to clarify the marking system of the university,” he said.
The meeting at Lympung Shad Weiking, Shillong, on the same day at 2 pm, will be open only to members of the Seng Khasi Kmie and invitees not exceeding 300 people. “Only those who have received an Invitation Card/Entry Pass.
At the same time, Bah Rymbai said that the prize money for the first place winners will be T.1 lakh while the runner up will receive T.50,000 tyngka.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong has been organizing this competition for 48 years for those who have talent by giving them the opportunity to showcase their talent.
India in the 21st century, the achievement of dreams begins with the individual, it begins with the family.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Governor praised the traditional dance and costume of the state, praised the ability to preserve the traditional culture and traditions. The Behdienkhlam festival shows that the culture is still alive.
In this speech, he explained the many activities that have been done to achieve this goal.
Speaking to SP News Agency after the meeting with the FCI officials, FKJGP Mawlai President Khrawkupar Nongsiej and KSU Mawlai General Secretary Rapborlang Nongrum said that they came to meet with the FCI officials. The FCI has urged them to employ one of the family members of Bah Dismarlin who died in an attack while on duty.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The nurses of the Meghalaya government today temporarily suspended their strike in accordance with the decision they took part in the day. The Meghalaya Government Nursing Service Association (MGNSA) has announced that it will hold a strike from the 23rd of this month to force the government to grant their demands. The government should fill up the 468 vacancies and promote them to the rank of Deputy Director.
“Ka seng expresses its surprise how the office of Saipung block, through the Gram sevak and former BDO withdrew the money to the secretary VEC without proper performance of the work and especially the absence of attendance. Inspect to inspect the work? ", said the KSU Laskein Circle.
At the same time, she urged the parents of such children who have disabilities not to hide their children but to send them to training because they too are disabled. They have their own skills and abilities in which they can do something for the community.
Shillong, November 02: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has expressed its regret and strongly condemns the inability of the state government to implement the Special Act for the Persons with Disabilities. Since 1995, the Persons with Disabilities Act
In the special jubilee year, the Archbishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to 120 young people of the church including the elderly.
Shillong, June 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today 29th June 2024 under the leadership of the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Roykupar Synrem and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
This is according to a letter dated 5th June 2024 sent to the Deputy Commissioner cum Chairman District Ayush Society South West Khasi Hills District regarding the vacancy of 40 posts in 10 Bedded Ayush Hospitals.
He said that these demands since the first Dorbar Ri in which we also demanded an increase in the 100 days bill, have all started to take shape now, through the meeting of the Dorbar. Ri, he hoped that from now on with this unity they will be able to reach the goal of victory, so that the future generations will eat the fruit of the struggle.
Shetty recently announced the film's premise, a poster released yesterday, and explained that the plot is a two-part story.
All preparations have been completed to start this vaccination program on the basis of Jan Bhagidari.
Referring to the health sector, the Prime Minister today in his speech at Madan Polo to mark the 73rd Independence Day, announced that the government will spend T.20 crore to build the facilities. medicines in all districts of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The BSF today conducted a self-employment training at Dawki where more than 100 youths attended the training. special training.
In addition, the Cabinet also passed three Ordinances which have to be passed by the Legislative Assembly.
The FKJGP will meet the CEM next month to explain the actions of these inspectors and the issuance of trading licenses even in areas where there are foreigners doing the work.
Meanwhile, the work of cleaning the roads blocked due to the landslide is ongoing in many parts of the state till today.
At a meeting held in Mumbai on the occasion of the International Day for Biological Diversity on the 22nd of this month.
The department will conduct programs to improve the students such as awareness, career guidance and counseling programmes, training, coaching classes, to demand from the government to provide adequate educational facilities and to demand from the government to It will introduce an appropriate education policy for students.
The public is urged to report such perpetrators if they find them.
The Pyrman and questions of the Clear Court.
New Delhi, July 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government has reached an important milestone.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Kran Suting, President PDF Mawkria Primary Unit, Bah Spor Sting, Secretary PDF Mawkria Primary Unit. Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the candidate of the PDF for the 2013 elections. Election MLA 2018 of Mawkynrew Constituency.
The goal covers various aspects of economic development, economic growth, social development, sustainable environment and good governance among others.
The meeting decided to visit the area where the incident occurred to find out more about the incident and demanded that the governments of Assam and Meghalaya should provide information. protect these people to ensure that the terrorists do not harm the people.
They spoke about the support of the State Government through the Lakadong Mission, Jackfruit Mission and PRIME programme, to improve the quality of products and export them to domestic and foreign markets.
He urged the youth not to lose hope in their lives but if they want to become Riewdonburom or Gentleman they should work harder regardless of whether they win or lose, but with the spirit. of perseverance shall be again the Mawjam to the ranks of fame.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: While people were digging the foundation of a house in Mawlynrei Nonglum village, a box was found with a bullet of a tank inside.
Therefore, the guidelines on how to act according to the matters laid down in the law are meaningful.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The JSU has requested the Dorbar Shnongs not to issue NOCs to foreigners who have come to work in Jaintia Hills. and should not be thought carefully because it affects the inheritance of the state owners.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The High Commissioner of Bangladesh, Muhammad Imran today met with the Director General of Border Security Force, Pankaj Kumar Singh to discuss the issue of border security.
Shillong, Naitung 20: After the residents of Umkiang PHC, have complained to the Umkiang Village Authority, regarding the damage or flooding of the Umkiang PHC. -07-2020, it was found that there is a serious shortage of PHC where the accommodation of the patients is flooded and causes the patients especially the pregnant women to face problems.
Yoga can help achieve this.
The Bill for the Mawiang Hima, the Nongstoin Hima Act with amendments, the Nongkhlaw Hima and the Nongsohpoh Hima will also be introduced at this meeting.
With this victory, the NPP has decided to form an EC within the JHADC in collaboration with the UDP. Gillroy Tariang NPP, 2-War Central, Holando Lamin INC, 3-War West, Het Pohthmi NPP, 4-Sohmynting-Khliehtyrshi, Lakhon Dkhar IND, 5-Mukhla – Wahiajer Bah Ailad Bhoi IND, 6-Ummailong-Mooolong , Jesse Suiam NPP, 7-UDP Lakhon Biam, 8-Nartiang-Umladang, NPP 9-Eveningstar Shylla NPP Resident, 10-Minsngat-Khanduli UDP Dawan Kyngdoh, 11-Shilliang 13-Saphai, Bah Habahun Dkhar NPP, 14-Mokaiaw, Bah Robin Garland Syngoh NPP, 15-Ralliang, Bah Robinus Syngkon NPP, 16-Shangpung, Bah J. Treilang Suchiang UDP, 17-Jowai North, Bah Brightstar Chyrmang, 18-Jowai Central, Bah Awhai Andrew Shullai INC, 19-Jowai South, Bah Saron Pasweth NPP. Rymbai-Rymbai, 22-Musiang-Rngat Phasmon Dkhar NPP, 23-Rymbai-Khliehriat, Bah Finelynes Bareh UDP, 24-Sutnga-Narwan, Bah Seiborlang Shadap NPP, 25-Sutnga-Nongkhlieh, Bah IND Singh Lyngdo Shillong, October 02: The MDC elections of the UDP, 27-Saipung, Arbor Hima Darnei INC, 28-Narpuh, Dr Sankey Shangpung's UDP, 29-Bataw-Lakadong. The KHADC does not have any party that can get the rule alone, this shows that the EC will not come together.
“Ka AJYWO also urges the Waheh Shnongs in Jaintia Hills, especially in East Jaintia Hills where foreigners and mynder are present, to be vigilant in issuing certificates to their residents, so that this does not reach the hands of those who “It will bring disaster to the country and our small nation in the future,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Now, when receiving complaints related to fake news, they have to be submitted to the Press Council of India (PCI) if they relate to newspapers and to the News Broadcasters Association (NBA) if they relate to newspapers. TV channel, to verify whether they are fake or not.
Tongper joined the HNLC in 2010 and after training he worked for the HNLC in Jaintia Hills. In 2015 he was arrested by the Meghalaya Police. but he was released on bail and after being released on bail he disappeared.
He said that all the Nokma are part of the Khaddar rule in which the Nokma are like the ksiang between the leaders and the people.
"So there was a heated argument and he stabbed me with a knife and attacked me from the legs and injured my fingers.
The Assam Minister's visit to these areas comes at a time when there is still a discussion in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly regarding the border dispute.
Shah said that in the next five years, small PACS will provide storage for 30% of the country’s food products.
Therefore, the Government has taken the necessary steps to ensure that all eligible beneficiaries have Ayushman Card.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The government has declared a public holiday today morning on the passing away of former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
In this incident, the shop was damaged and the shops were not damaged, but no one was injured.
During the meeting, the MLAs also expressed their views on many issues regarding the issues that they will bring to the House during this session.
It is necessary to control this air pollution by finding ways to use wind, solar and other fuels instead of coal, petrol, diesel and others in the production of electrical and in practice versatile.
The protest was also held on the day India celebrates Teachers' Day.
: The AHAIA is the sixth festival of the Garo people this month. The festival was held this month at Chanmary Square in Tura. The festival was held for three days with the theme The theme of the festival is “Let Peace Reign”. The three-day festival is part of the celebration of the richness of the traditional culture of the Garo people.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has said that the Moist rebels have started spreading in the North East of India. They have links with the ULFA and other rebel groups in the area.
Regarding the report submitted by the HLC to the government, it said that they will not accept it as it will affect hundreds of Harijan households who have been living in the area for more than 400 years. The rejection of the report seems to have appeared in the media.
His excellence and dedication in his work has been a milestone in winning the Mattithaw Award in memory of Crystal Gayle who passed away in
Dolma said that China's construction of 3,000 dams in Tibet alone is a major threat to South East Asian countries and this will affect water supply in the coming years. they need international support.
The Shad Nongkrem was started by the Bakhraw of the Hima from the Sad House of Sunon and after the Bakhraw were followed by the Syiems of the Hima Khyrim together with the children of the Hima Khyrim. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the state Executive Council Committee, he said the meeting was held today to discuss the party's activities and how to prepare for the election. of the year
The KSU CEC under the leadership of Assistant Education Secretary Shelkitbok Kharbani also submitted a petition to the Minister.
He said that this step taken by the college will be of benefit to the male and female students who have a spirit of fighting and respect for each other.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu today sent a happy Easter greeting to the people of India especially to the Christians.
At this meeting, it was also discussed that hospitals should allow taxis to park when they go to drop off patients in their grounds.
He urged the parents of the students to have a goal in their lives and especially when they reach the 4th grade they should have a goal of what they will do and what they will do. This is the job that the students should have. If they study without a goal, it will be useless.
In a statement, police said that the people who found the child said that they found her from the photographs that appeared in the media today.
Speaking to Wei, Olympic Silver and Commonwealth Games Gold Medalist Robert Kabbas, teacher and teacher, said: “The management of the 5th Meghalaya Games is very good.
To claim that you don't have that request for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division is wrong.
The union has also informed the Prime Minister of India through its petition that if the NGT order continues for a while, the time will come when there will be a conflict. Tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills will be affected by the earthquake.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has recalled that the CPA Indian Region Zone III was created when Purno A Sangma was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha in and the first meeting was held in 1997 in Kohima, Nagaland.
Arunkumar Kembhavi, Chairman-cum-Managing Director, Government of Meghalaya, said that this MoU and CESL will pave the way for Meghalaya to become self-sufficient in electricity.
There was also a wreath laying ceremony by the Daloi, Acting Daloi, Waheh Shnong of Shangpung Village, Ma Richardson Rabon, KSU Shangpung Unit and other organizations.
The train will have 30 seats in two coaches and 29 seats in each rear coach. The stops for the train to run are posted on the IRTC website. NF Railaway is on social media.
Fantin J. Lakadong has been appointed to the Taxation, Water Resource and Mines and Minerals Departments.
According to the announcement of the DC, the opening of shops will be from 12/05/2020 to 16/05/2020 on Saturday.
The change in the CAB is that the areas with ILP and Sixth Schedule will not work. It is on this basis that Agatha has supported the CAB. The state government will continue to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs to demand that the state should be exempted from the CAB. There is a need for more protection against the infiltration of other ethnic groups into the state.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, they said that the allocation of 4% should be 1% for those with visual impairments, 1% for those with disabilities. hearing,1% for those with difficulty in walking and 1% for those with sensory impairment.
A total of 104 rangiakura players have come from all over the country to take part in 13 categories until the quarter final was completed today.
There is also the Niti Ayog formerly known as the Planning Commission to share the development of the states.
UK Nayal DIG of BSF, said that the BSF is fighting against COVID-19 at the same time they have not forgotten their duty to protect the border of the country. At the same time, the BSF is continuing to provide assistance to the people at the border and is ensuring that the smugglers do not get away.
On this occasion, Bah Shibun urged the people to elect the new leaders of the BJP party in order to bring about development works in the district and the region as a whole. other.
The meeting was attended by MSPCB, Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Bah G. Warjri and several owners. villages who supported this Public Hearing.
The HNLC has three, the ULFA of Assam has two and the GNLA has only one. The IG of BSF said that these camps belong to these kiss. They don't have their own houses anymore as they used to. They have become like refugees because they have to flee from one place to another because of the Bangladesh army. for.
The BSF seized these sarees and when they opened the sarees they found that they were sarees worth T.11 lakh tyngka. These sarees were seized from East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Examples are claims and allegations related to the lockdown across India due to the COVID-19 pandemic that put foreign workers at risk, and reports related to threats against those who follow some many religions, along with others.
The union also warned that the employees of the bank should work properly and come to the bank.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting to discuss how to bring back the people of the state who have stranded abroad.
The development projects entrusted to the Society are, such as agriculture in this sector there are many opportunities for farmers, education in this sector does not require them to establish school but to support bright students to study abroad.
They also discussed the movement of workers in some parts of the country.
It is learned that the contractors who have received the work have now expressed that they do not want to work at the old price as the price of all the materials has increased because the price given to them is of 2008 and now it has reached
The final part of the rules has been reached according to the Constitution and other parts will continue in the next session, and these are as approved and authorized. by Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor, Chief Executive Officer of the State Government for the benefit of the people of society.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The construction of the Legislative Wing Building of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at a cost of T.4.74 crore may increase in price. I have been working for about a year.
It is learned that on 20th November 2019, the Executive Committee was dissolved, T.10 crore was withdrawn from the KHADC in the name of Mobilization Fees. The EC is investigating why this was done on the day the EC failed.
These new members were sworn in by Bah Boney E Kharmalki who is their advisor.
“We request the Minister of Agriculture of the State Government to take action on this issue,” said Dohtdong.
He also congratulated the media outlets who have worked closely with the government.
It is alleged that the number of farmers who have died has increased, the introduction of jigniashrud in the name of religion.
Speech was delivered by Bah L.Nongkhlaw in the presence of the Secretary of the Shnong and members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
The centralized gas manifold which is very important for a hospital like NEIGRIHMS, but for some reason, has not been available since the establishment of the hospital.
He said the government is now preparing to provide Wi-Fi to all schools in the state so that this training can be successful.
The two DCs have been directed to immediately file a complaint against these people and at the same time the investigation to find out if there are any more suspects will continue.
This disaster has become a major issue of discussion these days which affects the environment by affecting mankind, animals, plants, cities, forests, biodiversity. the rivers, the seas, and the atmosphere.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) on Tuesday said that if the government really has that responsibility for the students of the state, the question is why the government has not paid the fees. of students.
On the other hand, the union said that the government is aware of the existence of these chief funds in the state.
The Seng pays tribute to this hero and freedom fighter of our country who gave his life for the sake of our country and nation by being martyred in the French government in Iawmusiang.
We went because we have a concern for the cause of the nation,” said Bah Nelson Kharbani, leader of the party.
In the first two months of this year, the average revenue collection was T.1.55 lakh crore.
Aristotle C.Rymbai said that according to the report received from the office of the State Project Director, SEMAM, who is also the Director of School Education and Literacy, the education department has shown that as of now, The funds already available with the state government to pay the new salaries and arrears of 12481 SSA teachers since 1st June 2016 is 21.84 crore.
“We strongly oppose the application and the Forest Department should not accept it but should arrest the illegal immigrants and immediately remove the illegal buildings without delay as Mahadev Khola will become a hideout. “If the Forest Department gives permission to relocate Mahadev Khola,” said the President of the Seng in an interview with the media after the meeting with the PCCF, , therefore, should also give permission to the state owners to build houses in the forests of the Forest Department.
In Police Bazar and many other places, special preparations were made when kaid trees were erected in front of houses and shops and candles were lit with mutual greetings.
Paul Lyngdoh has written many books and one of them is a book entitled Shithiar ki khana short which has been accepted by the MBOSE for class XI and XII. He was accepted under KAS, the organization accepts everyone but they must have written books whatever it is.
The entire family of these children will receive a special prayer and condolences from all of us to attend.
Because many have been arrested but there are also those who are still waiting for their sale.
The AITC MLA admitted that the NPP is trying to attract MLAs to join the NPP and this is not only for the AITC MLAs but for other MLAs of other states. party too.
If the Government does so, the Government may not be able to complete the interview, because there is a need to conduct the interview.
About 40% of the world's income and 80% of the world's population depends on the presence of plants.
The meeting was led by the president of the party, Re RG Laloo.
The State Legislative Assembly and the District Legislative Council may be employed as the authorities that govern and judge the children of the thousands in the State.
The district authorities have tightened security to ensure that these incidents do not spread in Pynthrumkhrah constituency, Mawlai.
He said that the NEC should ask how to expand its activities in the region as all the states can benefit from the NEC. Union Minister and explained to him about the situation at the Council Secretariat.
On this day, the MPCA leaders will explain to the public about Aadhar, how it is implemented and what is its relationship with the Constitution, the problems arising from Aadhar, the Supreme Court. of India decides how while a final decision has not yet been taken.
Because of this violation of their rights, these women have lodged a complaint with the Civil Society of Women Organization (CSWO).
The union said that the cost of work is high due to the lack of C&RD Block in the area.
If other states have been able to solve the problem, what is the problem for Meghalaya?
Jowai, July 09: The students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College have expressed their deep sorrow over the delay of the state government in releasing the scholarship to the students which is a special allocation for them.
The search operation has been conducted since Saturday after receiving this information and the search operation has continued today but until this evening they have not found the body of the man.
On the 14th July, 2024, from 5:00 pm, people will be able to see the Satriya dance from Assam and the Hojagiri dance from Tripura.
The increase in the capacity of the Yatra can be seen by reaching Rs 10 crore in 22 days and Rs 10 crore in just 7 days.
The total number of cases has risen to 1433, East Khasi Hills 945, West Khasi Hills 31, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 117, West Jaintia Hills 9, East Jaintia Hills 28, West Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 15, East Garo Hills 97 and North Garo Hills
It is to be recalled that after the Mawlai MLA brought the discussion in the House, the Chief Minister visited the road and took action by removing the old contractor and appointing Bah new to complete the remaining work.
Goel said that with the launch of 5G services in the country, many small cells of 5G mobile towers will be needed in the North East as well.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, MPCC President DD Lapang said that what they discussed at the meeting was to work hard to win the candidates that the party has nominated. They have nine MDC constituencies and are expected to win in all nine constituencies.
Other areas declared as containment areas besides Jahlupara are Laitkor Pyllun, Lower Lum Mawrie from Dr PK War's house to Super Care House, Oakland Municipal Quarters, Lower Lachaumiere Hopkinson from Stephan Hall to Gold Gym Lait. Now the office of the Director of Information and Public Relations.
There are 70 recoveries today, 93899 recoveries, 96058 tests positive for COVID-19 so far, 96058 deaths 1612 people.
He said that in Raid Nongtung according to the custom there is a Shad Nangkoi which is performed by the kur but this shad has disappeared and is no longer performed. but the biggest dance is the Lakhompong dance.
The death toll has risen to 1462 with one death in East Khasi Hills District, the highest number of deaths in East Khasi Hills District with after.
When groups protest against the government, the people should not turn into trees.
However, fortunately I can still see my son again despite the injuries,” she said. “It was with the help of the villagers that the injured were brought to Shillong.
At this meeting, it was also informed that the number of households has increased to 745 households. The organization has provided 5 lakh rupees to the school children who have faced difficulties. in the past year under BATC. (SP News).
Police said there were still others who fled to evade arrest.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Hills District, Jaintia Students Union, Jaintia Youth Federation and East Jaintia National Council today sent a letter to the Speaker. Public awareness regarding the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project-II.
While watching, he immediately commented, 'There are snaps of pictures related to some people in some parts of Nepal.
Recalling the work of Bah RV Warjri in European countries, he immediately said, 'The Revolution of the West has risen with the spirit of the art movement. which was filled with the strength and selflessness of the poets, the poets, the poets and the poets.
