This includes the holistic health of all life – humans, animals and plants.
Referring to the announcement by the Chief Minister on 28th July 2021 that a team of inquiry has been appointed to be headed by a judge, he asked why the inquiry has not yet started.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in reply to a question by Bah Procees T Sawkmie regarding the garbage dump at Marten, said, “I have not visited the garbage dump at Marten. I'll see how to do it" at Martern.
A case has been registered against Kyrseiboklang Lyngdoh of Lapalang of Pynursla Police Station and Bikhat Ahom or Smam of Dalaigaon, Bongaigaon, Assam.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) would like to express its views.
Shillong, Nailar 11: BJP Spokesperson Nalin Kholi will meet with religious leaders of Meghalaya at the Assam Quest House in Dhankheti, Shillong.
On the starting day of the D.EL Ed examination, they will hold a sit-in with flags on the 9th of this month which is also the starting day of the D.EL.ED examinations. Parking Lot Shillong from 11 am to 1:30 pm.
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed the Amendment Bill
AS 01 W 9005, which was coming from Guwahati to Shillong, collided with a truck with registration no.
The Principal of KV Happy Valley, DB Singh, in his speech to the children, said that yoga is the best way to achieve physical and mental health. universally accepted that this is the most efficient way to achieve excellence in life.
At present, the employees of JHADC have not received their salaries for six months and the employees of GHADC have not received their salaries for 28 months.
Both the candidates for the CEM election in GHADC today belong to the NPP, Rakesh Sangma was supported by the NPP and Benedic Marak was supported by the AITC MDCs. , K.Lyngkot 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today morning through Twitter strongly condemned the perpetrators of the bomb blast at Police Bazar. sit down sign.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Extreme Underground Metal Society of Shillong (EUMSS) will perform Desecravity from Japan, Nikrahold from Bangladesh along with Pitroad and others from Shillong. Shillong Death Fest 2 has been named the Shillong Death Fest.
He said that in the states where the BJP is in power, he has seen that the economy is growing rapidly because there is no corruption and the first priority. what the BJP wants to be is to root out corruption.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The office of the Governor of Meghalaya today announced that on the occasion of Independence Day 2023, the opening ceremony will be held for the public from 3.00 pm. from 8 pm to 8.00 pm.
On Tuesday, the Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to oppose the transfer of the park to the Shillong Golf Club.
After the arrest, the mother was detained at Jowai District Jail, but she was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment. The mother died on the spot. sun.
Dozens of members and leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday turned up at the Main Secretariat to condemn the NPP-led government. ) which has failed to pass the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP), to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The Cyber ​​Crime Unit of the Meghalaya Police has registered a case against Bethany Hospital in the 144-page register. .
These projects are related to agriculture, water conservation, forests, environment and development projects using UAV Remote Sensing and Disaster Management Support, with funding. from MoDONER, the State Government.
On the part of Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw, Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, while receiving these donations, he expressed his gratitude to the leaders and office bearers of the RBYF who were willing to come. to express sympathy to those who are in need.
The price of T.40 per kilo will be reimbursed at T.18.50 by the Central Government and the price of T.21.50 per kilo will be T.21.50 per kilo. it is about T.15, which has varied to about T.
On Sunday, Rev. Richard Majaw, Chief Pastor of the Cathedral Parish, led the service with Rev. Julius Kurbah, Rev. Edward Sten and others.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Balat Unit has strongly condemned the issuance of NOC by Bah PN Syiem for the construction of the highway from Nongstoin to Wahkaji. you are reading for your own benefit.
The Union would like to express its gratitude to Samla Welson Pyngrope Engineer of Doordarshan Kendra who took the time to teach the students who attended the Coaching Class.
Shillong, Lber 26: The repair work on the Umngi River at Umpung village on the border with Bangladesh in South West Khasi Hills District is ongoing as the bridge has started to collapse.
At present, the collection of garbage is from the whole city of Jowai but only a few areas fall under the jurisdiction of the JMB and there has been a delay in the work since the beginning until now.
He said that one day both of them asked for money from him but the drug dealer told them to take it from Laitumkhrah and they left in his own car when they reached the house. The suspect was arrested by the police and said that they are drug dealers.
In addition, there are 19.47 crore voters between the ages of 20-2
This was announced by Samla Wanbok Reenborne, Executive Member of KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The sub station does not have an air kit to repair in case of a breakdown. It is also alleged that the people do not come to work in the right manner. The station which should look after the work does not have a vehicle where the employees can walk and stand where they are working.
At the same time, the BJP congratulates the people of the state for bringing peace and stability in the state and hopes that this Durga Puja will be a success. long walking smoothly.
He said that he has tried his best to find ways and means to get this vehicle.
We should be full of pride for our soldiers who are fighting to bring about changes according to the times.
He was rushed to Woodland Hospital Shillong but died on the 27th evening.
PC across the state to ban writings and posters on roads or houses.
We have allocated Rs 186 crore to deliver clean water to the people of Meghalaya.
Any State Branch of the Seng Khasi which intends to celebrate the 121st Anniversary of the Seng Khasi on 23rd November 2020 with any festival must first apply and obtain permission from the Deputy Commissioners of the State Branch of the Seng Khasi. that they fell.
Two counterfeit ticket sellers worth T.17 lakh were arrested in the raid conducted from 23rd to 25th of this month. In the fiscal year 2023-2024, 173 ticket sellers and The total amount of money was T.22.81 lakh.
At this meeting, it was also decided that the motto of the new group will be “Ka Lawei Ka Jaidbynriew”.
The Minister said that India is now an indispensable voice in the energy sector and that it has become a leader in the transformation of the energy sector.
Dr Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State for North East, has congratulated Japan for taking this step to promote economic development in the North East. Under the leadership of Narendra Modi, the government has amended the 90-year-old Indian Forest Act of 1919 to exempt the trees planted under the Act.
Kharraswai said the Union had informed the Managing Director of NHM about the salary increase in November, November and July but the MD had asked for time to increase the salary after a few months.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The drivers of Sutnga area who have permits from the DTO held a meeting today 3–7–2014 at 10 kilometers of Sutnga road with the participation of the leaders of the union. JYF EJH.About 25/30 drivers of this area attended this meeting to protest against the illegal private vehicles without proper documents. Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH said that one of the drivers, Bah N.Lamurong, said that if these vehicles are allowed to operate illegally, most of them will take advantage of them. He said that the price of passengers has increased from 30 tyngka per passenger to 200 or 300 tyngka each. “Our opposition to illegal vehicles is to avoid many dangers and problems that will arise in the future if the authorities do not take action to resolve the issue immediately,” said the JYF leader. EJH.On the same day, after the meeting, these drivers, accompanied by the leaders of JYF EJH, met with the Magistrate Smt.
Shillong, July 31: As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Seng in 2024, a blood donation was held at NEHU today. Community Hall.
Govind Mohan said the campaign is the 'Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav', which started on October 12, 2021 and witnessed public participation by holding more than 2 lakh programs across the country. in India.
In another case, BSF arrested Ibrahim, 65, of Naodung, Udalguri District, Assam while he was entering India from Bangladesh.
On the other hand, MSSASA is surprised that the Meghalaya government has not allocated funds for the SSA teachers. The question is how much money the government has allocated for the SSA teachers. Shillong. , November 15: JSU Laskein Circle led by General Secretary Franky Shylla and Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang today visited CHC Laskein.
“We have requested nine more teams of security personnel to patrol Shillong and to strengthen security on the day of the President's visit to Shillong,” said a police chief.
How can the NGT say that only the powerful make a profit?
On the same day, a public meeting was held in which the residents of the area attended to witness the opening of the checkpoint for foreigners who intend to enter Meghalaya.
Thank you very much.
Shillong, June 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has spoken several times with the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to increase the number of Land Custom Stations in the country. Meghalaya to strengthen trade with Bangladesh.
This is the third time that Bah Lamphrang has been arrested by the police.
The KSU RIST-USTM Unit would like to thank the KSU Sengkmie and KSU NKHDU for their help and support in making this day a success.
He urged the members of the Seng to continue to fight for the nation in the face of violence and violence from the Central Government through laws against the welfare of the region.
Shubha Thakur, Joint Secretary, explained about this mission.
The masks were handed over by MEPA President R Monarch Shabong to MNHA President Sebastian Shabong at a special meeting held at Mawkhar in the presence of senior leaders. On the other hand, MNHA President Bah Sebastian Shabong expressed his gratitude to MEPA for this donation and promised to cooperate in improving the welfare of newspaper vendors in the State.
After a thorough discussion, the Secretary of the Mawlai Durbar Town Durbar, the Village Authorities of Mawlai Mawiongrim, Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung, Mawlai Nongpdeng, Mawlai Nongkwar and Mawtawar.
Shillong, November 10: The National Legal Services Authority (NLSA) under the leadership of Mr Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, Chief Justice, High Court of Meghalaya, has ordered a fair trial. The National Lok Adalat (NLO) was held on Saturday.
Speaking at the meeting, Lt Gen PC Nair, DG AR said that the synergy between the experience of their team and the experience of RRU in education will ensure the delivery of a comprehensive training programme.
Speaking on the occasion, u Samla Pynshai Rani once again congratulated the youth and the marynthing for their success in the good deeds for the nation. Dress code is a tool to show the uniqueness of the nation because the dignity, manners and dignity of our nation shows the dress code because if we lose the color of the world it means that we beat the rympei of our own which my mother and father Thawlang have given us from the beginning of the day"
On the other hand, the KHADC has urged all the Chief Executive Members to work together in the fight against the use of plastic bags. .
Regarding the Mumbai-Pune railway, the government is in talks with the Maharashtra government.
A total of 43 tests have been sent to Barpeta Medical College.
MeECL has also cut off the electricity supply to about 50 households.
Kumar said he was grateful to the police who worked tirelessly to rescue him.
Mairang, Nailar 06: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today said that due to the rapid increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and high risk contacts in Umjakoit Village, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, has been declared a Containment Zone as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
According to information received, this happened on the 7th of July, 2023 at about 12 pm when four people in this truck were leaving Pynursla for Laitlyngkot. I don't know why you don't have a gear box.
The foundation stone of the Assam Advanced Health Care Innovation Institute (AAHII) is a step towards achieving the Prime Minister's 'Atmnirbhar Bharat' and 'Make in India' goals in the health sector.
Shillong, November 26: U George B Lyngdoh, Vice President of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (MLA) today said that the party strongly condemns the Assam government's resignation. There are no Christian churches in Assam.
The NSSO, FOD is involved in conducting the survey in various parts of the region.
The Khasi-Pnars are forced to go to the health centers because the Karbi block the road.
He said that the Reservation Policy divides the Scheduled Tribes into three parts, Khasi – Jaintia, Garo and other tribes. that they should wait for the decision of the Supreme Court which can issue the decision at any time.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 234 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in all districts of the state. East Khasi Hills 106 cases and West Garo Hills 58 cases.
It is said that the Syiem of the Hima Sohra, has used to file a complaint against the state owners for forcibly grabbing land.
Elias Lyngdoh, Director in charge of the project, told SP News Agency that according to the decision, there are 13 land owners who have been able to confirm their work within MeECL.
At the same time, Dr Donkupar said that the central government cannot mine without the permission of the state government.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Sree Narayana Guru Cultural Center (SNGCCS) today celebrated its 10th Anniversary and the 159th Birth Anniversary of Sree Narayana Guru.
Minister Duh said, “In 2047, when the country will celebrate 100 years of independence, what kind of laws and regulations do we want to see in the country? How can we ensure that the legal profession becomes efficient enough to achieve the aspirations of the people of India in
Liarbang, November 13: The Meghalaya Road Construction Department has not repaired the road from Liarbang to Sabuda for many years. to Shillong.
The Seng will soon be monitoring and meeting with the relevant authorities to raise awareness of these problems within the PHC Diengpasoh.
The Deputy Chairman of the House, Bah Alvin Sawkmie, at the beginning of the session, said that if the House does not approve, the session should not be held. the mid-term MLA elections in which the members of the House are the candidates.
Shillong, June 04: The Permanent Campus of the university will be opened this month, said Dr. Debmalya Bhattacharya, Pro Vice Chancellor of the Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Meghalaya. July 2024 in Morocco.
The family has four sons aged 18, 15, 11 and 1 year.
Regarding the allegation by the opposition, the Executive Committee has clarified that although they have been defeated by the counting of votes, they will not sit back and do what is necessary. .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Policemen from the Special Force-10 of Meghalaya, known as the SF-10, have taken oath this year after completing special training under the state of Nagaland.
The present generation should know that in the past, the Khasi elders were able to advocate in the streets and to stir up victory in the public square.
The article was written by Zhang Jiadong, Director of the Center for South Asian Studies at Fudan University, Shanghai, who highlighted India's great achievements in the past four years.
In this regard, he spoke about the Center of Excellence Citrus Fruit Park which they have already set up in Mizoram through collaboration with Israel and collaboration with Japan in terms of construction in some areas.
On the other hand, the union has immediately sent them away with the understanding that from now on, people should not be brought in to do the jobs that the villagers can still do.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The BSF has conducted a training for youths on the border with Bangladesh on driving.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the people of Thynroid are very fortunate to have hardworking, skilled and visionary village leaders especially to He said that to hold the Lakam Synshar in these days is very difficult and difficult, whether it is in the homes, the villages. The Thaw especially in the public service as leaders because we live in an age full of problems and struggles, but he said that it is only those who face the problems that lead to the cliffs of the name.
Regarding the victory or defeat, he said the BJP will win more than 272 MPs to form the government in Delhi. He said he would be the 273rd MP.
The songs of this evening were also performed by Samla Toshan Nongbet who won India's Got Talent and also by the Serenity Choir, Venetia K.Wanshong and Nanetta Massar. Emmanuel Martin Marbaniang, Ronojit Chaliha and Adiel Massar on the cello.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) has requested a clarification through the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the State Government on the conversion of training schools into teaching schools. patient care and also on the implementation of Aadhaar.
MH Dkhar said that if the NGT does not forgive Meghalaya, the fear now is that if the Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy 2012 is implemented, the NGT will not forgive Meghalaya. In the present form, the people will be severely affected by the implementation of this policy because the current policy is not clear, it will benefit the people of the country. try country? or only to a few who are rich and in power? For the sake of the understanding of all the people of Meghalaya, the AJYWO demands that the state government should first translate the Mines and Minerals Policy 2012 into Khasi, Jaintia. and Garo, so that the public can read it thoroughly and also understand clearly the provisions of this policy whether it fits or not according to the circumstances of this state of ours which falls under the jurisdiction of the 6Scheduled of the Constitution of India in which the land tenure system differs significantly from that of other States of India and also whether the Mines and Minerals Policy 2012 will benefit the who owns the country? (SP News).
Other dignitaries who spoke on the occasion included Bah O. Lymba, Rangbah Dong Knan, Bah Andra Rynjah, Sordar Village Laitkyrhong, Bah W. Kharkongor, Treasurer Dong Knan. Secretary Dong Knan and Bah Dikos Lymba who is one of the leading elders of the area.
Before 2018, that is, since 2008, the MBoSE has divided the questions into separate subjects for students to answer, that is, students should answer correctly in History, Civics. Social Sciences-I and Geography and Economics-II students will write their own subjects.
The Chief Guest who is also the MDC of the area urged the students to continue to work hard so that they can improve their lives in the coming days and hours. He also urged the KSU Tyrsad Circle to continue such awards as through this it really encourages the students.
The amendments to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Act 1991, provide that any dispute between the two Himas shall be appealed to the EM or Secretary in charge of the affairs. Elaka, but now the EC wants that if there is a dispute between the Elaka, it should go to the Judge of KHADC. To strengthen the courts within the KHADC, the Deputy Secretary of the KHADC has introduced an amendment to the Act. The EC today decided to appoint another Additional Judge, besides this Judge, two more Magistrates, as the KHADC wants to implement them fully. KHADC courts in Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat and Nongpoh.
The union said that today there are children who have suffered from fever and when they arrived at Shella PHC today, the doctors found that they had typhoid.
NCC members have come forward to assist the government in raising awareness among the public regarding the disease, distributing masks to the public and many other activities that NCC members have done to help. to the government.
On the other hand, the government authorities have told the people not to listen to the curfew call of the HNLC and to open their markets and shops.
At the same time, the PMDR urges the government to stop the search operation for all the insurgents in Garo Hills only during this Christmas season when the people need peace. Celebrate your freedom without fear this Christmas.
Dr Kharlukhi said that the schemes for the year 2023-24 should have been deployed but due to the MP election to the Lok Sabha, they have been suspended. cat cat.
The same Sengol has been established since 1947 by the Prime Minister in the Lok Sabha, which is adjacent to the seat of the Lamphang.
Grass Hashah, one of the elders, said that the passing away of Bah Lofrickshon is a great loss because he was the founder of the Khasi Ri Lyngngam Seng to preserve the customs and traditions. I'm from the Ri Lyngngam People's Council.
The Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Bah S Rynjah, told SP News Agency that on the morning of 31st November, 2013, there will be no collision. night.
The JSU through its President Samla Treiborlang R Suchen, said that the JSU requests the owners of houses in Shillong to help and sympathize with the students who come from poor families who are looking for completed education in Shillong.
Key points of the new guidelines, Activities not allowed from 15th March 2020, in areas outside the Containment Zones.
Police have recently seized several weapons from the GNLA. Police said that the Machine Gun 7.62 was used only by Sohra D Shira. You can see this gun in the pictures that appear on social media of him carrying this gun.
The Seng said that if the problems of the people in the rural areas are better understood and seen by those who live or sit in Shillong, what will be the benefit to the Sengs that are still operating in that area? .
Diangtimai Lyngdoh said that the Meghalaya government has sent to Delhi to pay them more than T.50 tyngka but the truth is that even that T.50 tyngka has not been received.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU UNIT today closed down the office of the Vice Chancellor, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla. to meet the needs of the students.
In Sohra Civil Sub Division, Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the State Planning Board, in Mairang, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, in Dadenggre, Renikton Lyngdoh, Chairman of MIDC, in Amlarem, Marcuise N. Marak, Chairman of MREGC, in Pynursla, Gavin. Mylliem Chairman of MKVI, Deputy Speaker TD Shira in Mawshynrut, Benedic R. Marak Co-Chairman SPB in Raksamgre, Saleng A Sangma Chairman of SGPIMC in Chokpot, Chairman of MSLC in Ranikor bah W Shylla.
Shillong, November 19: The Society of Meghalaya Against Land Alienation (SOMALA) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to express its opposition to the amended Industrial Policy.
There will be a longer power outage in Tura today to repair the loss of electricity poles.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Red Ribbon Club of MLCU in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Network of Positive People (MSNP) has conducted a training on drug abuse reduction.
After the arrest, police raided the house of Bah Richard at Mawiong Umjapung and seized nine song of 1000 kyats and one song of 5000 kyat from the house. his.
Online programs and integration with technology: In line with the vision of NEP, where educational institutions should provide services for the education of all, the online executive MBA program is a unique educational offering that has been designed to enable students to develop their knowledge, skills and leadership through online activities.
The JYF (EJH) has also condemned the All Dimasa Students Union (ADSU) and the Dima Hasa District Committee (ADSU) which are outside the state for their work. what is your job ? If these two parties are responsible for the lives and deaths of the people, why don't they look after the problems of their own state first? Don't interfere too much with the trade of Meghalayans.
In his speech, Dr Shekhar, Chairman of the RGNIYD, said that the aim of the RGNIYD is to raise awareness about the North East, to raise awareness among the people about the beauty of the region and to remove from people this misunderstanding.
On the other hand, the BSF said that Meghalaya and Bangladesh have a border of 444 km and in the middle of this there are many problems because there are many forests and rights but The BSF has worked hard to curb smuggling at the border.
Sports that have been able to drop their curtain include Karate, Badminton, Swimming, Gymnastics and Golf.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Two persons were killed and two others were killed when a truck carrying cow dung to Bangladesh collided with another vehicle near Sohkha village near Dawki. the driver and the driver of the truck.
The union expresses its gratitude to the MeECL tant for issuing the appointment letters of 290 youths in phase 1 on 03/0 /17.
The Air Hostess recruitment will be held in Shillong in collaboration with Jettwings, Shillong.
Shillong, November 19: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today in a statement sent through Saiñkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, said that at the meeting of the party leaders held on the 18th of this month, talk about the widespread arrest of youths by the government authorities and imprisonment on unfounded charges.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the MDCs of KHADC, the Chief Minister said that the implementation of the CrPC and CPC will not affect the jurisdiction of the District Council. The Council has the power to hear from paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule.
Chairman of the Committee Prestone Tynsong said the committee was pleased with the meeting held earlier today.
Drug abuse among Khasi youth has increased steadily in the last 15 years, first starting from Shillong in villages where there are no drug users, now it has spread to other districts and abroad. village.
Shillong, July 23: A Nano (ML05H-0684) which was heading from Mawryngkeng to Puriang when it reached Mawrisham, overturned and collided with another vehicle. The occupants of the vehicle died and others were injured.
Police from Lumdingjri Police Station have rushed to the scene to investigate how the tree fell after someone poured water from a tin. this is what you got.
Embhahlang Syiemlieh said that he has already met with other MLAs whose constituency will include Mawlai C&RD Block and Sngiawbhalang Dhar who is the Minister of Community Affairs. & Rural Development.
"The Samman will be recommended by a panel of judges.
In this regard, the union will meet with the senior officers of MeECL to demand the immediate construction of post lights and electricity supply in Nongjri, Kulang, Nonghyllam and Borsora and others. of that bag.
The Seng would like to thank the members of the Nonglang Youth Association, Mawkyrwat Youth Association and the Village Leaders of Nonglang Village who have taken care of this issue.
If we are responsible and do our job properly, no foreigner will enter or invade our state.
According to the advertisement, there were 69 vacancies, but at the time of the examination results, there were only 34 vacancies.
Shillong, November 09: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstatwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the Governor of Meghalaya should be in the middle, not the last child of the BJP. The President of the KSU said that it is sad to see that the state is still opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019, while the Governor is still supporting it. .
Political leaders who attended the ceremony included BJP National President Amit Shah, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Chief Minister of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. and of the state of Manipur.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm when Sagar Thakuri, who was driving his motorcycle, collided with the motorcycle of Amrit.
The competition was organized by Sardar Police Station. The participants were students of the Social Work Department of Martin Luther Christian University, Professionals Academy, members of the Shillong Bar Association and staff of Shillong. Court.
This drawing competition will be for those children who are studying in Class IV to Class VI. This is to teach from an early age that people should understand the value of water. .
“The problem now is that we haven't got land to set up the centres, and the awareness campaign is still ongoing," he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Meghalaya Police have seized T.2.48 lakh counterfeit money in the last 48 hours.
This road is very important as it will connect Baghmara, Mawkyrwat and Shillong.
It is estimated that about 15 shops have been damaged and it is suspected that the fire started from the shop near the fish market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will talk and discuss ways and means to resolve this issue through mutual understanding. This issue which has been going on for a long time in relation to the Them Motor should be resolved.
The BSF has stepped up its efforts to curb smuggling activities at the border.
On the other hand, the civil society alleged that the government's intention to take land is to hand it over to companies because they cannot buy land. Act 1971,”In a statement sent today, they said that the District Council which has been placed under the Sixth Schedule should take action to protect the people. the people shall be destroyed in their places.
Regarding this complaint, the office is still waiting for the report from the Borsora Police Station. Until now, the police have not been able to submit the report to the department.
He spoke about the development of Aatmanirbhar 5G infrastructure and said that 5G will help in the development of 5G jobs, service jobs in the region.
Drugs and unused injection needles were recovered from the body of Khrawbok, also known as Pylliaw.
Those who attended the meeting were many political parties from the opposition led by the KSU and from the supporting party.
In these days there have been many petrol bomb blasts and car bombings, as a resident he is sorry for all these incidents, he said he has demanded that he should step down.
NYKS is conducting the Clean India 2.0 program from 1st to 31st March across the country.
Regarding the Community Level Scope Project, Nongkrem MDC Lambor Malangniang said that the state government has received T.350 crore from the World Bank. Minister of State for Forests, said Bah Victor.
Three persons were identified as Johm Nyayona, 25, Mayir Kamum, 18 and Dugi Pako, 20, all from Arunachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister will also address the Vice Chancellors of Universities, Heads of Schools and Teachers at workshops to be held at Raj Bhawans across the country. an hour.
The JHADC has issued a notice stating that the interim Doloi has been appointed under Section 14(I) of the Jaintia Hills District Act. Jurisdiction of Doloi, Sirdar and Waheh Shnong) Act
Shillong, June 02: San-Ker Hospital and other groups in Shillong today celebrated the World Autism Day. It is a day of celebration to fight against this illness by marching from Khyndaitlad to the Mission Dorbar Shnong.
The terms of reference, and recommendations that come from these consultations and will be presented.
The BSF has stepped up patrolling along the border with Bangladesh to ensure that Bangladeshis do not enter India.
The next match will be played on the 22nd of this month at 2:30 PM between Kyrluh FC and Khonbahkhla FC. Shillong, July : The bridges at Wah Shella and Khasimara are very important not only for the people but also for the BSF troops to patrol the border with Bangladesh.
This was stated by the coal traders from Jaintia Hills.
The Seng also urges all the public if you find any problems to come and meet with us and we also offer to work together with this PHC so that by working together we can improve it. On the other hand, the Seng, as we have already mentioned, is not the Seng's intention to interfere with the work of anyone or anyone here at the PHC, but the Seng will inspect the PHC. It is true that the Seng has found out the truth and to understand the problems faced by the staff in this PHC. the PHC as I mentioned above.
According to the complaint sent to the government through the Chief Secretary, the youths said that they found out through RTI that the PMKKKY scheme to build a playground and a 50 meter gallery at a cost of T.51.86 lakh. T.22.5 lakh has been withdrawn within 32 days and according to the RTI, it is the Chairman of the Block who issued the NOC and it is the same person who withdrew the money. You have sent the letter “A” to Bah Bankyrsoi.
The BSF could not arrest the suspect as he fled in the darkness of the night.
There is a huge opportunity and awareness from around the world on the health and health benefits of shynrai, which the Board will use to promote further education and use of shynrai.
Minister of Minority Affairs.
The criteria for this award will be considered only for students from Ribhoi District who have scored more than 80% marks in SSLC, 75% in HSSLC, 70% Under Graduate, 65% Post Graduate including those who have completed the Directorate PhD for the year 2022-2
Our Puranas speak of Matsyavatara, the first form of Lord Vishnu.
Besides the blessings to the Unit, the party leaders also explained their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act and the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
The work of the Election Commission of India as it is now was also explained on the occasion.
On this day, there will be many public lectures to raise awareness on the dangers of this deadly disease.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today said that they have started searching for the suspects who killed a man in Ichamati in which two people lost their lives. tragic event.
The KSU demands that the KSU should meet with the people before the end of this month and ensure that they listen to the concerns raised by the people. .
India shall recognize the Khasi Hills States in accordance with the terms and conditions as concluded and approved in the Annexed Agreement between the Government of India and the 25 Khasi Hills States.
The President of India said that India and Bhutan have a close relationship and this relationship is more special than any other. this relationship with Bhutan in all aspects.
“We cannot just allow them because if a small thief is arrested immediately, how can we protect them but they are our relatives,” he said.
The BJP government in the state has tried its best to find ways and means to set aside a special place for the first Home Minister of India by naming it after the statue of Patel. .
Shillong, March 20: The Congress Party today opened the registration of youth for the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) in Meghalaya. MPCC President Vincent H Pala was also present.
What happened to the NDFB and the ULFA is that they have not been able to come to the negotiating table, because the leaders of these rebel groups have been deported by the Bangladesh government to India.
In this meeting, the FKJGP and KSU in the presence of the MEMRIWU leader presented the issues before the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, regarding the They said that the government should not support without any rules, the government should check from time to time.
Therefore, the authorities are requested to investigate thoroughly and punish those who misused public funds and all those involved in these activities so that they pay the 514900 tyngka which has been investigated and he too. He agreed to pay to the village so that it will not disrupt the society and peace and order in the village.
Speaking to media, he said that the party will meet with the Chief Minister to discuss the border issues of the state. to date with the state of Assam.
The Estimate Committee, led by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem as Chairman, in the presence of members of the Estimate Committee, Charles Marngar, Remington G Momin, Limison Sangma, Myanmar D Shira together with Assembly staff, visited one of the government schools, Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya, Nai Basti, Kishan Ganj, New Delhi. witness with their own eyes how the government schools are run in this city.
The JSU would like to clarify that it supports the 6 villages of Narpuh area to stand firmly against the government's violence to destroy the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. Lukha River which has been affected by the spill of various wastewater from the Cement Plants in these areas.
The union appeals to the leaders and the government to turn their attention to this village so that they can escape from the problems especially in terms of illness.
Referring to the opportunities in agriculture in the region, Minister Duh pointed to the opportunities in traditional farming systems where the region can be a leader.
The KSU wants to see that the Civil Sub Division will be fully equipped especially in relation to the Bank.
On the other hand, JSU President Eddy Kery Pohtam together with members of the JSU have lodged a complaint with the police against the Bangladeshis.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Sports Department of the State Government will hold an award ceremony for the winners of various sports at the regional and national levels. This month at the Indoor Sports Hall, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Jatinga has the largest Khasi population and has its own constituency in the Dima Hasao Autonomous Council.
Sukhdeep Sangwan, Director-General, Assam Rifles, who has brought about many positive changes in the school in these years.
Police, who had already arrested him, immediately arrested him while he was paying the money.
The union is pleased to learn that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State headed by Kong Ampareen as Minister on 08/09/2023 has decided to approve the sending of Shna. These articles are available at the Health Sub Centre.
The Meghalaya Education Symposium is an initiative of the Government of Meghalaya to improve education institutions and was attended by Government Ministers including Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Advisor to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM Shangpliang, Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Pravin Bakshi and others.
Seven Muktiars including Advocate General Amit Kumar, Avijit Mani Tripathi, Rekha Bakshi, Aditya S. Pandey, Shaurya Sahay and Upendra Mishra were represented in the case.
Similarly, expenses for Bharat Scouts and Guides, Red Cross, photography, printing and others.
This is the authority appointed to investigate corruption and punish the corrupt.
In this figure, the government has included the loss of work of government employees during the curfew and office curfew. The government can dismiss anyone if it wants, the union will fight against this allegation of the government by law.
“The Office of the Prime Minister has announced a compensation of T.2 lakh from the PMNRF to the families of those who died in this incident. West Bengal.
The four MLAs, PT Sawkmie and Mohendro Rapsang, have been appointed as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya New and Renewable Energy. Development Agency (MNREDA).
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that in public administration, there is a need for justice which is very important and the promptness to give a fair justice makes the people respect the law. .
This is a work that is ongoing through the initiatives of Myntri Rangbah Duh to bring together students, parents, teachers and the community to create an environment where there is celebration and encouragement of uniqueness of every child.
How beautiful! I thank you.
He urged the parents who go to school to wear helmets to avoid accidents.
In another incident, the office of the Range Forest Officer, Mairang of the Forest Department in Mairang West Khasi Hills District was hit by a petrol bomb.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has agreed to recognize Shillong. as a 'Smart City' in the year 2018-2019 with a budget of T.1040/- crore.
All those who have been infected have been sent to quarantine and those who have just left for work are being investigated.
In a statement, the President of the CSWO said that the coal was transported from Shallang, Maweit to Assam via Langpih.
Mary Gnora T Sangma, speaking to SP News Agency, said that police are investigating the incident to find out the cause of the fire.
According to information received, when the Central Government allocated this scheme to the District Councils, it did not order to distribute it to the MDCs as an MDC scheme. The funds will be allocated to the MDCs according to the allocation of funds decided by the Executive Committee.
During the inspection, it was found that there was a lot of corruption on the part of the Road Construction Company which angered the leaders of the Seng but on the part of the Officers of the PWD Road Department, National Highway Division. Those who attended the meeting promised to take action to address this issue by sending a report to the higher authorities and to send a notice to the Ministry to hold a special meeting. sanction for the areas which require the construction of Safe Wells, Water Supply and Footpaths for the safety of the residents.
Jotish Daimary, 43, Bipul Basumatry, 37, Shankar Boro, 37, Bipul Basumatry, 37, Shankar Boro, were arrested in Guwahati. They are 35 years old from Udalguri, Sansoma Mooshahary 32 from Chirang and Fajal Haque 33 from Guwahati.
The CEM of KHADC replied that the KHADC can set the price of agricultural products as this is the responsibility of the state government.
Assam Police have banned vehicles from coming to Meghalaya since morning after the incident in Mukroh village where six people were killed. a tragic event.
Those who tested positive for COVID-19 today are EGH: 10, EJH: 14, EKH: 177, NGH: 04, RBD: 56, SGH: 20, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 02, WGH: 22, WJH : 11,WKH: 23.
The BJP, on the religious side, has made a mistake, on the political side, they have made a mistake and they will not even get 200 seats.
He said that six months ago, his EC had already approved the implementation of the new salary as the government has also implemented the new salary and the District Councils have done the same. , said that with this new salary increase, the monthly salary of GHADC has reached Rs 9 crore.
Speaking on the scheme, the Minister said that the implementation of PMAY-G – the housing scheme for all – has fulfilled the aspirations of the poor to have their own houses.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest encouraged the students by saying: 'To shape the future is not only to look forward to government jobs after completing our studies, but to try to stand on our own. and thou shalt not begin with thy own works.
Poor households can apply for this scheme through M/S Frontier Indian Gas Agency.
Police have arrested two persons from Shillong, Bah Thrangbor Nongrum of Kyrbom Mawprem and Bah Shemlad Nongrum of Wahingdoh. According to information received from other districts of the state, offices have been closed and only the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the head quarters are open.
In these days when the entire State is under lockdown to curb the spread of COVID-1
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor said that cleanliness is the key to health and urged that cleanliness should be maintained in the homes, public places and the community. the city shall be holy.
He said that the Congress party cannot gather together, to persuade or to provide for and please its own leaders when they decide to join the NPP so they should not blame other parties.
Other Union Ministers who attended the function included DoNER Minister of State for Child Development BL Verma, Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Labor and Employment, Rameshwar Teli, all the Government Ministers. Meghalaya who were present along with other Ministers from other states who attended the ceremony.
Samudra Gupta Kashyap said the CBC's Amrit Mahotsavda exhibition on Azadi opens the door for people to see the events during the Indian independence struggle and that they may understand those times.
Speaking on the rapid development of the economy which has created various job opportunities, he spoke about Dhordo which has been awarded the Best Tourism Village award by the United Nations, the Hoysala Temple Complex and the World Heritage Site. Peace Intended.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Director of Health Services, Meghalaya, today said that the state has received nine Thermal Scanners so far. It is not in charge of looking after the people who have left the state in the designated places.
From Laitumkhrah, it will proceed to St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong and St. Dominic Savio's Seminary, Mawlai Parish.
This is the second line letter written by Bah Comingone Ymbon to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in which he said, “I am sending this letter of resignation from my resignation as the Minister in charge of From today, 4th November 2017, I will be appointed by the Department of Power.
He said that the capital of Meghalaya on the roadsides is full of this species of flowering trees and especially the famous Nan Polok.
The village leaders said that after inquiring about the suspension from time to time to open the PHC, it was alleged that some of them had gone to report to the authorities to suspend. Before opening the PHC. As the village officials of Marmain area, they expressed their regret to see that the health center which has been completed has not been opened after the scheduled date. The people of the area need this health center for the benefit of the people.
The leaders said that at present it is not known which shops have a license and which do not have a license because there are no foreign shops without a license yet, so foreigners take advantage and encourage others. to trade illegally without trading license which has caused huge losses to the Council as a whole.
The seizure of sugar intended for smuggling to Bangladesh is the result of the hard work of the BSF in collaboration with the state police on the border with Bangladesh to fight against this smuggling.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah S Marwein, EAC and BDO of Wapung Block.
The President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District, Bah Reebokstar Diengdoh, said that the KSU has lodged a complaint with the Sordar but the Sordar has not done anything. The KSU South Khasi Hills has lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC. The KSU South Khasi Hills has lodged a complaint against the government for the construction of places of worship. The union has requested the CEM to take action against these places of worship. meaning Blei.
“Speaking on the issue of ethical journalism, the Law Minister said that it should be clean, truthful, transparent and empowering to the readers of the news.
He also wrote and composed hundreds of nature songs, patriotic songs and devotional songs.
Shillong, November 20: The Non Gazette Employees Association (NGEA) of GHADC has launched an indefinite strike to demand their salary which has been pending for 32 months.
The Dalmia Bharat Foundation has continued to work for the improvement of income among the residents of the rural areas of the North East.
It was reported in the House that the government has allocated T.8 lakh for the installation of a transformer to replant the electricity posts in Block-5 in Umiam.
The GoC Delhi area will lead the Prime Minister to the ceremony to unfurl the flag of India.
Police, those who rent houses to drug traffickers and house owners can also be involved.
Presidents and members from various units of KSU Mawlai Circle attended the meeting and they too with one mind rely on the leadership of the KSU Mawlai Circle.
The Police Department has launched an investigation to track down the people involved in posting eviction notices on many shops in Sohra and Shella.
The program was celebrated through creative initiatives.
Police on receiving a tip have conducted a search operation and seized an Alto number ML05-K-0 Drugs worth T.5 crore were seized.
These roads are in Sohiong, Kynshi, Pyndengrei as this road is not needed because it connects with Tura.
In this regard, the Government has specially urged them and their families to stay in those places where they are for their own benefit and also for the benefit of the people. state.
During the inspection, it was found that the coal mining factory M/S Nimon Enterprise belongs to Ridalin Law and not to Bah Gigur. They see that they are only the nominees of the party.
Police have arrested the KSU leader from his residence in Jaïaw Laitdom on Saturday afternoon on a case registered at Shella Police Station under Section 302/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Ishan Singh and Sobir Dutta were killed in Ichamati.
West Garo Hills Police said the student was identified as Benio Kent, 24, of NEHU Tura Campus.
In his speech on the budget, the CEM did not specify how much money will go to the departments within the KHADC, but he gave an overall estimate of the revenue and expenditure of the KHADC. will be spent in this fiscal year.2018-2
The Minister also said that farmers and local entrepreneurs should try to produce specialty food products in the North East.
Police have arrested him from Tripura and brought him to Shillong for further investigation.
There are currently 40,000 Antigent Test Kits in the state and 1,60,000 Antigent Test Kits are on the way.
She also spoke on the danger to the Jaidbynriew if the youth follow too closely others and forget their own Khasi language.
The Assistant General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Saturday sent his resignation letter to the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah. faithful to avoid.
Because of the curfew, it has put them in a difficult situation to talk before they meet the government.
In a petition submitted to the Deputy CEM, Bah Rai said that the party wants clarification on how far it has been prepared and when it will be sent to the Governor so that it can be passed into law. .
The dancers who came out of the lympung entered in full dress, while the virgins came out in full dress wearing a pansngiat covered with lasubon, a sign of her responsibility in the the body is longrynieing to the main long woman who is full of herself.
The total number of farmers in India who will benefit from this benefit will be up to 15 crore.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan and the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma also extended their special greetings to the people on this year's Durga Puja.
He said that in relation to other issues, the JAC will submit a petition to the state government departments to express the grievances of the people and will continue to follow up on other development projects in the area. “For the good of the people,” said Bah Najim.
Mumbai, July 16: The first documentary film market was inaugurated at the 18th Mumbai International Film Festival (MIFF) today.
Shillong, November 03: The word TIP is so broad that it covers many ideas which are difficult to express according to the English language.
On the other hand, although the government has allowed foreigners to come to the state for tourism, it has set rules that all foreigners must be tested before entering the state. protect the public from the spread of this disease.
At the same time, he was a leader who had been elected to the Constituent Assembly and was close to the Premier of Assam, Gopinath Bordoloi. Because of the conspiracies of Assam, they did not allow this island and forcibly included the 25 Hima Khasi States under the Sixth Schedule under the rule of Assam.
The Nongpoh Block Congress Committee has elected Mayral Bron Syiem as President, Plielad Tiewsoh as Working President, Opel Lyngdoh as General Secretary and Sency Lyngdoh as Senior Vice President.
These two foreigners were arrested on the 7th of this month, Tuesday, when they confessed to committing the crime.
Speaking to SP News Agency, without giving her name, she said that this happened at 7 pm while they were in Umsherpi.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that with the completion of the Shillong By Pass, Shillong has now received parking space. still looking for options on how to get parking.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Annual Sport Meet 2018 was inaugurated by the SSA LP and UP School Lawbah today with the chief guest.
The ban on coal mining has also affected factories in the state and various sectors such as railways in the country as a whole.
The meeting was led by Bah B.Langbang, BDO, Thadlaskein Block.
He said that nowadays the political system has declined in value because of the leaders who are self-employed and who have taught the people to be self-employed which is against what our ancestors taught us. know man know God and to earn righteousness.
Shillong, November 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said, “I can go or not go to contest the MDC election in the nine MDC constituencies where the party The Congress has won seven constituencies.
On the night of the 13th of this month, unidentified persons set fire to the warehouse of the PWD office in Khliehrait.
He said that if the government banks are converted into private banks, in Meghalaya, the reservation will also be affected. (ST& SC).
Genrous said the state government needs to do something on this issue through the Ministry of Agriculture and regarding the permission of the government 30 people who have applied for permission, on their part without taking any more action because she did not talk about the cows to be slaughtered.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdohka explained about the Aatmanirbhar Bharat activities of the state.
Through a tip-off, BSF troops seized a vehicle carrying 35,000 kilograms of sugarcane while it was coming from Ladrymbai to Kuliang.
The Government is promoting the development of Beti Bachao-Beti Padhao – but it is up to each of us to ensure that our children are not discriminated against and receive a good education.
“This ban on coal mining by the NGT has affected especially those who earn their living by working as day laborers in mining, coal mining and quarrying,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO.
There are 6 such schools in this district which are facing the same problem. There are 6 such schools in this district which are facing the same problem. I am currently inviting applications for the jobs of teachers in these jobs. The application process for four subjects Science, Social Science, Math and English has closed on 30th June and the interview is being prepared for this post. , she said.
The report was directed to be submitted within 15 days.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul also criticized the lack of people to come forward to cast their votes especially in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. They came out to cast their vote.
The CEM of KHADC said that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and Tourism Minister Paul Lyngdoh wants to organize this festival to showcase traditional dances.
: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has expressed its regret over the lack of attention of the Government for the improvement of the National Highway-6 in the Umkiang area. the whole border of Narpuh.
These children have not reached their home in Maw Phanniaw since that day.
In the men's category, Brandon Tariang from East Khasi Hills won the 85 kg category and Mebansan Sangma from South West Khasi Hills won the 85 kg category.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Cabinet on Tuesday decided to set up the State Water Informatics Centre, Meghalaya with the Water Resources Department as the Nodal Department.
The convoy will have to travel from Agartala, Comilla, Dhaka and Jessore in Bangladesh and will end in Kolkatta. to also visit the major battlefields that led to the independence of Bangladesh in
The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) recently elected its office bearers at its General Meeting held at the Multipurpose Hall DC Office Complex, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 32 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: A delegation led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Secretary Federation of Khasi States, and Bah Hamphrey Lyngdoh Ryntathiang, Joint Secretary, from the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, (including the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar, Sirdarship, Dolloi and Nokma ) have met with Shri Mukul Roy, MP Chairman, Trinamool Congress Parliamentary Group in Shillong.
“This High Level will bring about development and not sit idly by.
The same government has already given permission to UCIL to carry out a pre mining project in South West Khasi Hills since 2009 for eight years despite opposition from many sides.
Speaking on the departure of the party's MLAs, he said that friends have left, but better friends have come to the party.
He has also been a producer of Khasi films in the past years and a skilled actor with the SBUK group and in the Khasi Authors' Society he holds the post of Vice President.
Youth President Jersom Shylla, Vice- President Youth Apphira Lamurong, general Secretary Youth Confirm pale, Astt.
Shillong, July 11: The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Bah Reading M. Marwein on July 10, 2021 at the age of
Tens of thousands of Khasi Khara children from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills have come to take part in this special religious festival once a year to thank and thank dem ia the owner of the Creator.
“This is proof of the violence of the police against the rules of human rights,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC. , on the inability of the MPHRC to take a decision to punish those policemen who have been involved in such illegal activities, the MPHRC said that it is time for the government to speak out. This is a death sentence and we must urgently find ways and means to stop these acts of violence in order to regain the trust of all.
Speaking on the occasion, Rangbah Shnong Waiding Ch Marak said that the residents of Nongumbar village do not have Job Cards. to pay for 100 days, they don't have light and water.
During this visit, the Chief Minister met face to face with those households who have received the ring scheme. water to their homes.
Regarding the allegations of rape of women and children in Ichamati, the government has sent an inquiry and the information received is that there is no rape of women. child.
He said the Congress had planned to set up two medical colleges, 20 community colleges and one community college in Mylliem but it failed.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Forum, Bah SL Khyriem. The meeting discussed the issues of coal mining and it was also decided to inform and disseminate information to the public.
The Child Helpline, Integration with ERSS 112, Smart Devices Forensics and the construction of a Resource Center were also inaugurated on the occasion.
“In 2023, the State Government has gone to tied the door of the Supreme Court and the first hearing will be held on the 11th of this month and the case is still pending in the Supreme Court,” he said. added.
The fire broke out on Saturday and the fire was extinguished until Tuesday morning. district to inspect and assist under the rules and regulations of the government.
The Union, which was established in 2019 when Bah HS Shylla was the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has decided to use the tools of the law to pass appropriate laws. to protect the nation.
The union also discussed the issue of providing electricity to Mawlar village, South West Khasi Hills District as although this village which falls under Kensimphlang village has 13 households but has not yet received electricity yet. .
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Education, Bah R Thongni, General Secretary of the union, said that the government has now appointed only 20% of the teachers who have passed. to receive training the remaining are about 80%.
They were identified as Rikran Momin, Sabat Marak, Selbi Arengh, Isaac Sangma, Walman Sangma and Merak K Sangma, who left the GNLA. The arrested from Rongjeng are Pagal Sangma (Balwa), Ninibirth Sangma and Dinesh Ch Marak.
Barun Chakraborty, President of the Drug Dealers Association in the state, said the protest was against the central government's decision to allow web sites to sell drugs online under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act. , 1948 prohibited the sale of medicines without a doctor's prescription.
The tournament was organized by the Karnataka Badminton Association in collaboration with Padukone Sports Management.
“On some of the above points and issues, we urge you to take the same responsibility by trying to stop the government from allowing the entry of foreigners in the name of Highly Skilled Labourers, and to stop What decisions have been taken by the government for the benefit of the people in the area?
Although the District Administration has directed the Dorbar Shnongs to provide shelter for those households whose homes have been completely damaged, these households have been affected by this incident. They were sad and stayed with their family.
Shillong, Lber 02: There are 154 villages in the state which have not yet received electricity. In all 12 districts of the state, there are still villages without electricity.
Shillong, July 13: U Pa,im Ainam Syiem today registered his nomination papers for the Syiem election in the Hima Mylliem. Hills Autonomous District Council.
These schools are Nongshluid Government LP School (established in 1920) and Kenshluid Government LP School which are located in Mawsynram C&RD Block and are villages within walking distance of 2 to hour because there was no light.
The National Education Policy aims to transform the education system to meet the needs of the 21st century by ensuring that all have access to quality education.
All these things were understood by the teachers.
Regarding the kilo cut, the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Commander Shangpliang, said that the Sengkmie has sent more than 16 letters to the Syiem, CEM KHADC, the Metrology Department of the State Government. DC and also to the Deputy Chief Minister, the Minister of Agriculture and also to the Chief Minister.
“Through the inspection of trading license by HITO in Rynjah area, it is surprising to see that KHADC issues Trade License to foreigners through NOC signed by a foreigner who claims to be Rangbah. According to the Act 2007, the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Colony 2007 has been clearly stated that the Rangbah Shnong “It means a Khasi elected by the residents of a village within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, and only a Khasi can be the Rangbah Shnong”.
I would like to express my gratitude to all those working in the health sector who have worked hard physically and mentally to curb this disease and at the same time I request the village authorities to respect them as fighters and not to be with them.
Shillong, June 27: A case has been registered against Phoebi Dale Smith Nongrum, 31, by the Assistant Inspector of Police (A) of Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Regarding the bridges, it was said that as Meghalaya is an earthquake zone, it is not difficult to build these bridges. Fly Over".
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that there are about 1200 residents who live in these two areas which are government land and who have applied for permission to arrange for this so that they can live there. as owners in the area.
We have proteins that can actually fight pathogens within the body.
Therefore, the Hima once again invites and invites the children of the Hynniewtrep Hills to attend this day as a sign of unity and honor to our Khla ka sword U Tirot Singh.
i) that the Government of India shall fulfill the agreements and commitments as signed in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA&AA) dated 17 August 1948 so that this Article and Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 shall appear clearly under Article 370-A of the Constitution of India which will pave the way for the new establishment of the Hima Khasi States within the Federation of Khasi States.
Regarding the demand for the removal of the membership of the 17 MLAs, it is up to the Governor to decide if there is a complaint according to the rules of law.
On the other hand, the KHADC said that to maintain the customs and traditions of the Nongkseh raid, a resident of this area is needed.
Regarding this order, the residents of these two villages have filed a complaint in the court against this order of the government.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023, aims to provide information to the people to achieve full implementation of sanitation schemes.
“said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday issued a warning not to carry more than T.50,000/- to those constituencies where the mid-term MDC elections will be held. on the 13th of November this year.
The spread of the disease has been witnessed every day by the reports received from the government.
The CAA is unfair because it prevents Khasi and Garo from fleeing to India.
Therefore, the HITO has requested the KHADC to take action on this issue so that the youth of the State can earn a living in their own State.
The Seng also requested information on the payment of Royalty, GST, CESS and other payments to be made by coal transporters or coal buyers who have received a Challan/Transit Pass to transport. The coal is owned by the Department of Mining and Geology or Coal India Limited.
“There is a need for a Minimum Support Price (MSP) for agricultural products to increase the income of the farmers,” he said.
Furthermore, the Government has handed over to the District Level Committee to implement the requirements in this regard and quoted the directive, 'to decide on all those who apply for permission for the acceptance or rejection of riewlum syrnot' All those who do not, including those people who are not Khasi parents but who take the jait from their father.
According to a doctor, they have been able to use only 150 litres, the reason for this is because the pipes have not been completed. to deliver oxygen inside the hospital.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills District, Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG, said that police suspect that the runner was committed by the suspects.
If only this, the Government of Hindustan does not know how to think and respect the rights of our people, it is true that it will throw like a pig our kingdoms to Assam.
The outbreak is under control with 6584 active cases.
Saleng won against Agatha Sangma, daughter of (L) Purno Sangma.
At this meeting, it was resolved to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill, NEFIP will support the states demanding ILP and NRC. He also expressed his support for the Mizoram Registration of Household Bill which is an Act to protect the citizenship of foreigners in Mizoram which is currently pending approval by the Governor of Mizoram.
From providing support to the country's athletes to providing state-of-the-art facilities, Khelo India is committed to bringing India to the forefront in all sports.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Allied Health Sciences Institute, Shillong in collaboration with the Medical Mobile Unit (MMU) of the Government of Meghalaya, Bethany Hospital, Bansara Institute of Ophthalmic Sciences, Shillong and Diengiei PHC have organized a conducted a free medical treatment in Nongpathaw village where 372 people have benefited.
Speaking to reporters at the DGP's office, Dr Bishnoi said that 400 grams of heroin, two bikes, a vehicle and money worth T. 5.5 lakh.
The Minister in charge of Electricity James K Sangma has also demanded that Dadengre should be given a district in Garo Hills and the government is sending for a district.
The award for the best restaurant in the state was received by Bah Balawanpynskhem Suting, also known as Bah Richie for the restaurant Aiti Belti Trattoria from Khyndailad, Shillong on 1st July, 2023 in Delhi.
“Whether they are government employees, public leaders or residents, all should unite with confidence.
Dr. Vinod Gondalia said that if the people of the state do not accept this law, it will be a great help in the field of illness. help.
Almost all the leaders of the BJP state unit were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, November 30: Three Bangladeshi smugglers identified as Mamun Miya were arrested by the BSF at Ryngku today.
The security forces believe that this is the act of the HNLC members as the HNLC has called a curfew to protest against the celebration of Republic Day tomorrow.
On 29/01/2018, the Government of Meghalaya has shown its disrespect for the state by digging up land in Khatkasla to build a Police Outpost.
Rajiv Malhotra Project Director NHAI and T. Kamki, Manager (Tech) NHAI today inspected the NH-44 road from Mihmyntdu Jowai to Malidhar. which is related to the construction of the road.
About 25 foreigners from Assam were injured in these two vehicles with the intention of working at the Topcem Cement factory in Jaintia Hills and other parts of Shillong.
He said that as of now, he does not trust the political parties who have turned the nation around. political parties cannot do anything in Delhi.
North Garo Hills is located in Assam.
Other government officials were also present on the occasion.
During the inspection, the Governor directed that efforts should be made to clean up the areas where the landslide has occurred and to look after the protective barriers especially the wells.
On the other hand, the village said that they would like to come and spread the word.
They were identified as Md Mujafal Husian of Raniganj village under Kalmakanda police station, Muhammad Jasim of Kunapur village and Muhammad Suman of Shankel village under Deborah police station.
He said that the State has recognized Bah Standling as a man who has made a great contribution to the Mawlai Constituency and the State as a whole in his leadership of the people for 25 years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: On the opening day of the Synrai Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today, a memorial service was held for the people's leaders in India who have passed away in the past three months. .
The Mission will endeavor to convert Anganwadi Centers into ECD Centers so that they can provide full support to children, including nutrition, educational assistance for their development. that they may have a strong mind and know what they should do in relation to others and in relation to their feelings.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Congress party in Garo Hills has started to collapse after Dhormonat Ch Sangma, MDC from Naguapara constituency, who won the Congress ticket, has now joined the National People's Party (NPP). NPP).
Through the emphasis on self-employment, those working in India's science and research fields have been encouraged.
He said that during the meeting with the DCs, they were informed that there is a scheme of the central government known as the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana. The PHH and AAY cards will also be for three months from the Ujala program to provide free electricity to the recipients of this scheme for three months.
He said that it takes about 10 years to implement the requirements to ensure that the implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya will be smooth and efficient.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh today announced that the Umsohlait Police Station will be inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on the 6th of March. months to come.
The workers of the Mawryngkneng Constituency have complained to the MLA and MDC Bah Pyniaid Syiem about this issue as it has affected their work.
The general secretary of the JCMA said that the reason why they lodged a complaint with the police is that on the day when the people who claimed to be members of the FKJGP did not listen to the FKJGP. Instead of talking, they ban the operation of factories and vehicles carrying dewbilat, but if the FKJGP is quick to come to the talks, they are quick to drop the FIR. .(SP News)].
This is to bring the powers of the government closer to the people.
On the other hand, the Member of Parliament of the Tibetan government, who is currently in hiding, said that what China says regarding Tibet is a lie.
The meeting was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong. On the occasion, the Women's Wing of HANM was confirmed. I am the founder of Bah R.jyrwa.
Shillong, November 09: The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has been held in the state with the aim of ensuring the delivery of government schemes to all.
For more information please contact: 8256925166/9
The government authorities are still struggling to bring Dajied back to his country as soon as possible.
Shillong, November 28" The Ministry of AYUSH, Shillong, on Tuesday held a One-day Regional Seminar cum Workshop on the 27th November, The seminar will be held at the Institute Campus, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong from 9 am to 6 pm.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: A total of 942 policemen from different states have been awarded the Police Medal during the celebration of Independence Day
Prime Minister Duh referred to the international recognition of the G20 Summit Presidency where each state has shown its strength for the country.
In connection with this medical camp, some doctors have come to work free of charge but have come to help treat children with illnesses and this medical camp has been held every month. on the first day of the month.
He said that the government is still waiting for the list but they have received a letter from the HNLC to withdraw from the talks. .
The appointment of two Symbut Myntri Rangbah is a clear news for all the districts and regions. Regarding the appointment of government ministers, the Chief Minister said that this will be announced. public between 24 hours or within 48 hours.
MEPA President RM Shabong, who is also the Editor and Publisher of Rupang, said that there is a difference in the distribution of announcements by the government in many newspapers. of state are different from national news.
The tar pynjot or pynkad, in English means –, but the Tar Kpong to look at the signs of the shin on the tor according to the khan of the priest, means in English.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh, popularly known as Bah Baia, has decided to contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections from Mawhati Constituency.
As a Khasi woman, I condemn those kinds of behaviour.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the police for searching for the members of the party as if they were searching for the insurgents. 25 people are currently in custody.
Regarding the training in the field of computers in Shillong, the company has trained 5460 youths at its training center at Quinton Road.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, has denied the claims of party MLA AL Hek by admitting that he had a talk with the TMC MLAs. At the same time, Mawrie said the party will issue a directive that MLAs or Ministers cannot speak on party affairs.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Art of Living has held its sixth women's conference at its headquarters in Bangalore, India.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Sanbor Shullai, Leader of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Meghalaya, will be elected as the Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. According to sources, there has been an agreement between the Congress leaders of the state and the NCP in which they have approved the election of Bah Shullai as the Deputy Speaker of the state. which election for this position will be held on June 18, 2013.
Due to the lack of attention of the government, the illegal immigrants have not been employed.
As the union expects, especially those who hold the law, the police department in a place where it doesn't enforce its actions is still stirring up and intimidating the people.
It is learned that the district authorities have now requested the government to provide T.73 lakh to those who have not yet received assistance.
KSU leader Leningrad Tariang said that they will not hesitate to protect their fellow citizens in any way if the Karbi community fights to destroy their fellow citizens living in Block I. The mountains are not intended to discriminate against the ethnic groups but the mountains are to know the problems they face wherever they are.
He said that through this trade fair, it is understood that the export of goods to Bangladesh is not only for stone and coal, but also for agricultural products. you have a license.
The full office bearers will be elected at the core committee meeting to be held soon in Shillong.
He said that if the EC does not issue the FIR, they will not be able to sit down and talk, but what the EC has done is according to the order of the Governor to issue the FIR. The CEM has ordered the Secretary to file an FIR. The MDCs who took part in the meeting on the report submitted by the House Committee are Bah HS Shylla, in his speech. The MDC from Nongkrem said that the former Secretary of KHADC, Bah Welljune Syiemlieh, has replied to the House Committee that he has done all this with the permission of the CEM and EM. and Antonio War.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has proposed three sites to the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to select one of them for the construction of a garbage dump.
To those who have lost their ration cards.
In his speech, Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, an expert, explained the origins of the Khasi people who have lived in these hills for more than a thousand years.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 has risen to 96613, the number of recoveries to 94945 and the death toll to
The President of the Hill Farmer Unions, Commander Shangpliang, while talking to reporters, said that during the meeting with the Chief Minister, they had discussed the issue of recognizing the Special Day of Farmers or which is known as Meghalaya Farmer Day.
The month of October under the theme 'Priority to the deprived' brings a reminder that economic development depends on providing assistance to those who need it most by ensuring that our actions and policies demonstrate it. standing up for universal acceptance and justice.
For the purpose of retraining and training of new skills, the Prime Minister informed that the PM Vishwakarma Yojana links Vishwakarma with modern technology and equipment.
The Administrator was appointed after the former CEM of GHADC resigned without passing the budget for this year. The Prime Minister said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to appoint an administrator on 4th June 2017 to look after the affairs of the GHADC. It also decided to amend certain parts of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules, 2016 by inserting new provisions under rules 24 and 25 and by deleting clause (g).
In the past elections, there has been an announcement banning anyone from carrying more than T.50,000/- tyngka to enter this constituency where the election campaign is ongoing. such order shall remain in force until the end of the day of voting.
The Chief Minister said the government has prepared a scheme with the Government of Alberta, Canada, to assist 5,000 households in agriculture. The scheme will be implemented first in three C&RD Block Umsning, Mylliem and Mawphlang and will be extended to other Block in the coming years.
The EJMCM&OA said that tens of thousands of residents of EJHD will still suffer from the NGT order as the terrible news has started to strike. East Jaintia Hills and when this happens, the unprecedented death toll in Jaintia Hills has started.
This has been witnessed in all schools across India especially in those areas where the small paid are still backward.
Besides, there are also those who criticize the world and those who point fingers and criticize the bad things in society, sometimes just to stir up the people.
The KHADC strongly opposes the attempt of foreigners to take advantage of this method of making Khasi medicines.
Shillong, Lber 27: This is the third day that the people have gathered in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. They have nothing to do.
As it is, the lower classes are violent.
The University will strive to maintain this method of producing results.
Jessica Marwein, a student of S.Ferrendo Secondary School, Sawsymper, is the daughter of Bah Arbiros Lyngdoh and Kong. Marwein is from Kmawanrum.
“We should understand that to be in the civil society, not to promise to distribute tins or schemes, but the first thing they should do is to seek information immediately and that is the road, because we have seen the deterioration of the road".
The Don Bosco Media Network is committed to expanding its reach to the international level.
Attempts to spread misinformation in the media will increase in the coming days and journalists should be vigilant.
They said that they arrested these two men only to investigate whether they were in the area and whether the mobile location was there.
His visit to the Chief Minister today was to inform him that there has been a disruption in the movement of the people due to the presence of CrPF and police in Umlaper and Ummat. The Chief Minister of the State has promised to take action on this issue.
It is alleged that these two laws have been misused by the government authorities.
KSU Namdong Area Unit and members of Namdong Village 'B' have appealed to the government to provide for these shortages especially now that this disease has started spreading in this area. Take action to avoid future problems and if this disease spreads quickly.
He said that it is time for us to think carefully how to improve the country and the nation and it is no longer the time to force who is better than the hands and it is the time for us to unite. to support good causes together.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Two students, one 5 years old and one 40 years old, who were studying in class four at BSF School Umpling, have disappeared from the school. ei that don.
Therefore, the JSU demands that the Transport Department of the State Government should fill in the shortcomings in this office, not to know or take responsibility just to collect revenue from the people.
“Be vigilant and wait for the biggest opportunity to protest against those whom you should protest on the 19th (of this month),” said the VPP MLA.
of Meghalaya to express on many issues regarding the children who should receive full education by discussing the issue of bringing them to health centers and others.
He said that the North East, which is struggling with issues related to identity, language, border and ethnic groups, has experienced the beginning of a new era of peace in the country. these 10 years.
North Koreans cannot make telephone calls abroad because doing so is illegal.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that government jobs alone cannot create jobs. it is one of the lat to get jam.
The Drum Competition was held in 1993 and this is the 28th edition of the Drum Competition. The Drum Competition is now named after Shiv Kumar Agarwal. god.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also announced that he will provide special assistance to Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha through the MLA Scheme of up to T.15 lakh for the construction of classrooms. Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA/MDC, Mawkynrew Constituency has also announced that as part of the efforts to encourage and promote the Science Stream for the students of Class XI & XI, He will also congratulate all the students of Mawkynrew Constituency who have come in 1Division and who have received Distinction. in various subjects in Class-X & Class-XII, he urged all the students to submit all the application forms on or before 30June 2018 and for more detailed information. Please contact Bah Seibor Warbah: 8794706202, Kong Mem: 9862586010, Dengbok Kurkalang: 9862814226, Deimon Pakyntein: 8729979909 and Bah Shngain Syiem
The purpose of this department is to make it easier for the people and to bring peace when they go to get jobs in terms of their job requirements, the goal is to work better and harder. .
The Chief Minister expressed the hope that this will increase the production of agricultural products by the farmers in the rural areas of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today received a tip that a Santro vehicle (AS-06-J-5971) coming from Assam to Khliehriat was stopped at Damcherra.
Shillong, November 09: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 10 in East Garo Hills, 1 in Ribhoi and 1 in Ribhoi. , 218 cases have been reported.
Air Marshal Dilip Kumar Pathak was one of the soldiers who piloted the Kargil War and was awarded the Vayu Sena Medal for his bravery. The soldier was also awarded the Ati Vishist Seva Medal in July
For that reason, he did not mention his name like other MLAs at that time.
On the other hand, the KSU also demanded that the government should provide protection to all the government employees in Garo Hills.
The letter of expulsion of these three MDCs was sent by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Auspicious L Mawphlang on 7th July 2018 and in the letter it was clear that the expulsion will end today. 7March 2018.
During these years he held senior positions in the Army and became a lecturer at the Defense Services Staff College in Wellington.
Shillong, July 05: After many years of waiting for the state government to choose two sites, one at Nonghali and one at Lwai on the highway. to go to Sohiong.
In this attempt to turn to the Secretariat, they had to be allowed to stop by the district authorities while there is still a 144crpc in force in these places which prohibits the gathering of people in these places. .
As the party sees now, the government does not want to take responsibility for all these and wants to avoid spending itself.
The SAM leaders congratulated the Meghalaya Police Shooting Club and the Commandant Assam Regimental Center for giving the shooters the opportunity to practice and prepare themselves at these shooting ranges.
The objective of the Stand-Up India scheme is to promote self-employment among women and ST and SC people. to manufacture goods and provide services by experienced and trained personnel.
A total of 66 personnel have completed the training which was held at the Central Training Institute of Civil Defense and Home Guards at Mawdiangdiang Parade Ground.
The service was concluded with the blessing of the Holy Sacrament by the hands of the Apostolic Nuncio to India, Rev. Leopolda Girelli in the presence of Bishops and priests.
It is learned that the doctor will not take up the post of service at the hospital as the authorities have released him for further training.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla today announced that all the colleges affiliated to the university must implement the National Education Policy, 2020 from April a new class will begin.
Sanjay urged the media to become the spreaders to promote tourism.
In this regard, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang urged the Labor Department to take action so that all these things can go smoothly. The Samla Nongialam said that the Seng will hold a surprise meeting in other parts of the area which will be held Kyllum Lang salonsar in the next few days. We look forward to more and more cooperation in the future because this is the most important issue that affects the life and death of the Jaitbynriew.
On the part of the students, they were delighted with this award. The purpose of this award is to encourage the students to continue to do well in their studies.
According to them, this is the first time that the Chief Minister has come to meet with the market vendors to ask the farmers, to ask the market dwellers and this is a sign of shin. The union expresses its gratitude to the Prime Minister that this market will have a change in the coming days.
Shillong, November 12: SSA teachers under the banner of MSSASA today held a march from Madan Iewrynhep to the Additional Secretariat to demand that the government should pay their salaries. book for five months and arrear for five months.
The Bangladesh Minister was also informed that India will launch an Akashvani Maitree through AIR for Bangladesh in Bengali and this will be inaugurated by the President of India. The purpose of the meeting was to promote relations between the two countries and cultural closeness.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Six persons were killed and 15 others injured when an MTC bus (ML 03-0221) collided with another vehicle at Ringdi River in East Garo Hills District.
The passengers who are often affected by this flood have suffered great pain and sorrow because to avoid the vehicles they have to walk along this flood.
He said the department has already received the DPR and sent it to the government for approval.
Bah PN Syiem said that the MDC of Nongkrem has not yet met him to discuss various schemes.
The body of Bah Marshall was found three days later, on Tuesday at about 4:00 pm by the State Disaster Response Force of the Home Guards and Civil Defense in collaboration with the staff. of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
It may be recalled that Umthlong Village has been declared as a Containment Zone on 17th June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk persons. Contact this village.
Shillong, July 30: Two persons were killed in a collision between a truck and a scooty at Mawlai Bridge this morning.
Synrem said that these people have turned off the electricity.
The Vision Document will be launched in the presence of the Chief Ministers and IT Ministers of the North Eastern States and senior officials of the Union Ministries including DoT and DoNER and officials from the State Governments of the North East. the state is located in the southeast.
On the other hand, the SDO suggested to strengthen this spirit of cooperation in the field of tourism, tourism and many other areas as the Soahra area has many tourists. ways that people can improve their business through collaboration.
The VPP leader said it is a witness that the speeches made by the Minister are warm and aid in the development, encouragement and reconciliation between the ethnic groups and communities in Meghalaya and the injustice to promote harmony among different groups and will affect the well-being of the people.
The length of the signboard was about 40 kilometers from Sohpdok to Nonglum.
The KSU will not be afraid of this threat by the Rangbah (and the VEC) and will seek the truth of his actions in the past years, said the KSU Myntriang Unit.
Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Department of Planning; andMinister of Children in the Ministry of Justice.
“At the request of the Magistrates, the Commissioner and Secretary Transports has requested us to discuss this issue within his office before the union takes any decision,” he said. said Mr. Nonglight.
Once again, let us turn back to the teachings of the lights of nature in order to scheme the past through a complete worldview and to unite with each other in all aspects so that we can once again live. according to the guidelines of the ancients, a unique and sacred nation for the peaceful and prosperous future of our future generations.
At the same time, I congratulate the Lokyukta for postponing this hearing for six months,” said Bah Kronding.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today sent his congratulations to Bah Hame Shaniah Suiam for bringing glory not only to Meghalaya but to India. all by winning the title in the Kura Championship held in Russia.
The party has expressed its support for the public meeting to be held on the 6th of this month and if the meeting will be held according to the decision and voice of the people if in any voice that the people decide.
" He explained the reasons for the country's poor performance in the Olympics.
The increase in salary is 226 percent.
Shillong, November 30: The 161st death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, Shillong, today was marked by the laying of flowers at his statue in Shillong and Golden Synth in Jowai.
Shillong, March 04: The Consultative Committee appointed by the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today completed the Khasi Social Customs (Amendment Bills) Bill The report will be submitted to the Executive Committee in the coming days.
Infections from insects in many cases easily open the way for infection through germs in the air, water and objects that have begun to rot and decay.
Besides competing with others, you should also have a deep understanding of how to run a business,” said Kong Patricia.
The relatives of Bah Kyrmen on Tuesday requested the assistance of the Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Services Department to search for Bah Kyrmen. at 9:00 pm but until now nothing has been found.
Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary, Food Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs, will also serve as Additional Chief Executive Officer of the Invest Meghalaya Authority (IMA) under the Planning and Investment Promotion & Sustainable Development Departments.
Initially, the app was first implemented in South West Garo Hills and through the app it was found that it has increased from 44 percent to 76 percent of poor mothers who go to the health centres. also only in 6 months.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The FKJGP Nongkrem Circle after hearing the complaints of the residents of the area regarding the problems they face from time to time regarding the situation of the authorities. Therefore, to find out the facts, the Seng under the leadership of Samla Wanshan Kharmudai President FKJGP Nongkrem Circle and Samla Wadbor Kharmutee Vice-President FKJGP Nongkrem Circle. 23July 2013 FKJGP has visited Smit P.H.C.FKJGP has found that there are many shortcomings especially the shortage of staff in Smit P.H.C. The staff of the PHC including Doctors and Nurses have struggled to provide the best service but it has not been able to provide full service to the people. residents of Nongkrem area as the population of the area has increased from time to time and this was witnessed by the inspection of the union found that more than 171 residents including from Neighboring villages such as Mawkynrew, Jongksha, Umphyrnai, Laitkot, Nongkrem, Mawlyngad, Mylliem, Mawpynthih and even Sohryngkam Village have turned to Smit PHC for treatment.
Empty Balance.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday held an election for the new office bearers for the term 2023-2
Shillong, July 20: Three MLAs and MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District today met with the leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) to discuss the issue of foreigners entering the district. .
Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang today gathered all the Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities of Mawsynram Constituency and all the officers of the Mawsynram C&RD Block.
One of the jhur traders from Assam has abducted another jhur trader at ISBT on Mawlai Bye Passed Road. The union congratulates the police for arresting these extortionists.
Although the government has not decided when to convene the dorbar, according to the Constitution, the dorbar should be convened within six months.
He said that the party does not want many dangers and incidents to happen from this place which could lead to tragic incidents.
However, on October 12, 2024, his body was recovered from a field about 500 meters from the liquor store.
These small students went to this place to eat.
“The MRSSA has a District Task Force headed by Deputy Commissioners and will include the Village Authorities. Village Council.
The Minister said that his presence at this time was to express his solidarity with his family and all the staff of the hospital. Kumar Commissioner Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said that such an incident can happen anywhere but the most important thing when it happens is to understand.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that a meeting between the teachers and the government to discuss the issues will be held in November this year. year.
In his speech, the President of KSU Ranikor, Samla Marcony Thongni, urged the government authorities in charge of South West Khasi Hills District and also the authorities of the Ranikor Administrative Unit to give recognition to this young woman. came from a region that is still backward in many ways.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he has called a meeting to discuss the state of peace and order and on the issue of corruption they will discuss again at midnight today. On the other hand, the Government shall ensure that the security is sufficient to maintain peace and order.
Shillong, Naitung 24: A delegation of the Union of Elders of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, to submit a petition on behalf of the Union of Elders of East Jaintia Hills District, at his office. held at the Secretariat, Shillong, on 23rd July
The goal of the Khasi Seng is to protect the environment and to protect the culture and this is the goal of the Khasi Seng and the first theme that comes from the way of thinking.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Prime Minister of India today held a meeting to discuss the current situation of Covid-19 and the distribution of medicines.
Bah Pdahkasiej said that the health department should not do this without knowing the number of villages within the PHC and as the union knows exactly, these villages are Block II. They are under Mawlasnai PHC. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare does not recognize these 17 villages. Block, PWD, PHE and others and for this reason the union demands that the department should clarify on this name of these villages.
At present, the contest in the MP election is between Purno and Darly.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 so far has risen to 96,240, the total number of recoveries has risen to 94,163 and the death toll has risen to
Jowai, Jymmang 08: The KSU Laskieñ Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the deterioration of the Pasyih-Saphai road, which is also known as the Pasyih-Garampani Road. come.
In Nongstoin, Mairangm, Nongpoh and Umsning, Star Pynshai Lyngdoh from Mawngap and Jose Thongni from Nongstoin performed.
Other speakers at the meeting were Sampath Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary of Agriculture, MN Nampui, Secretary Agriculture and Bah BK Sohliya, Director MIE. Miani D Shira, 53-Ampati Constituency, in her speech to the people, said, “I congratulate the people of Ampati Constituency on this victory in the MLA election”.
“I would like to congratulate all the students of the constituency who have passed well in various grades.
Pretty Kharpyngrope was confirmed as the President of the Women's Wing and Wandashisha Rynjah as the General Secretary.
The Seng will not stop demanding the closure of Abhi Coke Pvt Ltd, said the statement.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pangniang said that in front of a meeting of political parties in the MDA government, which is chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, that the government should now introduce a law on the vacancy.
Police have launched a search operation to arrest him.
The more wrong the way of thinking in religion, customs and traditions, the more our country and nation becomes more and more destructive and free and falls into forty kinds of evils and becomes more destructive and ugly.
Shillong, November 19: The 1917iTEAMS, a project of the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, has won the 4Digital Transformation Awards
He also suggested that the BSF and Police should take action to crack down on smugglers especially Dkhars by checking them especially in places like Dawki and Muktapur as there are many Bangladeshi Dkhars.
Shillong, July 16: The State Executive Committee (SEC) of the National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to contest the upcoming MP elections from the 2-Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
In addition, Mission Indradhanush provides all kinds of medicines to every child in a population of 130 crore.
Parvaj Bhuiya scored the first goal while Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi and Donboklang Lyngdoh scored the other goals.
On the other hand, the UDP has distributed relief goods to the residents of the village as a sign of solidarity on the problems they have faced.
Such people are stupid and should be severely punished because they mislead the people of the area.
Shillong, July 18: The Regional Resource Center (NEIGRIHMS), in collaboration with ERNET India, New Delhi under the support of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has conducted a training on e-Classroom Management. for officers and technical staff of Medical Colleges of the North East.
On this occasion, it was seen that the residents of the villages have gathered to clean up the roads in the villages and this is also part of the cleanliness drive where tourists have started coming because the Meghalaya government has launched the people to come together.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Additional Chief Secretary have discussed the issue with the Chief Secretary of Assam to resolve the issue. this problem.
At the same time, the Minister sent her condolences to the families of those who suffered this tragic incident.
This is the second time that the Cabinet has been held outside Shillong, the first was held in 2019 in Tura.
Hours after the abduction, the robbers telephoned Chauhan's family in Uttar Pradesh and demanded Rs 50 lakh for his release and gave them three days to hand over the money, which ends today.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Sports Shakliar Warjri, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, BFI Secretary General Hemanta Kumar Kalita and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. John F Kharshiing and others. Nine wrestlers from the State have qualified and only two wrestlers have reached the pre-quarterfinals. demonstrate skill in this competition.
Shillong, Naiutung 10: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the office of the District Transport Officer of Eastern West Khasi Hills District at Mariang. The Lamphang has directed the House and the DTO office to look into the speeding of vehicles on the 44-E road. The drivers of the vehicles were drunk and what happened was a tragic incident.
To assist the traders in the transportation of beef cattle, the Ministry of Agriculture, Meghalaya Government has invited applications from the cattle traders for the government to issue Transit Passes to transport cattle from Assam to Meghalaya.
The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has addressed the issue of the needs of the people of the area especially the students who still have a strong reliance on the Digital Online Systems for the progress of their studies through Online Classes.
The committee found that on 22/6/2020, a person named Adhira Rani had gone to threaten another ASHA who had come forward to help the child. A complaint has been lodged against the police but it is surprising that the police have not done anything in this regard and no suspect has been arrested. in this section.
The Chhatak Limestone Importers and Suppliers Group from Bangladesh has requested the exporters from Bangladesh to write to the Central Government of India, Ministry of Finance Department of Revenue New Delhi to open the Beltoli Export Point. The letter was signed by the President of SA Selim Chowdhury. The letter was signed by the President of SA Selim Chowdhury.
The Vice Chancellors said that there is a need to improve the infrastructure of NEHU not only in Tura but in all the places where there are training centers of NEHU and this is the goal. and he went to the house of Tura.
The Eastern Region has opened up a special focus on income-related activities to benefit from the opportunities available for the development of this economy in the region.
This initiative of the Seng Samla is also to help those youths who have become addicted to drugs and who still want to change into a new life.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Police in Ampati today seized three bags of Ganja intended to be sent to Siliguri. which is related to this illegal trade.
As it is now, as a nation, it has spread all over the world.
The HNLC said that the three persons arrested by the Ribhoi Police on charges of demanding money in the name of the HNLC, are residents of Block 2, an area in the Border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Compared to 2014, there was a 76% decrease in jobs in
The Assistant Director of SAI, STC, Shillong, TS Chavhan said that this program is through the initiative of the Sports & Youth Affairs Department of the Union Government to recognize the talents of the sportsmen. children to train them through proper sports facilities and to give them the opportunity to represent India in international tournaments.
Assam Police and Saitsama Police Out Post who arrived at Lapangap to stop the clashes were mere spectators of the shooting between the Karbi and Pnars.
The assistance provided is for the damaged household items. In the past, when this happened, the rules were only to provide food items and these assistance for the reconstruction of the houses were not household items. don't have a rule.
On the other hand, the officer of KHADC in charge of Trading License has been directed not to discuss any matter within the office, as they as employees of KHADC perform their duties according to the rules and regulations of the KHADC. you District.
The information agency immediately went to investigate and found that the company has been working.
The Government will support MNREDA in this regard.
New Delhi, June 04: Progress is now underway in India.
In terms of punishment for the accused, it is very low.
The Chief Minister said that the Government has taken action to monitor this issue and it is under the leadership of the ILP Act. His Government has been able to establish the Directorate of Infiltration, and has decided to appoint up to 39 Labor Inspectors in all 39 C&RD Block.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Congress party has already submitted a letter to the Assembly under Article 179 on how to remove the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Besides these office bearers, the committee has also elected the Chairman of the Districts and Circles.
This was stated by the Minister of Environment and Natural Resources, Prakash Javadekar, while talking to media in Delhi today. state to discuss how to combat the environmental pollution caused by the upcoming garbage dump.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: U Bah Pynwanborlang Khongwir, 21, driver of a commercial vehicle, Shillong, today collided with a tree trunk at 7 mer.
Secy.
He said that these difficulties and trials that the poet faced did not delay him but these became his milestones.
ONGC Ltd will not go to clear the forests to build roads without the knowledge of the state government and without the knowledge of KHADC. Ltd. has been appointed to the umphiang park.
Speaking on the occasion, Education Minister Rakkam A. Sangma said that the Government of Meghalaya has taken the lead in development works and as a state has moved forward.
The study said that in 2019, unsafe drinking water, coupled with lack of sanitation and hygiene, caused the loss of up to 1.4 million people and 74 million DALYs worldwide. .
The BJP leader said that to conduct such free health services to the people is on the orders of the Prime Minister of India to find out whether the health facilities in the rural areas are adequate or not. No.
Modi congratulated the newly employed candidates and their family members at the meeting.
Also present on the occasion were BDO Umsning Block Raja Brahma, President Mawrong Road Area Rangers Union Bah BB Makdoh, Rangbah Shnong Umkei Bah Aibor Lyngdoh, Anganwadi workers, elders of the village and area. that long mother long father.
Condemning the CWC's allegation against the KSU, the HITO said, “While the police have not received any evidence, it is too early to allege that the indigenous people have committed the violence. It is not known whether it may have been done by others to insult the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Rev.HM Marbaniang, Bah PN Syiem and hundreds of participants including young children, Rev.HM Marbaniang, Bah PN Syiem and hundreds of participants took part in this race. the youth and others took part.
Phase III is to provide drinking water to these areas of Shillong, namely zones 7, 11 and
Sangma as Chairman, other members are Candida Kharsyntiew, Felicita L Majaw, Violet Lyngdoh, Susan M Sangma and Linda J Sangma as Secretary.
In addition, special attention has been paid to the Eastern Region by the Central Government.
Shillong, March 03: There are 172 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 106 in West Khasi Hills and 42 in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases is
“Furthermore, it may be noted that the Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit the issuance of ST certificate to an applicant by taking a change of race,” he said. it is from the father or mother and it is also allowed to accept the jait of the husband by a non-Khasi woman.
Shillong, Lber 02: Out of the 60 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, 23 have been defeated in the 2023 MLA elections, 13 from Khasi Hills and 10 from Garo Hills.
The meeting discussed the preparations for the supply of oxygen in all districts and as of now many of the oxygen tanks have been installed near all the districts and perhaps the oxygen tank at Jingal in West Garo. Hills, Umsawli and East Khasi Hills will be able to complete the installation of power lines within the next two months.
Shah said about 50 large ponds should be constructed in the northeast so that the water of the Brahmaputra River can be channeled to these ponds.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today celebrated its 68th Anniversary.
The purpose of this seed exhibition is also for the participants to sell their seeds to the people who go to the market if they want to buy and it is also a meeting place. to the brothers who plant the seeds, that they may receive the seeds of each other.
Central Government guidelines on the prevention of COVID-19, The Central Government's guidelines will continue to be followed throughout the country regarding the prevention of COVID-1 you are separated from each other.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metabah Lyngdoh MLA of this constituency and who is also in the state government, said that the government will introduce a policy in education to provide quality education to the people. state.
Police are investigating the cause of the accident.
The cleaning of the road near the market was carried out in collaboration with the parent village councils of Mawkhar, Wahthapbroo, Umsohsun, Qualapaty, Garkhana and Lama Villa.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the person who tested positive for COVID-19 was on his way from Assam to take over the post of Branch Manager of SBI branch in Khliehriat.
The number of cases by district is East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 36, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 4, West Garo Hills day of East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, it has expressed a serious mistake on the part of the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister who have announced that there is no CEM in KHADC. if it belongs to the same Party, and that is not a law, because it is a written law [20 (1) or 22 (2)]
Now it is our pride that we have been able to control the price increase.
There are 411 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 136 from East Garo Hills and 148 from East Garo Hills. 54356 people so far.
In the past 24 hours, 19,870 COVID-19 patients have recovered and been discharged from hospitals.
The HCLTech Symposium 2024 aims to promote the HCLTech Grant among various NGOs.
On the other hand, the KSU said it is regrettable that the government has not done anything on this demand.
In the past 10 years, the party has faced many difficulties especially because it is outside the Bri U Hynniewtrep and has to fight against other ethnic groups who want to destroy and insult the Khasi people.
On the other hand, the ADE has admitted that it has received accurate information that there has been a patta issued to 15 non-tribals in Iew Tura. and they are Swapan Rishi, Arun Rishi, Otish Rishi, Govinda Rishi, Lal Mohan Rishi, Jumbura Rishi, Nironjon Rishi, Amarswer Rishi, Siben Rishi, Gogal Rishi, Sudangshu Rishi, the Dilu Rishi and the Mongol Rishi are all of the same race.
The Air Marshal flew 42 types of aircraft.
Speaking to media, he said the purpose of the meeting was to ensure that the traders should not set up the beverages and if found, those who hide the beverages should be punished.
In the semifinal match between Wahsynon and Friend United from Old Jirang, Wahsynon beat Friend United 5-1
It is only this government that leads the teachers at various levels.
On the other hand, the BSF said that many times they have to fight against these illegal cattle traders.
He said the NEC could prepare a proposal to introduce funding sources for the development of these residential areas where the Government could leave the interest of the debts by the owners of the residential areas.
After being released, these people were given medicines and food and drink.
According to the Act, the government has to set up gates to check the entry and exit of people from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Seng Khasi Lower and Upper Primary School Mairang today celebrated its 40th Anniversary. school as you go with others.
On the other hand, the party will go to the High Court to request a CBI inquiry to find out the facts.
There are 44 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 27 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 4 people.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Development Forum (MLMDF) was formed at a meeting held today under the chairmanship of Shiladitya Deb.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The KSU Laban today issued a strong warning not to release all drug traffickers in Shillong.
In another match, Mizoram beat Nagaland by 10 goals to 0. In the second match, Mizoram beat Manipur by 9-2 goals.
“Our survey is for more than 80% of smallholder farmers who are very important to us," said Minister Duh.
“He said that through RTIs, it has been revealed that there have been many errors in the implementation of central government schemes.
All of them said that the media has really served for the purpose of providing information to the people.
He said that the youth need a strong foundation so that they can be an example to become leaders in the future.
HPF Ri Bhoi District has donated 100 kilos of rice and 25 kg of sugar to a household in Umktieh Ningshiliang (Umroi) Ri Bhoi District. Edwin Marva's house has been destroyed since the 1st of this year.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this policy is similar to the North East Industrial Policy introduced recently by the Government of India.
The Chief Minister said that the state will be free from the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to a government statement sent today, the prohibited items include shatri, cigarettes, lighters, knives, bottled water, wooden sticks and others. The Prime Minister of the country will hold a public meeting tomorrow morning at Polo Ground.
IIM Shillong has launched MBA and PhD programs for people who have worked to improve education, improve employment opportunities for students, introduce innovations and bring about economic growth. par in the educational and workplace environment.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the Meghalaya Street Vendors Scheme 2023, through which the safety of street vendors and street vendors will be ensured. At the same time, it shall be ensured that the vendors shall not disturb the pedestrians, the vehicles, the footpaths.
“Although it is the right of the people to hold a protest, but to hold a peaceful protest at such a time can increase and create ethnic discrimination in our area,” he said. state.
If we delay, many will be affected and therefore the recruitment should go for the benefit of the youth to get jobs, while the discussion and consideration of the Committees is ongoing on the Reservation Policy. and the Roster is a continuous process and it is important to know where we are on the roster today.
This is not just imaginary.
On the other hand, the BSF found that the price of beef in Bangladesh is very high compared to the price sold in Meghalaya.
The media tour was led by Jaydevi Pujari Swami, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai with the support of PIB Shillong, PIB Guwahati and DDK Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, CoMSO President Robert June Kharjahrin, Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations, told SP News Agency that the CoMSO will take part in the event. meeting to voice opposition.
Shillong, Nailar 29:The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the mismanagement of the MDA government and has condemned the government for wasting the money of the people through the central scheme. payment of funds for the works completed by the Dorbar Shnongs such as the construction of solid and liquid waste management or garbage dumps in the villages.
The selection process for the personal interview on the 12th of this month was conducted with the help of machines. in which all that they do is put in the bui.
Until today, we all register our land only in the office of the Dorbar U Syiem.
The meeting scheduled to be held today has been postponed. They have discussed only the joint cadres, this is the meeting which they usually hold once a year.
The Government of India has developed a clear mechanism for the distribution and delivery of all relief goods received in the country.
Shillong, July 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the budget for the year 2020-2021 amounting to T.243.72 crore without any discussion in all the departments. within the District Council.
Jowai, Naitung 02: The KSU Sonapyrdi Unit has requested the CAG not to trust the report of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board on the state pollution control board. in Wah Lukha is due to the acid flow of coal mining.
As a sign of encouragement, the MSOA is ready to give special prizes to those over 50 and 60 years of age for those who can complete the 21k race.
In this incident, the rear tires of the vehicle were burnt and the front wheel was damaged. Police are investigating the incident.
He said this during a meeting of the KSU South West Khasi Hills on 28.10.2020 at his office in Shillong.
Bah W.Pdang said that he has received many ideas to benefit the people living in Barak Valley, Assam when there are such programs especially for the small farmers living in the northern Barak Valley. , Assam.
The commission's investigation is into the cause of the death of Bah Cheristerfield. The investigation is in two parts. or light.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers of Bishnapur area today closed all their shops as a sign of mourning over the death of Das, the owner of the shop in the area.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongmynsong, Bah Phrang Warjri, on Tuesday said that the Dorbar Shnong Nongmynsong has received another garbage truck after 20 years. to use the village.
Furthermore, the ATM in Umsning has not been able to provide full service to the public and has affected the people who come from far away who have to spend the fare but find advertisements that the ATMs are not working.
On this occasion, the Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit, also congratulated all those who organized this happy and joyful day. it is the largest in the state.
When they looked, we found that if this work cannot be repaired, it will put at risk the neighboring households because the money has been lost and the foundation of this mobile phone tower is no longer strong. .
At the same time, the Minister said that the Government has set a target to install covered wires in areas where electricity theft is high. electricity theft, will be installed with wires to reduce the loss,” he added.
However, it was found that in the past sessions, the Governor has delivered speeches in Hindi, which has caused dissatisfaction among the leaders who do not understand Hindi and to suggest that “In this regard, on behalf of the Voice of the People Party, I respectfully inform you that the meeting of the The Parliamentary Party held on the 30th July, 2023, requests you that the speech of the Governor should be written in English and if the Honorable Governor cannot deliver a speech in English, your office may appoint an interpreter for the entirety of his speech for the convenience of all," said the VPP. comprehensible to all representatives, we will uphold the principles of transparency, equality and successful rule of law.
Shillong, November 01: Talks between the state government, the central government and the leaders of the ANVC and ANVC (B) were held in Shillong on Tuesday to pursue the peace process. This discussion is to follow up on what was signed earlier.
During the visit, the Prime Minister and the Minister of Road Construction congratulated the people and wished them a happy and smooth Durga Puja. .
There are three teachers for one subject for subjects with Honors and three teachers for subjects without Honors.
The Minister of State for External Affairs and Education, Dr.Rajkumar Ranjan Singh is also seen.
The Prime Minister said that what the government is doing is right to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state and these people who are organizing these protests also understand what they are doing. of the government doing the right thing.
At first glance, that statement of theirs seemed to be a joke and a joke, but as time went by, it became true and right.
No one was injured in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: A petrol bomb has exploded at a shop in Stanjeep at 7.30 pm this morning. The explosion occurred at around 7.30 pm this morning. The fire extinguisher was able to extinguish the fire and this saved the lives of the victims.
The Catholic Church has also identified three issues to oppose the implementation of the UCC in the country.
The four-member committee has been directed to look into the post in Meghalaya and will submit its recommendation to the party within 15 days from the date of issuance of the announcement. from the party.
The Minister explained that the Central Agricultural University must be passed by a law in the Parliament of India.
Shillong, November 08: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the volunteers, on Tuesday said that he wants to express his concern about the deterioration of the road which has caused a lot of trouble among the residents who need to pass through the road. Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram to Balat roads.
In a petition signed by the President, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, the union demanded an explanation why the post of Diet Clerk has not been appointed yet despite the results of the Written Test Examination and Typing Speed ​​Examination. Four indigenous people have been found to have passed these two examinations.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Union of Village Authorities of Kabri Hynniewtrep, after meeting to discuss the incident of Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew, has sent its condolences to the family and friends of Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew. as well as the Mawlai Dorbar Shnong.
Finally, the JYF sends its condolences to the family of this elderly man and through this statement the JYF is ready to lend its right hand and left hand for the JYF if needed at any time.
The investigation revealed that they were employees of the Dhars and had received a pass to return to their villages and the vehicles to transport them had a pass of Jaintia Hills District.
He said that out of the 146 newspapers published in Meghalaya, only 7-8 newspapers remain and these could disappear if the Government continues to rule.
In his speech, the president of Sein Jaintia, Bah Toki Blah, said that the party was founded in 1947 and the old building has provided a great service to the people for the students who came from the country. The old house has two badminton courts and this place will now also be used as a badminton training centre.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government will provide assistance as much as possible.
May his soul rest in peace, said Minimon Laloo General Secretary of the party.
Nurses who have worked for many years know well what they are doing whether it is in ICU or OT, to say the education they know only what they have studied to include both GNM and BSc Nursing doesn't fall apart.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: One of the families in Lakadong village, Iooksi area, West Jaintia Hills District has lost their house due to a terrible fire. .
On 25th November 2012 he was elected as the 13th President of India. Because he was a great man, he was awarded the Bharat Ratna
The award was presented by Rockybul Hussain, Minister in charge of Forest Department, Govt.
Prestone Symbut, Minister of State for Agriculture, said that in those villages where pigs died which the government will declare as Containment Zones, slaughter of pigs has been banned. and to bring pork.
When the MLA of Rambrai wanted to know whether the state government has a map of the state, Dr Laloo said that the government has a map and he will the map shall be sent to the office of the Speaker of the House.
Meena told us what happened with great heartache. She said that her son was beaten until he stopped and his neck was broken and his shoulder was broken.
Charles Pyngrope said that the remaining candidates will be announced in the coming days.
Also present on the occasion were officers from NERCORMP, the central government department which implements the market.
He said that the union had already met with the minister last year and he promised to implement the demands because it is a matter that affects the people but so far the minister has not responded. For this reason, the union has sent back this letter and given time to the minister to take action within the 30th of this month.
Until now, it is not easy to prove that he is involved in that part.
The Deputy Commissioner said that those seriously injured have been taken to NEIGRIHMS and others are being treated at Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital in Mairang. night.
MeECL has immediately sent its employees on Friday morning to investigate the facts after receiving a complaint from the KSU. that some households from one meter provide electricity to 14 households, others provide electricity to 4-5 households and so on.
Police conducted a raid on the residences of the leaders of the group and seized necessary items, mobile phones including necessary documents.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has promised to take action to address the problems of the traders.
Furthermore, the 75th anniversary of the Constitution has also given us all the strength.
During the meeting, they also presented a letter regarding the smuggling of cattle and sheep from the state to Bangladesh which the union recently seized at Mawryngkeng.
The Minister of Forests said that Chyrmang village in Amlarem constituency in West Jaintia Hills District is an example of conservation of flowers and wildlife.
It is surprising and sad that for 71 years (1948-2019) while on the one hand the District Councils have been allocated special sections under the 6th Schedule but on the other hand there has been no allocation. the status, powers, limits, jurisdiction and jurisdiction of the Government of the Federation of Khasi States, under the Constitution of India.
Kalapahar village borders Rajai village on the border with Bangladesh and it is said that these elephants who have entered these villages to eat have come from Bangladesh.
“Only those who are on the opposite side of the Sordar receive government schemes and other benefits,” he said. We have received the EPIC after we have verified ourselves before the Deputy Commissioner through the Syrnod which we have received from the Sordar.
Police have taken the body to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
It is the Khasi Hills District Autonomous Establishment Management and Control of Market 2nd Amendment, Regulation act 2021.
Short-term responses –III –.
Shillong, Lber 28: The residents of Gumaghat area in South West Khasi Hills District, which has 12 villages, have faced difficulties in traveling across the river. Queens.
Shelkitbok recalled that the KSU has declared a war against drugs which has become a major threat to the entire nation.
The union said that it has received information that there are more than 120 people who are still living in Kolkata because they have been living without assistance. They have completed their Skills Development and Training Centers and have expressed their desire to return to their country.
The Governor also presented the Tirot Singh Award 2024 for Arts and Culture to Risingbor Kurkalang and the Pa Togan N Sangma Award 2024 for Social Service to Dr. Delphine. Gare Momin and the Kiang Nangbah Award 2024 in Sports to Phrangki Buam.
The KSU demands that the government should stop these 30 trucks from carrying coal.
At present, the Election Department of Meghalaya is preparing for the elections and the training of the officers to conduct the polling stations is ongoing.
It is also a time when the candidate still has a spirit of love, respect and affection for the people.
The question to the government is whether the government has taken action or implemented the demands of the people.
On the other hand, the Colonel urged all the youth and parents not to be deceived by selfish people who say that they can kill in the army.
Chairman of KHADC Bah Lamphrang Blah and Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem sent their condolences to his wife, children and relatives. Bah Teiñ.
When contacted by phone, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that he too has received this information but he cannot say whether it is true or not as he has not received a letter yet.
Bah Pynbiang Syiem, of the HSPDP, said that he is happy to see the MDC of the HSPDP in this seat.
Most of those who have been healed are today.
Hundreds of people from the citizens and others have arrived in Guwahati to pick up the body of the Archbishop from Guwahati Airport and tonight it will arrive in Shillong. He was buried at his mother's house in Mawlai.
Although he has tried to resign from this post, the people still trust him to become the Rangbah Shnong.
At the same time, he expressed his regret to see that many of the youth of today do not speak their own language even though their parents are Kahsi.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the newly elected MLAs expressed their satisfaction that there will be such a training on how to participate in the House as there are many rules and regulations. This visit of people from Parliament to teach will be of great benefit.
This has angered the residents, the management and the police who were present at the scene have been forced to arrest the residents and disperse them from the scene. Police had to use tear gas to shoot.
“There have been people who have informed me as an MLA to express these demands before the Government and I also request the Minister of Electricity to accept this proposal as the postponement of the day will be only from the for a day," he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today appeared before the police. in which the people were beaten up on the day of the march.
Speaking to reporters, East Khasi Hills Police Chief M Kharkrang said that all these 12 persons are close relatives.
In 2001, he attended the vocation camp and decided to study at St Xavier Minor Seminary and completed his matriculation. Philosophy from Christ King College and Regency from Umkandhor Parish.
On the 17th March 2022, all the contract employees of MeECL from Meghalaya will take leave to take part in the march from Lumjignshai. the highest office to the office of the Power House to the Secretariat.
On the other hand , Bah Latiplang MDC of KHADC said that the Village Council has something behind it The border is not even the place where many other nations live.
The BSF, despite the stone throwing, has not hesitated to fight against this smuggling and has been able to stop the smugglers on the border with Bangladesh.
All the injured were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
The film is directed by Chidananda S Naik, shot by Suraj Thakur, edited by Manoj V and soundtracked by Abhishek Kadam.
The loss of electricity on the road is up to 30 MW which the government has to pay.
In Shillong, the fair for the distribution of appointment letters in Union departments was attended by Union Law Minister Kiren Rijiju at the Polo parking lot.
Like section 64(a) it provides a way for drug addicts to escape from the clutches of the law.
Dr S Kalyani, Medical Superintendent, AIIMS Bibinagar, Telangana, congratulated the Central and State Governments for immediately bringing the relief to the hospital.
He was charged under Section 295-C of the Pakistan Penal Code for blasphemy. Gulistan and Yasir, the drivers, filed a complaint against him at Komila Police Station.
This is according to a statement sent by KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Macdonald Jitem.
In her speech, Bhoumik said that the Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has implemented several schemes for the welfare of those with disabilities in country.
This is an opportunity to serve the students of our area through the training of students to train themselves to write the CUET Exam which will be conducted by the NTA which is the main exam before the students of we will enter the higher ranks of academics.
More than 1000 members of the union took part in the rally to demand that the government should introduce a policy of 80 percent employment in companies in the state. Meghalaya is one of the three states.
It is only because the Government has not been able to implement strong laws and regulations that can punish all the criminals in the state.
“Speaking at the Convocation on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of Jamia Millia Islamia in Vigiyan Bhawan today, the Vice President said that differences of opinion are part of democracy, but the turning of differences into conflict is a curse. for the public administration.
Since 1947, 34,844 policemen have sacrificed their lives to protect the country and this year 424 policemen have lost their lives. He lost his life in the fight against insurgency in Kashmir, Punjab, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and areas where there are left wing extremists.
The Chief Minister said that the government has strengthened the staff at the site as at present the site has to be guarded 27X7, because those who come at 10 pm, 2 pm in the morning, the workers have to be there.
If she doesn't dare to expose the cheaters, be thankful.
The purpose of the Grassroot Tyrko competition is to raise funds to support those women who have been raped but due to their poverty they cannot afford to do so. pay the ransom many times they hear what happens to them.
On this occasion, Charles Marngar MLA of the Congress from Mawhati constituency added that the Meghalaya Congress Committee strongly opposes the action of the BJP government. Rahul Gandhi's statement is an act of violence, why question the incompetence of the government is no longer, this is that democracy in India has been destroyed.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited West Garo Hills which has been affected by the floods in the past few days. Roads in the state have been damaged.
The Minister of Manad Village, Bah K.Shylla also gave a greeting and blessing.
This was done through two orders – one for 20 YouTube channels which it has ordered YouTube, and the other order for 2 websites where it has urged the Telecom Department to send internet providers to block these sites.
Pranab Mukherjee today, 31st July, at the Army Research & Referral Hospital, New Delhi.
For more information please call 9366958517/ 7005145699 and
To what extent the Government of Meghalaya has been prepared in this regard we do not know; Therefore, I feel that the Government of Meghalaya should have provided all the necessary safety measures and trained nurses.
The passing away of this man has brought a great loss to the family and the constituency as a whole.
Regarding non-food shops, shops are allowed to open seven days a week and should close at 6.30 pm, while restaurants, shops The shops will be closed until 8.00 pm.
Besides the offices of the Revenue Department, the purpose of these GST Mobile Squads is to improve the revenue collection system and to ensure that the revenue does not escape from the hands of the GST Mobile Squad. government.
“The four organizations and the people of East Jaintia Hills have already announced that they will not be responsible for any exploitation by criminals during the curfew hours.
Regarding this complaint, no one has believed it. The quarrying is still going on. The union urges the authorities in charge of this complaint and also the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to Therefore, the Seng will have to take other measures to force the government to do what is necessary.
On the other hand, those on the side of Bah DD Lapang want to elect Bah OL Nongtdu or Bah Charles Pyngrope. One of the groups with the Leader of the CLP wants to send Bah John F Kharshiing.
The JSU expresses its deep sorrow and condolences to the Fire Service Jowai Station which is the department that provides assistance to the people during the fire which lasted for more than 10 hours. It is only from Jowai which is about 12 km away.
The awards were given in three categories, Toppers, Best Projects and Best Personalities.
It was decided that there will be a meeting between the Chief Secretaries to resolve the issues and to reach an agreement which will be accepted by both sides.
On this occasion, the Social Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya has honored the women who have made a name for themselves by receiving awards for their achievements in various fields as women.
Six people have died today, four from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
So far, the total number of vaccinated persons aged 18 years and above in the state has risen to 16,44,581 and this is more than 50% of the total number of vaccinated persons in the state. whole.
Speaking on the occasion, Union Health Minister JP Nadda said the government has set a target of reaching 2.53 crore children in the country and 68 lakh. they are mothers who are still poor.
In his speech, John F Kharshiing, President of the MBA, said that 105 athletes have arrived in Nongpoh to take part in the tournament, of which 75 are men and 30 are women.
The meeting was conducted by Charles Mangar and short speeches were delivered by the President Daminot Sylliang, Otril Pamshong, Blik Sohtun, Aibor Lyngdoh and Santi Jyrwa.
During the meeting, Bah PN Syiem CEM and Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh Em, who is in charge of land, promised the KSU that the office will not give permission and told them. KSU leader said that the office has issued a public notice that there will be no purchase or sale without the permission of the District Council.
The Seng urges the State Government to look into this matter and urges that from now on NEIGHRIMS should conduct its own examination and not just hand it over to others.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) today held a meeting at Mawiong butcher shop today decided to continue the ban on cow slaughter. they have not received their request.
: A truck carrying iit (TN 52-F-5863) has rolled off the road into the ground floor of a house in Mawblei village on Tuesday morning.
Speaking after the end of the games, Bah Titus Chyne MLA of Sohra Constituency, said, “Sport is not only a sport but also a sport. Another way to get employment for the youth especially in these days of unemployment, especially if you apply for jobs such as the Army and Police will ask for these certificates, and another will also free you from the burden. bad".
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa, Im Ainam Manik Syiem and Ministers in the presence of the CEM of KHADC and EMs, he said that all the ethnic groups have not been able to receive effective support through central government schemes.
The review of nomination papers will be held on March 1 and the last day to withdraw from the competition will be on March 3 next month.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister announced that the government should provide food and drink to the people for 45 days until they can return to their homes in case of emergency. this shlei is not gone.
Jowai, July 20: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Sengkmie, after receiving a request from the four organizations AJYWO, KSU-JHDU, FKJGP-KC and HNYF-EJZ, has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. to protest against the government for not listening to their demand for the repair of the NH 44, from Wah Mynsoo West Jaintia Hills to Malidor East Jaintia Hills. .
We also oppose the Government of Meghalaya for its silence on the lack of security (such as the Police Outpost at Psiar, Mukroh) and the delay in giving a firm response for the introduction of Block 1(ne). Ohibait Dkhar, Vice President of KSU JHDU. Through this statement, KSU JHDU also warns against the brokers of Karbi smugglers and smugglers. who are our fellow citizens, who are trying to mislead and insult the Khasi people living in Block 1 (or Labang Nangphyllut/Pangam Raliang District).
This was exactly the same as used within Medical Colleges or other higher education institutions.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Returning Officer of the 24th Pariong-Mawthadraishan District Council on the 22nd of this month has rejected the electoral roll of two villages. Two villages, Phyllut and Mawkhan Wahkhwang, which fall under the 40-Marngor Polling Station in the 24-Pariong-Mawthadraishan District Council Constituency, have been declared not on the electoral roll.
In order to conduct the testing smoothly, the States/UTs have been advised to initiate campaign mode measures by opening camps/using mobile vans in areas where to collect samples of all asymptomatic persons as well as those who have been in contact with them, and to test those samples using a rapid antigen test.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Police Department and the Social Welfare Department have worked together to curb drug abuse and trafficking in the state.
The program will also be attended by famous singer Lily Sawian, DJ Dbryn and Bellas.
In the final of the featherweight 54-57kg, Services defeated Railways to win the gold medal.
This will help in the training of the youth and will be able to train about 6400 youth per annum.
Regarding the assault on one of the tourist taxi drivers from Meghalaya by the passengers at Guwahati airport on Saturday, the union has lodged a complaint with the Assam authorities. and also to the Government of Meghalaya.
Now we have released them from all these things.
Dubey said the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi is one of the examples of Prime Minister Duh's commitment to the welfare of farmers and recalled the time when the scheme was launched. by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2019 and how this has provided assistance to more than 11 crore farmers in the first phase alone.
Shillong, November 18: Ka TULBA today celebrated Christmas in Nongstoin by donating to the poor people in the area as a donation during this festive season.
The closure of pharmacies was carried out across India.
It is to be recalled that the demand for a Lokayukta in the state has been going on for several years and among those who spoke out on this issue was Bah Michael Syiem, leader of the Maitshphang Movement. it shall be in accordance with the Lokpal Act of the Government.
In East Khasi Hills District, the number of births in hospitals has increased slowly to 78%.
It is what brings closeness," Modi said.
Shillong, November 16: U Bah ED Nongsiang President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit Teachers Association (MRDTA) on Tuesday said that if the government does not provide the pension in 2024, the pension of the deficit teachers who have left their villages will not be paid. I went out into the streets to protest.
LP School was sworn in by Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang Chief Organizer of FKJGP Sengkmie Shillong who is also in charge of Jaintia Hills.
More or less, there are about six more amendments to the Sixth Schedule.
The Chief Minister explained in detail about the FOCUS scheme, which also distributed assistance to 53832 people worth T.26.91 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Ka KHNAM has condemned the attempt of the Central Government to amend the Citizenship Act 1955, which is an attempt by the BJP to introduce religious discrimination in India, which is against the Constitution of the country. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 is just a ploy by the BJP to promote the party for the elections. Its Election Manifesto in 2104 before the MP elections, and in this Manifesto it states that India will be the permanent home of all Hindus abroad, which means others. Religions have no right to belong to India.
These khams designed for use in sword fighting as a color game are shorter than the knives used for shooting spears which are used by the public in rang biria.
New Delhi, June 03: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a meeting with all the States and UTs to review the state of peace and order, prevention of illegal activities.
Tomorrow morning, the distribution of medicines will be held in Bangladesh to provide medicines to the people of Bangladesh.
The Dorbar Shnong also sends its best wishes to all the 6 students to do well in their examinations, so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
According to the reply I received through the RTI Act 2005, through the PIO of GAD (A) it was said that the toilet should be for public use.
On the same day, the leaders of the HYC Ribhoi Sepngi Circle also submitted a petition to the Minister of Education on the demand for the implementation of the Patharkhmah Model Degree College.
The aim of the Khelo India Sports School is to link sports with education and in this way, to improve sports in the country and the overall well-being as well as the quality of the athletes.
We have many men and we have few men.
Shillong, July 14: The Nongjri Dorbar Shnong of South West Khasi Hills District has decided not to allow foreigners to trade or sell goods in Nongjri Market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Cabinet meeting today was to discuss one issue related to the Excise Department how to produce more excise. revenue from this government agency.
The Travelers Nest has 5 cottages and a restaurant to cater for the needs of tourists.
These refugees did not return to their country after the war , they became citizens and they frightened the people at that time , Donald said 1.40 crore people come only 15 lakh people what will happen to the nation, the KSU leader urged the people of Kathain and the village officials to be vigilant.
This is at 4.00 pm.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, President Naba Bhattarcharjee and General Secretary JL Das said that they will meet with MeECL officials on the first day of next year. to request not to light up during Durga Puja.
During the raid, BSF personnel from Tikrikilla seized a vehicle at Phutamati and seized Rs 2 lakh from Soyadur Rahman of Goladihli.
A total of 3238 students wrote the examination, of which 1674 were males and 1564 were females.
From a limited survey, it is estimated that more than 50,000 people who came on 7th and 8th November 2016 to Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim, have been attempting to hide them. information was very limited as only five registration tables were set up, and it was found that the number of tables was too low due to the large number of people who arrived and entered the dance floor in front of the house. sad, and it was found that there was a large crowd in attendance in the evening and this posed a problem for registration due to lack of light.
It is for his ability to act as an actor that he was awarded the “Dada Saheb Phalke Award”. ka Ri He said that he sends his condolences to the family of his death and prays that his soul will rest in eternal rest.
Shillong, Nailur 15: After a five-hour discussion in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, the opposition has withdrawn its no confidence motion. The government is led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
However, unfortunately, no reply was received,” said Disparsing. “When you didn't give it, by my knowledge, I got information from Delhi.
To eradicate all these, we need the cooperation of all parties such as the Dorbar Shnong, Seng Samla Shnong, Seng LongKmie so that we can see that the youth of the country will be free from these evil habits. the Nation in these days.
The driver of the vehicle, Bah Tyngshaiñ, 26, resident of Mawblang, Ribhoi District, was shot dead by the driver of the vehicle. He turned off the engine and before reaching the National Highway-44 while trying to turn the key to restart the engine but suddenly the vehicle caught fire.
The SP of South West Garo Hills, R Muthu, confirmed that the presence of insurgents in the district has increased and the police have intensified their search operations against these insurgents.
Only the NPP can come to government, the people are very happy every time they go to meet the MLA, the answer is that they cannot do anything because they are not in the party. Bor, it is this statement of the MLA that has now made the people want their leader who is in power. The entry of the NPP now is that the NPP will come to power.
The State Zoo covers an area of ​​72 acres and the cost of completion of the construction of the zoo is T.35 crore and so far T.21 crore has been spent. visitors to the state.
Prime Minister Duh said that in the past nine years, the Government has worked hard to improve the quality of life in terms of health facilities and health workers in the country.
The principal said that the school as a whole is sorry for the incorrect printing of the name of Mawlai village because this mistake has affected the school and the village as a whole. He also informed that the school has taken action and that this should not happen again in the future.
At present , South West Khasi Hills District has only two C&RD Block , Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block to Mawkyrwat or Ranikor because they have to travel through long distances and walk for many hours.
In his speech, Siju-Rongra MLA Rakkam Sangma said that the officers should take this opportunity to speak not only to express the good deeds they have done but to speak clearly about the The problems they face in the implementation of government schemes which has caused the schemes to fail so that the government can address the problems.
We're going to see what charges you're charging us with and if you don't have the right evidence, we're going to see.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the dorbar, PN Syiem said, “We have brought this amendment in the House to get a discussion on the Hima Bhowal. They also alleged that the EC has acted violently without listening to their views.
and Moses was the son of Comingone Ymbon.
MLA Arbinstone Marak and GHADC CEM Albinush Marak were present at the inauguration ceremony.
In the past few days, the residents and some political parties have come out to protest against the presence of BSF troops in Sonapyrdi. and to come and meet with the Symbut Myntri Rangbah of the State so that they can express the concerns of the people.
Police have sent Elias R Marak of Madanryting to the scene and the body was recovered on 14th July 2022 and the body was taken to NEIGHRIHMS for postmortem.
It is the first time that the budget has not been read from the book.
In South West Khasi District, two villages, Pyndeng Sakwang and Sakwang, were assisted.
Two hours after the four HYC leaders stood on the ground, Dr. Mehta came out to console the HYC leaders and apologized for what he had said during the meeting.
It is best to find a shelter in a low-lying area and make sure that the area does not flood in the event of heavy rain.
Ramdhan Chanda, 75, of Laban, has died of COVID-19 today.
Construction works of any government or private construction projects where the workers are not present at the workplaces are allowed to be carried out after obtaining permission from the DC. to work, as well as the cultivation of rice, the sale of rice and synsar were allowed in the villages.
One of those dances which expresses the joy and happiness of the soul is the Shad Suk Mynsiem which is held once a year at Weiking Jaiaw, Shillong.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNDF) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday criticized the Government for not punishing the Harijans for allegedly causing trouble at Saw Aiom Restaurant, Iewduh, on the night of the 20th. moon.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Twenty-two patients have been sent to NEIGRIHMS after a bus carrying BSF troops collided with another vehicle at Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills on 30th March
The winners of the awards were awarded by Stella War President Mawkhar Women's Association, GEM Kharpuri Secretary Mawkhar Sports Club, SS Rapthap, Adviser Mawkhar Sports Club, WHD Syngkon, Former Rangbah Shnong, Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong, Kha Kongorpha, Mr. Ethielang Kharkongor, Mr. Shngain Kharkongor.
The Seng Kur Warjri is also pleased that two of these singers are from the Warjri Kur.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr RC Laloo, who is also the MLA of Jowai, has inaugurated the Blood Bank in Jowai. The JSU has followed up and urged the State Government not to set up this Blood Bank in Jowai for the benefit of the people.
In this regard, the DGP said that she will take strict action regarding the collection of money by the police from vehicles.
There are 2300 contract workers, day laborers and security guards recruited from the Home Guard Department of MeECL. The strike will start tomorrow morning and will continue till the 16th. The union has not received any response from the government on their demand to recognize as full employees of MeECL those who have worked overtime. years under the Corporation, it is for this reason that as employees we cannot continue the strike.
The deadline for withdrawal from contesting the election if any will be on 20/2/2020 and the registration of names of candidates and submission of shap will be on 22/2/2 The polling day will be 28/2/2020 and the new polling day will be 3/03/2
He said that this will not help because there is a stream to the village which they can build is only a footpath while the existing road is for the transportation of the farmers.
In the FIR lodged by the village, it is clear that these injectors belong to Dr.P Lyngdkhoi. three boxes.
All these along with the development of tourism will create new job opportunities for the youth.
The NGT wants to implement the coal mining in Meghalaya according to a scientific policy and not as a rat whole and allegedly owned by the Mafia.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has decided to request the government to include the job allocation policy as soon as possible in the discussion. shall communicate its points to the committee.
Under the Pradhan Mantri FasalBima Yojana, more than 4 crore farmers have been ensured financial security.
(MGSPH & SVA) which went blindly, without understanding the loss is still on 4th November 2019 at KHADC, just for the personal gain of someone.
Joshi promised the region that there will be support from the Central Government through the GSI and that the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) can conduct training for Geologists from the States and other employees to to better train them.
Jowai, Lber 22: KaKSU Narpuh Circle, on the 19th of this month, under the leadership of General Secretary, Bah Kwilness Suchiang, together with its members, held a meeting with the KSU Narpuh Circle. he is the SDO of MeECL.
According to the SP of East Garo Hills, the bomb was planted in a muri on the road and was detonated using lights.
The meeting was held after the Seng received information that the principals of these two schools have requested that the applicants for teaching posts should have studied Hindi in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC). Assistant Teacher English at RB Anupchand Secondary School and Science Teacher at Arya Vidhyalaya Secondary School.
Pynehbor Mylliemngap who received the Gold Medal and Lamphrang Kharshohnoh who received the Bronze Medal were awarded by BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh and BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang.
States have been ordered to ensure that there is no movement of people in cities or highways.
“We have to consider from all sides and we will take a decision,” Sangma told reporters.
Thus, in relation to the law, the word Syrdep-aiñ can be used.
Shillong, July 22: The Meghalaya government today appealed to the people not to listen to the curfew called by the HNLC government. these days.
Four houses were destroyed in the fire and no casualties were reported. The fire was extinguished by the arrival of the fire. and the cars were filled with fire that night.
HANM said the government should remove the DC of West Khasi Hills District.
There are three candidates for the 13-Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency, two from the parties and three from the independent candidates. There are three candidates for the MLA election from the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency. Eugenson Lyngdoh of the UDP, Lamphrang Blah of the NPP, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem INC. From Rajabala, there are four candidates, four from the party and one as an independent candidate. Shillong, March 14: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has refused to observe the mid-term MLA elections in the 24th Mawphlang (ST) Assembly. Constituency to ensure a smooth and orderly election to be held on 30th March
Rambrai Jyrngam has 24,596 voters and 17364 voters with a turnout of 70.60pc.
She said that as a group, they have had a discussion on how to help the people during this time of emergency and they have found that at this time there is a need for oxygen generators, and this oxygen generator has been handed over. Rotary Club Shillong, Member of the Rotary Club Shillong, today donated a donation to the CRPF.
(SP News).
The training was conducted by 123 Bn of BSF Mawpat.
This was announced by the President of the Seng.
Tura, Naiwieng 05: Suspected GNLA militants have opened fire on a police vehicle from Baghmara to Tura to carry another prisoner.
On the other hand , the Minister said that the commission should find out the reason why this is happening in the state and as it is now it is still increasing occur.
He said that the Miss Beach Festival Contest will also be held with a cash prize of T.40,000 for the first place, T.25,000 for the second place and T.15,000 for the second place. one house.
He said that this day is to commemorate the drafters of the Constitution of India, especially the Chairman of the Committee Dr. Rajendra Prasad and Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar. we must not forget the freedom fighters who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the Country.
Begusarai in Bihar (PM10 level of only 265 micrograms per cubic metre) and Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh (with only 228 micrograms per cubic metre) came second and fourth as the most polluted cities.
This incident has prompted the SOT police to stand forward to provide security to ensure that no tragic incident occurs.
On this occasion, the winners of the drawing and drawing competitions were honoured.
Of these, 64% (33,348) of the cases fell under sections 3 and 5 (penetrative sexual assault and aggravated penetrative sexual assault).
On the other hand, the union said that the government should put in place this new policy before it can be drafted according to the Constitution of India under Article 244(2) which clearly states that the Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule.
The Commission will also visit the Hortihub of the State.
KSU General Secretary Donal V Thabah said that to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the state, the government has organized many festivals while on the border it has not done anything for the border and the Khasi people are still being attacked by the state. you for sha you for.
Those who come in the form of tourists will not be allowed to take part in meetings or photography or to take part in religious activities.
To avoid any problem in the payment of wages, the State Government has allocated T.37.00 crore under the State Employment Guarantee Fund (SEGF). Meghalaya is one of the states that has done so.
On behalf of Karbi Anglong, MLA Mansing Rongphih and MDC Pradip Rongpih came from Karbi Anglong. From Ri Bhoi District, two MLAs, Bah JK Dorphang and Dr C Lyngdoh, MDCs of Mawhati and Umroi.
Police have requested the public to check if any of them recognize this person.
No digital news producers shall submit information to the Department as required under rule 18 of the IT Rules,
He urged that only those who have already received Tika should be allowed to open shops.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Police of Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch today arrested Bah Iasyllock L Mawphlang on charges of assaulting Dalsrang Arengh, a driver of Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch.
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting urges all advertisers, broadcasters and publishers to comply with this order.
In the category of children between 6 to 11 years, Jayanta Nath from Polo Hills, Shillong came second, Hima Pariyar from Umsning came third and Hima Pariyar from Umsning came third. Sneha Das was arrested on Jail Road, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Snabor Shullai, MLA of BJP from 19-Shillong South, has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi that if the Central Government implements the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016, he will leave the party. BJP. He also reminded in the letter that during the National Convention at Ram Lila Square on the 12th of July this year, the party in Meghalaya opposed the CAB. Because this bill will affect the people of the North East of India, including Meghalaya as well.
To improve the education of the children, the Cabinet has taken this decision and to improve the access to information of the children in primary schools. you have to bring about a change in your education.
It aims to encourage young people to join the BRO and also to have the opportunity to talk to those who have received awards for courage.
She supported the NERCORMP project for sustainable income generation with the support of IFAD. PIB Gopajit Das and NEC officers attended the meeting.
In outdoor areas, the size of the venue will be checked, and with strict observance of social distancing, the requirement to wear masks, thermal scanning and hand washing. or use sanitizer.
All shops in the market will be closed on this day in order to encourage all the residents of the market to attend this public meeting to explain the laws relating to the cleanliness of the market. hat.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that two others have gone missing and the search for the missing persons is ongoing.
The state government should appoint all the vacant 468 jobs for a while.
According to sources, the driver of a commercial vehicle number ML05 N0174 (ML05 N0174) heading from Shillong to Guwahati has overturned the vehicle. He couldn't control himself anymore and went straight to the divider of the highway and planted a knife on the other side of the road.
He said that he has served the constituency for 40 years and it is time for him to hand over this job to the youth who can succeed according to the present era.
Hopingstone Lyngdoh is one of the oldest politicians in Meghalaya and is still the president of the HSPDP.
From the questions written during the protest today by some people abroad, it was written that these incidents should stop and they strongly condemn such incidents.
At the same time, we request you to follow the rules of the Government, because we see many people wearing masks only when they see the Police and Volunteers.
Due to the rain, the Election Department has held a meeting with the Chief Secretary to ensure that there are shelters for the voters in case of rain. this day of voting.
For a while there were no known antimicrobial proteins.
He said that the government will soon launch a new Patient Management System for the state health department. to understand how to know when and what kind of disease is more common according to the disease.
To prevent this from being spread by the people, the government has decided to take action against the KHADC.
The report has to be sent within two weeks.
The march started from Madan Student and ended near the Governor's residence.
Speaking to reporters, the Home Minister confirmed that the Chief Ministers of the two states will soon meet to discuss the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the JYF has lodged a PIL against the Cement Plants in East Jaintia Hills District for violating the provisions of the Forest Conservation Act Companies to set up factories in forest areas.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that as of 1.00 pm, the total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to In East Khasi Hills, 17 cases, 7 cases from BSF, 1 case from police, 3 cases from Army and 6 cases from civilians, 14 cases from West Garo Hills, 19 cases from civilians and 15 cases from Ri Bhoi. 4 were Army and 4 were Civilians.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Answering a question by Banteidor Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government meetings held at Vivanta and Courtyard since their opening have been 23 years. times.
“India is the land of Buddha, and the world wants to walk with the mother of democracy,” he said. Family, One Future', the world stands with it.
Not only Grace but all the MDCs on her side did not come to the House to take part in the election to elect a new CEM due to the resignation of the CEM. the old king of Bah Pynshngianglang.
On the other hand, NESO has sent a clear message to the BJP leader, not that they are against him but against this Bill. India will never accept this bill and will stand against this evil intention in order to protect its people, culture, language for future generations. , said NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa in a statement.
U Bah RV Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs in his speech, appealed to all the people of the state to work together to host the 39th National Games in the state. in the year
The Chief Minister said that Dr Mukul Sangma has failed to fight against the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) which has caused problems to the people who live from the coal mining industry.
Shillong, November 05: The parents of the children of the Khmih Shillong Group have expressed their gratitude to St. Joseph English School, Jaiaw for their support. Kand has reached this level to take part in the India Got Talents competition.
Furthermore, the union reminds that the road from Rangthong to Rangjadong has been painted through the protests of the people of the area since 2013 by conducting maintenance of the road by the people, holding public meetings in Rangjadong and The PWD Minister at that time, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, also took the initiative.
COMSO strongly condemns the Governor of Meghalaya for not approving the MRSSA Amendment Ordinance 2019 and demands that he should sign the Ordinance immediately.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Mukul Sangma today spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam, Sonowal on the problems faced by MBBS students in doctoral colleges in the state.
The topic he wrote was on the research of Dr. Sumarbin Umdor, Department of Economics. NEHU, Shillong.
On this issue, Bah PN Syiem said that the government should not pressure the CEM of KHADC and force him to go and knock on the door of the court. On the other hand, the Minister said that there is no restriction on anyone to go to court.
On the other hand, the Minister acknowledged the need to connect these two areas so that it will be easier for people who want to travel to Jaintia Hills and Assam and said that the government will take steps to create a bridge. who are ready to build a proper road in these parts of this area.
In the struggle of the government authorities to recover the bodies of those who died in the coal mine explosion in Jiantia, only four out of 15 bodies have been found. which have been extracted so far are two.
The Sengol and placed it in the new Parliament.
To learn more about the incident, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, together with MDC Joseph Fantin Lakadong on Tuesday visited the Laitumkhrah Police Station and held a meeting with the Superintendent of Police. SP (City) Vivek Syiem and other police officers of Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Many Chiefs of Staff of BSF from different departments attended the ceremony and recalled what the BSF has done to protect the country. in this shisnam lynter.
On the other hand, the party believes that what they will say on that day is the voice of the Chief Minister.
Mithu Sharma was also wanted by the Assam police.
“We’re not shouting about it and we’re not giving big announcements.
Shillong, March 18: There are 61 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 38 cases in West Khasi Hills and 13 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are 777 people in the country.
He said that the call was made on 13th November 2019 in front of the Governor's House. He said that the fighting is not with the police or the government authorities but the protest is to demand The police have fulfilled their duty.
Shillong, July 24: U Nujorki Syngoh MLA of Mookaiaw Constituency today led the Rangbah Shnongs of Barato, Saba and Mukroh to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the suspension of the police outpost. The incident occurred in Saba village in West Jaintia Hills District.
The Minister of Finance, in his speech in Guwahati on 21st November, 2023, has praised the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) for replacing the LCS without EDI. She urged the department to include the entire LCS system in the North East under the EDI system. Speaking at the launch of EDI at Land Customs Stations in the North East, Sitharaman urged the CBIC and Customs to resolve the issues related to shipments and said that the provision of EDI at LCSs is a challenge. necessary as it will help in the provision of immediate information about the transportation of goods.
In another development, the KSU Barato Unit in a statement through its President Samla Ehboklang Sten, has strongly warned against the people who destroyed the dohum in Wah Mynriang by throwing bombs in the river, Pynap Jar, Ber Medicine bad how ter ter.
Similarly, the Draft Bill was not sent or provided a copy for review and comment.
Women have a special role in our society.
Shillong, November 05: The Director of Health Services (DHS) has confirmed that 97 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday. 1, the total number of cases is
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, also took part in the traditional dishes of the Rabha people. your nation.
Speaking to the members of the Meghalaya SSA School Association after a meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Education, Aristotle Rymbai said that the government has not been able to give a clear promise on the issue. salary remaining five months.
Due to the changes in connectivity and technology, he said that geo-tagging of polling stations should be done and that the district authorities should review the route charts.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the CEM said that the MDCs have decided to oppose the Cabinet's decision to implement the CPC and CRPC in Meghalaya.
It is learned that today they also discussed the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State. the state will be completed on the 21st of this month.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh said that the feeling at the opening of the National Games is indescribable.
The NEC has already released T.798.73 crore.
The ceremony began with the sacrifice of a bull, a white church without marks, a bull and another pig.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the KSU should be strong as it has a border with Assam and many problems can come at any time.
Regarding the statement of the Langrin Area Development Organization that those who oppose the road are those who live in the city, it is a mistake as many of those who oppose are also from the area.
He said that the crowdedness of the market has been seen and if the residents are allowed, the district authorities will not allow them to open the market and they will think again later.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the Executive Committee is also concerned about the protest of the Sengbhalang. There will be an understanding between the government and the political parties, otherwise it will not reach anywhere.
In this act, these criminals have caused a stir among the people around Shillong especially in these two places where people from all over the city have come to pay for the jobs in their homes. home to prepare for Christmas.
ac.
It is urged and recalled that the Dorbar Hima Langrin, which was held in June 2007, strongly opposed the proposal to mine uranium.
The raid was conducted after the abduction of a welder from Rewak village and he was released at 5 pm today.
Regarding the actions of the JAC members, the CEM, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, called seven leaders to speak and the meeting lasted for less than an hour. He promised to restore the raid of Nongwah Mawtamur, but they are still waiting for a reply from the Syiem of Jirang Hima as he has been given until the 25th of this month.
At the same time, the University has signed an agreement with Grace City for specialized training in agriculture and fisheries.
It is to be recalled that the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Sengkmie in recent months has vowed that the Seng will not hesitate to take any other measures even if it takes a firm decision to hold the protests. If the State Government does not start implementing the projects.
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo today took part in the celebration of 'A New India Manthan: Sankalp Siddhi' held at Mawkyrwat. The project was organized by the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA) of the State Government in the presence of the Project Director.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station are from District Council Point to Motphran to YMCA. until a few lads.
The Document identified five areas including the provision of infrastructure to be implemented through the Internet.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Social Welfare Department of Meghalaya, through the Social Welfare Department, has been conducting a campaign to raise awareness among the people on how to deal with child abuse.
Vice President of KSU NEHU Unit Biangbor L Paliar , Asst General Secretary Reuben A Najiar , Asst General Secretary KSU CEC and members of KSU NEHU unit were also present at the ceremony .
In his old age he worked at the Sacred Theological College to teach brothers to become priests until his last days.
Dr Gowloog said the United Nations General Assembly has decided that the International Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples will be celebrated every year on 9 August
MACS has started keeping this figure since 2007, this year there were only 14 cases, but it has increased over the years and this year The number of cases in the state has risen to
Speaking to reporters, John said that according to the rules laid down by the National Athletic Federation, the participants have to register online. The registration will start from 12th November The race will be in three parts, 21 km, 10 km and 5 km. , the first prize will be T.70,000/- and the third prize will be T.50,000/-.
The UDP MDCs have two Executive Members in the EC, Bah Donkupar Sumer and Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, but as of now, these two EMs have not resigned. EM Bah Pynshngiang said that the decision of the party in the District Council will not work because there is no party law and the bar arrangement will not work.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also inaugurated many road construction projects and launched a booklet on the progress of the district in various fields during the past year. go since it opened on November 10, 2021.
“We are working in Mission Mode to bring development to all the households and villages in the state,” he said.
The party will meet again and if the government does not listen, the party will take a strong decision.
He said that at such times there are always suspicions, but the UDP is clear that it will cooperate with this government, he said.
Other neighboring villages under the jurisdiction of MeECL Mawsynram Sub-Division are also invited to attend the meeting scheduled on the 4th June The hall of Mawsynram Higher Secondary School (MHSS) will be closed at 12 noon.
Jowai, Jymmang 08: Twenty-three candidates have registered their nomination papers in Amlarem Sub-Division and nine candidates in East Jaintia Hills District.
As a small community, we need protection under the provisions of the law, he urged the Governor of the state to give his approval to the MRSS Ordinance to get protection from the law. the influx of people from outside.
After joining the Bangladesh army, they were taken to Chittagong for training in shooting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The District Administration has ordered various schools to withhold the results of students under 15 years of age who have not yet received Measles Rubella Vaccinations (MRV). The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has said that no one can force anyone to take the injection. MRV and depends on the free will of parents, family members has given hope and enlightenment to many on this issue.
The Seng commends and appreciates the responsibility and promptness of the MeECL department to inspect and take the necessary action.
Shillong, March 15: U Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL), on Tuesday said that they are in talks with the Mawmluh and Sohra Hima regarding the government's dewbilat factory. area.
The IMD was established in India in 1875 during the British rule. The purpose of its establishment was to monitor the environment, until the beginning of the the year 1890 was only the beginning.
As a responsible party, we will not stand idly by but we will continue to follow up and the party will take stronger measures to warn against those selfish people who try to take advantage of the situation. At the same time, the party strongly condemns foreigners who try to take advantage of Khasi women to make them like it.
Speaking outside the Prime Minister's residence on Friday, Delhi Chief Minister Atishi said, “We have received information that the Enforcement Directorate has arrested Kejriwal.
The markets that HITO has requested the District Administration to open are Umsning, Mawhati, Umroi, Byrni, Nongpoh and Umden. no more thought to stop them.
This spelling contest is in two parts.
The Sherpa Track looks at input from 13 Working Groups, two initiatives – Research Innovation Initiative Gathering (RIIG) and G20 Empower, and various Engagement Groups.
The Minister in charge of Home Affairs of the Union Government has confirmed the need to implement the curfew in order to protect lives.
His remains are at his residence in Ichamati near the State Bank of India and the funeral service will be held on 16.06.2024 at 2 pm.
If such activities are allowed, it will affect the smooth running and transparency of the Lok Sabha elections 2024 and may lead to violence, violence among the people, leading to the breakdown of peace and order. the loss of lives and property.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the HYC has visited the electricity posts which have burnt down. electricity posts were replaced today.
The forester said that on receiving information that a vehicle had come to steal timber from the government forest, they went to chase it at Mellim and chased the vehicle. The forester got out of the vehicle to talk to the driver of the Di Picup.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bah Thombor Shiwat. They said that they did not allow the construction of the railway line to Jaintia Hills.
On the same day, it was announced that the petition submitted to the Prime Minister's Office in Delhi on the 8th of this month has been accepted. The Forum also expressed its gratitude to Bah Pala for taking the initiative to speak and introduce this Bill in Parliament. regarding the coal mining and trade in the State which has been severely affected by the closure of the National Green Tribunal.
The party also urges all the 35 Khasi MLAs to speak out on the issue of including the Khasi language in the 8Schedule.
This is the construction that the government wanted to complete and today it has been achieved.
Meanwhile, Nongalbibra Police today raided Gare Nawak village and arrested Herod R Marak, 32, a member of the GNLA. He was not allowed to take the money demanded from the people and he was the one who used to inform the GNLA members about the movements of the police.
Speaking to reporters, the MAWU leaders said that they have also sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare to inform him that there are two cases of schemes for which they have not received their salaries for more than seven years.
: Ringchi K Sangma, Upper Wadanang, West Garo Hill, a 19-year-old wrestler from Upper Wadanang, West Garo Hill, manager of a Govt.
All those involved in these activities are also directed to comply with the guidelines issued by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) on 03.04.2024 to all its licensees and contractors regarding advertisements in the areas. These directives, while allowing advertisements relating to political activities in support of political parties and candidates, prohibit advertisements criticizing any political party or candidate.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 45 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed positive in the country. South Garo Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 21, West Jaintia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 1.
In this regard, the party alleges that there has been a serious misunderstanding.
The Governor urged the CBM and the Ferrando Speech and Hearing Center to work hard to make this center one of the sources of education for the people of the North East. .
