According to scientific research, uranium is found in all parts of South West Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills where the Mawthabah-Domiasiat Area is the starting point for open cast mining and the Processing Plan.
He said that they are only employees and if there is any talk with the authorities and they have no right to touch the employees, especially the women and they as employees don't even know the loss. to what happens.
This Sub Committee shall have the power to resolve any differences of opinion between the vendors and farmers and so on.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The District Council Affairs Department (DDC) has recently convened a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of the three District Councils to discuss the division of MDC constituencies in Meghalaya.
What has further confused the students is that in the information that their examination center appears in Shillong but when they receive their admit card, the examination center is outside the state.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Minister and Spokesperson of the State Government, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the Sengbhalang who are against the construction of the railway line in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, should go to the Mendipathar Railway Station.
The Prime Minister also spoke about the increase in the number of Jan Aushadhi shops in India to 25,000 from the existing 10,000 to increase the availability of affordable medicines.
Shillong, March 12: Ka Miriam Thangkhiew has expressed her gratitude to the Chief Minister and the people of the state for their support to the 10 players who will leave for Turkey.
It was decided to request Bah John F Kharshiing to talk to the JHADC authorities so that the people of Jaintia Hills can understand what these EC JHADC officials have done or prepared on the new arrangement of the Sixth. The schedule, as shown by the KHADC, was approved by Bah John Kharshiing.
The meeting was also attended by National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh, Defense Secretary Kathleen Stephens, Assistant Secretary of State. Asua and Nisha Biswal were also present at the meeting, said a government source through PIB. (SP News).
Later in his career, he rose to the rank of Surgeon Superintendent, Civil Hospital, Shillong and at the same time he served as Joint Director of Health Services. as the Additional Director of Health Services.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U Ainam Manik Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Shillong, today attended a meeting held at Basa Sohsaw. Look at the solid waste management and other market dwellers.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Today, 124 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 100 in Ri Bhoi, 7 in North Garo Hills and 7 in West Khasi Hills. 2, West Khasi Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, East Garo Hills 1.
“We have been waiting for a long time and I believe everyone is noticing and the whole country is watching us and waiting patiently.
Regarding the health centre, it was promised that the medicines will be provided from next month. Two more vehicles have been ordered to transport the students which will be operated soon.
HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin together with HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem, in a meeting with the Minister of Law, gave their opinion on the Roster Maintenance Policy.
If they have received authority from the district authorities, the police will be the protectors and guardians of such charity events and not the arresters as happened on the 21st.
but the song of love.
The NPP leader said that in the past few days alone, the deposit of money by the people in the banks has been very high and through this deposit of the people the government has received revenue and this will be He said that in Garo Hills, tens of crores of people have deposited money in banks.
The union also strongly warns against all contractors who are brought by foreigners without proper documents to work in the Shillong East area, the statement said.
Shillong, November 05: The Khasi community has appeared in many fields in the past few days and in the field of dance teaching and dance training, the state does not have adequate training centres.
Sahpir Singh, Director of the Ministry of Dance, said that Shillong is not only the city of music, he also wants to make Shillong the city of dance.
Speaking to the faithful, Archbishop Dominic Jala said that Christ is the foundation stone of mercy and as Christians who are united to the Lord, we should not break like a stone but the heart. of the Christian Son are not broken or lost because they are built and constructed of living stones as Christ calls Himself the living stone.
The area covered by the District Councils includes 98% in Meghalaya, 70% in Tripura, 8 out of 27 districts in Assam. The implementation of the CAA will affect the ethnic groups in the North East of India due to the influx of Bangladeshis. The CAA will further deteriorate the North East of India.
Shillong, Lber 29: Members of HANM today closed down the Income Tax office of the Central Government in Shillong opposite the Secretariat for holding work on Tuesday. .
Regarding Block I, Block II in the 2011 report, there are only a few but now there are about 50 Block II who want to come to Meghalaya. The General Secretary of the HYC has asked the General Secretary of the HYC to fight against this illegal attempt by the Conrad government to resolve the border issue. The distribution of these books has started today at the IGP, DC Office Shillong, Khyndailad and Motphra and will be distributed across Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: A brother, sister, friend and young man who has been with the party in happy and sad times.
The Dorbar will continue to work as usual whenever new ECs appear to propose to cooperate with both the new Executive Committees of KHADC and JHADC for the purpose of improving the Khadar Governance and Justice. for the sake of the country and the nation.
Following the request of the village leaders, the Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL, Bah J. Lyngwa, also took immediate action to charge a transformer which has been constructed for many years without being operated or repaired. Charge to the transformer since it has been installed.
Mission Smile, Guwahati in collaboration with District Early Intervention Centers through the Rashtriya Child Health Program program has conducted a screening and treatment of children suffering from cleft lip and cleft Palate.
Robert has submitted the PIL to the Chief Justice of the High Court, Altamas Kabir. The PIL has also been sent to the President of India.
The event was attended by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, Organizing Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, Samla Pynshaborlang Rani, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, and other office bearers of the KSU Sengkmie.
Shillong, March 30: A group of 14 journalists from Maharashtra today visited Mawlynnong, one of the cleanest villages in Asia.
The Minister of Sports said that the Land Committee headed by the Chief Secretary will soon send a report on the construction of stadiums in Shillong and Tura. The Meghalaya NGOCC 2022 will take the final decision on the venues of the National Games.
Kharkrang said the BJP is still open to anyone who wishes to contest the MP election for the Shillong and Tura seats.
Shillong, July 06: The Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today moved an adjournment motion in the Legislative Assembly. The issue of peace and stability in the Garo Hills today.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Answering a question by Bah L Blah, Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Council for small forest products is between 60% and 40%.
Mumbai -Delhi-Hyderabad-Chennai-Mumbai and Hyderabad – Coimbatore.
In connection with the floods at Kynshi-Bangla in West Khasi Hills District, 37 people have been rescued from the floods in the lower part of the NH-4 (E).
Other sources said that in the same way, in Nongpoh and Umroi constituencies, the people have blocked the roads to enter and leave Assam.
Prime Minister Duh said the Start-Up India campaign has showcased the power of the country's youth to the world.
If the search for the MPUF members continues, the JSU and JYF will not hesitate to consider taking other measures as this is not a matter for the police to lose sleep. “It's been a long time since I've seen these people,” said the leaders of the Sengbhalang.
The schemes to be implemented in the North East under the Japanese grant are the Guwahati Water Supply Project and the Guwahati Sewage Project in Assam. states of Assam and Meghalaya.
He was welcomed by NPP supporters in these two places.
“This celebration is to bring out the light of the history of the CAC to remember the work and those who have been involved in it,” said Tbn Laitphlang.
Bah Martle was welcomed by the party at a meeting held recently at Jongksha, Mawkynrew.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District in an order issued on 20th June 2024, has informed that the expedition to Bangladesh from Majai LCS should start immediately. Any violation of these rules will be punished according to the rules and regulations, according to the order issued by the District Magistrate East Khasi Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Mr. Deibor Suchiang and welcome speech was delivered by Mr. Chanbor Suja, Waheh Chnong of Lad Rymbai Dongwah.
After discussion and clarification that Raid Nongwahmawtamur falls under the Hima Sohiong, the JAC together with the people decided that the KHADC should immediately remove the current Lyngdoh Sohiong.
This will benefit about 49.18 lakh central government employees and 67.95 lakh pensioners.
Shah congratulated the Secretary, Cooperation Department and the entire team of the Department for this victory.
Regarding the ILP, the UDP party has strong hope that the central government will implement it in Meghalaya. the ILP in this state.
Shillong, Lber 26: U Dipul R Marak today was elected as the new CEM of GHADC in the election held today without any opposition.
West Jaintia Hills is one of the most vulnerable.
: Four persons were injured and one dead when a truck (ML05 R 9977) collided with a truck (ML05 R 9977) while coming from Mawryngkneng.
One of the cases was taken for testing today and the result will be released tomorrow morning.
According to the RTI, the land donated by the village of Wahiajer for the construction of this campus has been surveyed and at the same time the boundary stones have been laid at a cost of T. 12,694/-Furthermore, through RTI, it was found that out of the total amount sanctioned by the UGC through the XIIth Plan for the construction of the Jowai Campus, the UGC has already released up to 600.00 lakh to start the education immediately. This is the Jowai Campus along with the necessary equipment.
The Union Minister today held a review meeting with the North Eastern States on the progress of JJM and SBM (G) to expedite the implementation of these two special schemes in the North Eastern States. .
The PWD road in this area has been used by the army and civilians and there has been no tragic incident in this area so far. help the people to understand this river from one side to the other.
He said that this program is the beginning and we will continue to conduct such orientation programs in the future so that the youth can get the opportunity to be trained in various jobs. different.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Several government offices have been burnt down in West Jaintia Hills District on the second day of the night curfew.
As the Kur we express our deepest condolences to Bah Liw who was one of the founders of the Seng Kur Jyrwa Nongsiej and until the moment of his death he was still the Legal Adviser of the Kur.
The whole world is facing this problem and so is the nation. The important thing is that every citizen should be brave and not to be confused because too much confusion will lead to problems for themselves and the nation. dong the area after the bud.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U former MLA of Rongjeng in East Garo Hills District today sent a letter of resignation to the President of the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Electricity, P.Bakshi IAS today issued a notice banning any strike in the fields of electricity. don't you that public.
To exempt KHADC from this Act, only the State Government will have to issue a notice exempting KHADC from this Act. This announcement of the Government in 1982 is in force because in KHADC there is no land law, while GHADC and JHADC have been exempted from this Act so that people can get It is hoped that the government will also exempt the KHADC from this announcement.
Also present on the occasion were the Waheh Shnong of Nangbah Dorbar Shnong, the Longkmie Seng of Nangbah Shnong, the Youth Seng of Nangbah Shnong, the VDPs of the Shnong and others.
This documentary will stir up thoughts because even the past we have to examine and analyze"
He said that he has now won the MP election from the 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency according to the rule that he must resign within 14 days after being sworn in as MP. He resigned before taking oath as MP of the Lak Sabha.
“It is also surprising that the Government of India, alone, has not been able to treat the indigenous people of the country properly and give them the rights they deserve as full citizens of the country. “It has reached out to foreigners, who have not really deserved the rights of the indigenous citizens of India,” said Bah Dkhar.
The purpose of the festival is to attract tourists to the area and at the same time to see with their own eyes the arrival of thousands of birds. they only stay for a short time before they move on.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Lumdiengjri Police Station for the theft of the drugs.
Winnerson Sangma MLA, Parliamentary Secretary, Dr H.Iangrai SLO, NSS and others present included PK Srivastava IAS, Principal Secretary, State Government and others.
Not only this village but also Mukhla village nearby has been affected by the natural disaster. .
The visitors said that there has never been a tourist spot in Meghalaya as amazing and unique as this place.
The IMD urged the public not to be misled by false news and to seek information through television, media and others.
In addition, iLEAD provides post-training support and assists in employment in various fields.
We need to work together to build trust and understanding in order to move forward and that is the message that came out yesterday (at the opening ceremony of Karbi Hemtun),” Sangma said.
Others who attended the function were Bah H Pothmi MDC War West, Dr B Sutnga in charge of Jarain PHC. Nurses' Day.
She said that the reason for this thought is that after seeing that the country is in such a situation where the religious intolerance of the country has begun to affect and “This has put the country in danger, she said, “like racial discrimination, it has affected the rights of the people, the unity which everyone stands to protect but now it is in danger,” she said. Meira.
According to the latest information received from the Nongtraw Village Authority, Bibimoris Lyngkhoi, 21, was shot dead on the night of 5th July, It is learned that the woman lives with her husband and that night they were both together at home.
Fr. Ferdinand was consecrated as the Full Priest on Sunday at the Church of the Holy Spirit, Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong. the celebration of the Holy Mass.
Matsiewdor War said the earthquake was most severe in East Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
The union demands that the Government should repeal this Act and Rules regarding Khalai and should create other ways to collect revenue for the State.
The new BSF camp covers an area of ​​93 acres and has modern training centers and offices for the BSF. The BSF troops in Tura.
In the book, which was released today, he wrote about the Mawjymbuin crematorium and also told about the death of Sahep Bilat due to his mistake by bombing one of the the stones are not in this cream.
Shillong, June 18: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari today announced that he will cast his vote for the election of the Chief Electoral Officer of the State on 18th June or MP to represent the state in the Lok Sabha, where the counting of votes will start at 7 pm and end at 4 pm.
He said that the area and the people will develop in all aspects as it has many beautiful tourist attractions and it is famous for the breeding of the Amur Falcon.
In the past years, the winners of Miss Meghalaya have been given the opportunity to participate in beauty pageants in various events in the North East, India and abroad. world.
We have the same race that comes from our mother. 5) We have the same language that we can understand, although we have many dialects. the khadar and others.
Boby Basaiawmoit General Secretary of HANM said that if the government does not listen to this demand, they will meet again as a group within COMSO. to the protests.
Thus, according to the opening of schemes to date, the irrigation potential created and opened is 19%.
The meeting was to discuss the roster and to make Tura the second capital of the state.
The strike in many parts of the country has forced the so-called migrant workers in construction jobs in factories, households, roads and other sectors to return to their hometowns.
Shillong, July 10: A special session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been convened on the 20th of this month to approve the allocation of jobs for minorities and indigenous people.
This village is one of the oldest villages in the area, has received village authority from Syiem Maharam since 1996 and has been included in the Census since
A 16-year-old child has disappeared from Tura, West Garo Hills and earlier from Mawiong.
Shillong, June 14: The SSA Teachers Union and the Managing Committee of SSA Schools in Meghalaya have not yet set a date for the meeting. In a statement sent by Bah HM Marbaniang General Secretary, the MSSASA requests all the School Managing Committees from Mission Schools, Private Aided Schools and Schools established through the SSA to SSA scheme to join hands with the union in the strike by striking indefinitely of all 12481 SSA teachers and 1521 4th teachers teaching in more than 5000 schools which receive assistance through The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in the state will start from the 18th of this month until the state government issues a written notice and implements the demands of the teachers.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The recruitment process in Meghalaya will start on the 20th of this month and end on the 28th of this month.
Avner Medon Pariat on Tuesday strongly condemned the attempt of the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) especially the CEM by accusing him of trying to violate the right to freedom of speech. Chanlok Dkhar on the allegation of corruption in District Councils In a statement, Bah Pariat, a writer and politician, said, “Bah Dkhar, who is a concerned citizen like me, has brought this issue. he believes that it affects the society and violates the principles of rule of law.
District Election Officer Sanjay Goyal said that booth level agents (BLAs) appointed by political parties can accompany the office staff in distributing the ballot slips.
This is for the residents of rural areas of Meghalaya under the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF) in Panchiring A in South West Khasi Hills District and in Mawpenbad Katradua in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 07: The three civil society organizations in Meghalaya, the RBYF, HYNF and FKJGP, have said that they fully support the protest called by the NESO this morning in the North East. We all stand against the intention of the Central Government.
Police also seized the vehicle.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has decided to set up a quarantine facility for the residents of Mawsynram area within the Mawsynram PHC to travel to the villages. the problem is that you don't have access to the Internet.
The Lyngdoh Mylliem took over the sword from the Rangbah Kur Nongkhlaw and handed over to the Minister Kharkongor to kill the goat. The Blang was appointed by the Minister of State.
Sohan denied all the allegations and said what Reding said was wrong and the new party, which includes Mingran T Sangma, a police inspector and arms dealer, to this organization.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Hundreds of Congress youths from North East today marched to the residence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to protest against the Citizenship. Amendment Bill, 2016.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: Christians today flocked to the church to complete the Holy Thursday to commemorate the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus.
Students of NEHUSU under the umbrella of NEHUSU and Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU Unit on Tuesday gave time to the authorities of the university. NEHU has immediately suspended the Sports Director of NEHU, Nantu Das, who is in charge of security, for allegedly assaulting a woman referee on Sunday.
In the meeting with the Minister of Culture and Heritage, Bah Sanbor Shullai, the JSU said that the hall has been damaged in all aspects from the color to the seating area and the lights inside the hall. The union demands that the District Library cum Auditorium in Tura should be improved and the Minister has promised to take action to improve the hall according to the union's demand.
MEPA urges the members and leaders of the Sengbhalang who have been involved in this incident to investigate and punish them so that such incidents will not happen again. existence.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Parliamentary Secretaries have met him and handed over their resignation letters without waiting until the decision of the High Court. for his part, he also accepted their request.
Speech was delivered by Bah Bindo M Lanong on behalf of the UDP, in which he promised that the party will continue to cooperate with the MDA government. Shillong, Nailar 30: Bah Pius Marwein MLA, who won the mid-term elections from the 35-Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency, today was sworn in as MLA. Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy at the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
: Thousands of Khasi people took part in the celebration of the Seng Kut Snem of the Seng Khasi which was held on Friday.
This initiative aims to fill the gap between the government and the people, by empowering the people and laying the foundation for inclusiveness and Vikasit Bharat.
The three documents are a copy of the complaint lodged by the Vice Chancellor to the Tura Police Station on the 14th of this month and a copy of the report of the Internal Fact Finding Committee. The Vice Chancellor of NEHU has pledged to take immediate action against any ragging activities by implementing the UGC Anti-Ragging Laws. investigation report.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and five cases in West Garo Hills District.
Nongthymmai All India Trinamool Congress CHARLES PYNGROPE (WINNER), 22.
Eight 4.50 KYNOCH bullets with the inscription, Hyniewtrep is the blood of the king and many other inscriptions were seized by the Jaintia Hills Police.
“He said the introduction of NCERT textbooks will be from Class-I to Class-X and this will start from next academic year.
The Chief Minister said that the oxygen production systems will arrive at Tura and Jowai Civil Hospitals and in these days the installation of these systems can be completed in the coming months.
In view of this, the Government has empowered the Assam Rifles under the NDPS Act.
He noted the strength of the G20 and said that the use of space technology for the benefit of mankind will increase manifold and can bring income and benefit everyone.
The union will not allow the villages to give land to foreigners to trade in their villages and also to bring in the agricultural products that the farmers produce from time to time.
Speaking on the issue of not building man-made structures in tourist attractions, Bah Cyril, Director of Tourism, said that really because it destroys the beauty of nature.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the party is trying to reach an agreement with other parties to ensure that the Congress party should not come to power. In 2018, discussions are ongoing but no decision has been reached on this issue.
Furthermore, our State has never had the Zamindari, Enamdari, Ryowari System and this will harass and injure the indigenous people.
During the meeting, it was also agreed to conduct a joint inspection on the Proposed Mining Lease Area by the Meghalaya Government Officers together with the Sohbar Elaka authorities and a date was fixed for 9th December 2021 to do the necessary.
The number of COVID-19 cases by district is: East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 321, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi Jaintia Hills 7, West Khasi Hills
The EC is in talks with the government to release the JHADC's share of T.100 crore which is still about T.100 crore. The EC has taken action to talk to the government to release this share of theirs to pay salaries to the employees.
The 33 KV sub station was built in 2004 to provide electricity in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, but it is still operating as an 11 KV sub station. Many villages in the area do not get proper electricity supply and many villages are in darkness. At present, the loss of light is increasing in the area and this may be due to the lack of electricity supply. The union expressed its surprise that the MeECL authorities have said in previous years that the line has reached Lailad, but has not yet reached Umsong.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, said that nothing can be said as they have to submit a written statement to the government on the news.
He told reporters after a meeting with Bah Krymen Shylla that the Meghalaya government has requested for the construction of a Sports Academy for people with disabilities. 50 acres of land.
The members of the group demanded that the government should amend the MPDA and the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Order (MMPO). Six of the civil society leaders were arrested.
Speaking to media, Bah MD Tamar said that after a discussion with FACES leader Paradip Kurbah, he came up with the idea of ​​reviving SBUK. He said that in the past SBUK has produced many Biria to entertain the spectators, from now on the SBUK will start again to continue the biria games as it has done in the past. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Roykupar Synrem, President of the union, said that according to the union, the union has received a complaint from the people that they have received low price tins. it is not only to cover the houses of the animals.
Jowai, November 12: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the progress of the JSU and also to discuss some issues related to the Jaitbynriew. The program "Meeting with former and current members of JSU" will be held on 17th December 2016 at District Library Mynthong Jowai from 12 noon.
Following the incident, the CID, SP C Lyngwa, promised before the PAC that the investigation into the purchase of land in Mawphlai village will be completed. in the month of June.
In the three-month government, she became Minister and held portfolios such as Law, Parliamentary Affairs, Revenue and C&RD. After the Ar-Lama government, she became Minister for four months. Finance.
During the investigation, the arrested suspect was taken to his house in Nongthymmai and another bomb was recovered from the house. by the police in the presence of civilian witnesses.
In response to the team’s stellar success, the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his elation, stating, “This victory not only brings pride to Meghalaya but also showcases the immense talent and dedication of our youth.
It is to be recalled that from time to time, the Seng has issued warnings against all illegal drug dealers who are not allowed to sell drugs within the borders of the village. Especially to the children who are still growing up because there are many kinds of violence and crimes which upset the society as a whole.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government strongly condemns the incident which happened today in Jaintia Hills.
For this reason, the traffic jam was severe and lasted for many hours until the sky became dark.
The Chief Organizer of the party, Bah Paul Kharbani, said that the party will not stand idly by and will continue with their protest until the government resolves the issue. the DC of the district.
In the northeast, 9 airports have been operated but 15 airports have been built in the last 7 years.
Recently we have seen that the BJP Government itself has gone to Myanmar only for political gain by putting human rights behind it.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Member of the Legislative Assembly, said that education has not yet reached the rural areas and the time has come for education to spread outside Shillong.
They enjoyed the delicious food, looked at and bought the goods and admired the beauty of the place.
The social agreement between the Central Government and the State Government in 2009 for the acquisition of land in West Khasi Hills was terminated in
Agricultural inputs are essential to agricultural activities and the supply of these and various services are important in the development of agricultural income.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Kolkata Police Commissioner Rajeev Kumar today arrived in Shillong for questioning by the CBI on charges of It is not related to the Saradha Chit Fund.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej in charge of the media of the Union.
Shillong, March 19: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Meghalaya in collaboration with the Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya held a meeting on the Meri Mati Mera Desh program today. SC Sadhu, IAS Secretary C&RD was the Chief Guest and Isawanda Laloo, IAS Director, Sports Department, Government of Meghalaya was the Chief Guest.
The SOP emphasizes that all grounds, public places, public places, such as handles, fences, etc. should be cleaned and the auditorium should be cleaned afterwards. man didn't finish the movie.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah James Sylliang said that now is the time for us to take action against this company because “Wah Umtrew is one of the sources of drinking water for many people. but the unscientific method of raising chickens by the company could cause problems to the health of the residents of the area”.
The full names and candidates from different constituencies will be available after that date.
Out of the 60 constituencies in the state, 36 constituencies are in Khasi Hills and 23 constituencies are in Garo Hills. On that day, 18 people will be selected.
With a vision set on the national and international stages, he aspires to elevate Callisthenics to new heights in Meghalaya.
: It means a tree that burns and burns, it is the power that burns and burns any creature.
Khliehriat, July 13: The Khlehriat Block Congress Committee (KNC) has donated plastic bags and other items to the Iakyrshanlang Village Organization (VOs) in Iongkaluh village.
There is also a proposal to amend Sub-section (1) of Section 4 of the Benami Transactions Prohibition Act, The State Government shall not appoint a committee if there is any complaint.
In another raid, BSF troops of 193rd Battalion and 172nd Battalion seized 48 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh along the border of East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Health Minister AL Hek said that all those who came from Tamil Nadu to Chennai are negative.
There were 60.47 lakh GSTR 3B Returns for the period from October to 30th June, 2018 out of 87.12 lakh people who should have filed GSTR 3B Returns which is a total of 69.5%. .
“This announcement will continue until further notice,” said the District Magistrate.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, while talking to SP News Agency, said that he is waiting for the report on the incident.
Meanwhile, the Union has decided to continue their strike and on the 24th of this month they will meet with the Minister in charge of Labour. day.
Mawkyrwat, Iaiong 02: A sudden storm has struck the border areas with Bangladesh at 4 pm today, along with heavy cold weather from Moilam to Ranikor in the South. West Khasi Hills District.
The investigation is ongoing, police said.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that if they find that they should lodge a complaint against those who do it so that they can arrest those who do it according to the law. in mining activities.
The organization cannot also express its gratitude to those who have contributed to the construction of this house through their physical and material contributions.
On this occasion, Bah Mawsor said that he will not blame anyone either the UDP or his party the HSPDP. The MLA Election will be held in 2018 in the state.
This reply of the Chief Minister is not only to provide clear information to the people, but also to provide information to the people on the working methods of the government and what it needs to do to reach the goal. the goal and the people will know the budget.
In his welcoming remarks, he said that this is part of the Central Government's Swadesh scheme and part of the Light and Sound Shaw at Lum Sohpetbneng. which could not be held at that place was held at Madan Weiking.
Leaders of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) Pynursla Block on Tuesday met with the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to inform them about the decline in the price of agricultural products and the increase in the price of beverages. affected farmers to a great extent.
In May 2021, we found about 44% of schools violating this law.
Shillong, March 11: There are 64 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 41 cases in West Khasi Hills and 16 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are 1052 cases in the state so far.
Giving an example of the incompetence of the French when they came to rule India and the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Bah PN Syiem said, 'Before the arrival of the French, the customs and traditions of the French The land, the mountains, the rivers, the water, the forests are our property.
I therefore request Bah Bindo M.Lanong, MDC, whom the country and the nation as a whole have known well, that he is a source of inspiration for all the leaders and leaders who have passed away since He said that he would gather all the MDCs of KHADC and JHADC and meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Shri RN Ravi.
The CEC also expressed its concern over the increasing number of crimes against women. The CEC strongly condemns the perpetrators and at the same time demands that The State Government should have a Fast Track Court or Special Court to expedite the investigation and punish those involved in these cases. that Illegal Activities.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Conrad K Sangma MP of Tua today visited those who suffered from a car accident at Jadokroh in West Khasi Hills on Tuesday. people have lost it.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the HNYF members, he said the KHADC will consider how to do this, but before doing so, it will have to consult with the authorities.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Garo Students' Union (GSU) has sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills to hold a two-day protest in front of the office of the District Sports Officer. East Gao Hills, which is located in Williamnagar.
On the other hand, Kong Mawnai said that she has informed the police regarding this incident and that if there is a police force, they will be able to stop the incident.
NPP Working President Conrad K Sangma, Thamas Sangma and other party leaders who were present on the occasion.
There are thousands of households who have benefited from this scheme.
The program was attended by Dr H Giri, Pediatrician of Ganeshdas Hospital, Dr D Pde, Dr S Nongtrai, Pediatrician of DEIC, Dr EL Kharumnuid District Nodal Officer. RBSK, Dr B Malngiang Pediatrician Ganesh Das MCH Hospital Parents and children who do not have this disease.
On the part of Commander Shangpliang President, he said that the party takes this meeting seriously and says that the party believes and hopes that the present Executive under the leadership of Bah Teinwell will be able to resolve the issue. to this problem faced by the farmers.
Damien Marwein said NABH is a team of the Quality Council of India (QCI), which has been appointed to conduct and supervise the accreditation of health facilities.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rangdajied Marwein in the presence of members of the union today expressed their dissatisfaction with the stiign behavior of the university in not inviting applications for the appointment of teachers. although more than 100 are released.
On the part of Germany, it is ready to provide assistance on how to deal with this climate change.
The Chief Minister said that the three polytechnics in Shillong, Tura and Jowai will be upgraded to Centers for Excellence.
According to information, the flag raising ceremony went smoothly across the state without any interference and the protest of the CoMSO was successful today.
The meeting was held with the management of RB Anupchand Secondary School and Arya Vidhyalaya Secondary School. The meeting was held on the recruitment of teachers.
Giving his full support to this initiative, the Chief Minister assured the farmers involved in the cultivation of these aromatic plants on the assistance measures to promote this. section.
He said that the MDC elections to the two District Councils have been a great victory for the party and congratulations go to the people who have won the candidates of the NPP party. Regarding the defeat of the NPP CEM in JHADC, Dr Kharlukhi said it is the decision of the people and nothing can be said about it, but they accept the decision of the people. .
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the party from 04:00 pm to 08:00 pm, said Bah Thomas Passah.
In her welcome speech, Ms Telinia said that as the Chairman of the House, she will hold the honor and will do her job without any bias and expressed her gratitude to the members. who elected her to this position.
Relationship with States: To improve the monitoring of logistics activities in the States, State, UT logistics policies have been announced by 19 States, UT. 24 has been launched with the aim of monitoring the logistics activities of the States, UTs according to the procedures, and ranking the States/UTs on the ease of logistics activities.
: It means to be subjected to the power of others and to know in yourself that you are right without doubt or suspicion.
There are 710 cases in the state so far. The number of cases by district is 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 582 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 29 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills 5, West Garo Hills 59, West Jaintia Hills 13, West Khasi Hills 6 cases.
In this regard, the Government will introduce an Ordinance known as the Meghalaya Goods and Services Ordinance.
Each clinic has one ANM, one Psychologist, one MTW, and one Doctor, for 5 School Clinics.
He added that companies should undergo training and placement according to the needs of the state before joining hands with the government so that it can improve in jobs and also in the economy of the state as a whole. , said Samla Wallam K Nongsiej.
The people who owned these coins were asked to bring these coins home in payment of taxes.
New Delhi, Jymmang 14: The National Cyber ​​Crime Reporting Portal (NCRP) has received several complaints regarding intimidation, extortion and digital arrest by cyber criminals claiming to be police forces. , the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Narcotics Bureau, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the Enforcement Directorate and other law enforcement agencies.
The prison where Syiem Tirot Singh was imprisoned is now known as the Dhaka Central Jail.
However, a few years later, a law was passed prohibiting them from participating in political activities or contesting elections.
The Government of India is working with them and supporting them in this work.
New Delhi, March 07: The Union Minister in charge of Sports and Sports on Wednesday congratulated the Union Minister of State for Sports and Culture. The athletes have won 100 medals at the 19th Asian Games in China.
Wanteimon is a swet child and in this sweet childhood SOS was able to take him to raise him until he became a young man and during his studies in Mysor, Karnataka. Shillong, Nailar 17: The 69th Anniversary of the Instrument of Accession (IOA) between the Government of India and the Government of India was commemorated by the Heads of State today. at the Youth Hostel Shillong, where the Syiems and civil society organizations were present.
At the same time, all government departments will be directed to notify the vacancies in their departments so that the DSC can easily conduct recruitment examinations and avoid the extension of the recruitment period. .
He said that on the demand for a Khasi Prime Minister, the decision of the people must be accepted as it has been given.
If you read and understand the poems of Soso Tham, they are very meaningful.
The tournament will be for both men and women.
Shemstar Rynjah, resident of Lawsohtun, on Tuesday announced that he will contest as an independent candidate for the MDC election from Laban-Mawprem constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (HYC), HANM, EJNC, JSM and CORP today burnt down the statues of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam. Sharma and Union Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Shillong City under the leadership of Bah Anthony N Nongbri, Working President and Bah Arnold M Lanong, General Secretary presented a flower, a jain ryndia and a memento. .
On the other hand, Muktiar S Sen informed the court that he has to take the order from the relevant authorities and will submit an affidavit to answer if necessary. The hearing will be held on the 19th of this month.
U Bah Pynshngain also urged that as a nation we should never forget our own Thymmei, in which with a sad spirit he said that many of the leaders of the people in these days think only for the year 2018, but they have forgotten to develop their own nation.
Bah MH Dkhar said that if the ban on mining and transportation of coal continues, all kinds of evils will spread in Jaintia Hills and especially in Jaintia Hills. East Jaintia Hills AJYWO demands that the state government should take action against this. The NGT ban on coal mining and transportation has affected lakhs of residents in Meghalaya.
The General Secretary of the HNYF, Sadon Blah, said that in democracy, the voice of the people has been expressed in the House by 60 MLAs to take a decision to implement the ILP. If the central government does not listen to the voice of the people, it is better that these 60 persons should resign and have a shame.
Ki nongniah cycle kiba kwah ban iashim bynta ha kane ka Rally ki lah ban phone ia i Bah Lening Bareh, President Meghalaya Cycling Association 8837356311/9436102995, Bah Banshanlang Khyllait Vice president MCA 9612505282 bad Kong J.Lywait Secretary MCA 8447188567/8798375614.
The union on this issue has urged the Medical Superintendent to take action that the local patients should not lose their beds just to accommodate the foreign patients.
On the other hand, the MPHRC sees that this commission which the government has decided to set up in the state will be a bridge between the government and the people in terms of human rights.
The complaint against the school states that Bengali, Nepali and Marathi are spoken in Meghalaya. The book was published by Bright Star Books International, 521-Vasnant Kunj, New. Delhi-110070.
However, the body of one of them has not been found yet.
The arrest of a man from Kalaichar shows that this drug trader is not aware of the disease.
He said that the government is implementing dams to prevent flooding, but the problem is that the water remains water, one season it flows from one place and one season it flows from another place. It is a problem, but the government wants to have a barrier that can be closed immediately to avoid flooding.
“We have been able to bring about many changes,” he said, adding that it is time for the people to decide which government they want and it is the Congress party which is the party that is strong and strong. concrete.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the union wants to know who is the owner of the area because whenever there is a dispute in the area, the youth union has to leave from time to time. Whoever owns the land, the union demands that those who do not own it should put people to wait at the land.
Police have conducted a search warrant for the perpetrators.
The death of Jesus on the cross is the physical suffering, the sacrifice of Himself for others and also the submission of the Lord Jesus to the will of God.
Marak said that if the central government can give Telegana state for the Telgu speaking people, the Garo people should also get their own Garo state for them. who speaks the Garo language.
On the opening day of the match, Iong o SC played against Seiñlang SC. The match was very fierce and fierce for both sides and finally the match ended in a draw with 2 goals -2.
When the investigation was completed, the two suspects were charged.
However, today the police have asked the farmers who came from different villages to leave the area. I'm going to Shillong.
The BSF Meghalaya said on Twitter that it has distributed food to 125 people working to repair the road from Dangar to Mawsynram in East Khasi Hills District.
Dr. Mahendra Nath Pandey, Minister in charge of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, said that the addition of NSTIs will assist the District and State authorities in providing treatment to those who have contracted the disease. which provides more hospitals and health centres.
Therefore, the JSU would like to congratulate the people of Narpuh Elaka for standing firm in their position against the government's allocation of this land as a quarry to Star Cement. Special to the residents of Narpuh Elaka because they have a responsibility to protect the area from the damage caused by the natural disasters and the residents of this area have a long way to go for the happiness of their children. still coming.
New Delhi, July 29: Union Minister of Home Affairs and Cooperation Amit Shah has welcomed the successful return of the second climb by the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF). Vijay, in New Delhi, after successfully climbing 21,625 feet of Mount Manirang.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) Nonghyllam Village Council has lodged an FIR against Sub-Inspector CR Marak, Balbring G. Momin, 3rd Battalion MLP, Pynshangbun Shangpliang, SF-1 , Mathiush Marak of SF 10 Commando and Solomon R. Marak of 3rd Battalion MLP for involvement in the shooting and injuring of three children under the age of 16 years identified as Phaskupar Nongtnger, Manlyness Marngar and Manbha. This happened on the evening of the 17th at 4 pm at Nonghyllam while these children were going to sum near Jingaiti Secondary School, Nonghyllam.
We don't want to argue because the party has nothing to do with politics but we can't just listen to see that there is an attempt to mislead the people by opening the foundation stone for parts that don't belong to them.
Dr Mukul said the state government will set up another medical college in Tura, which falls under West Garo Hills district, and preparations for this are underway.
Due to the circumstances and the passage of time or the crisis of COVID-19, the District Administration has decided to comply with the SOP COVID-19 through a letter No.C&S.21/COVID-PER/2 /Vol.13/379 Dated 15th March, 2021 from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, we request all the members of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, This date is 03rd June
The MR directed the officers to work with the states to further expedite the vaccination campaign.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Cabinet today approved the construction of a ropeway on Shyllong Hill at a cost of T.140 crore.
The four students who took part in the competition were Chandabiang, Martin Medhi and Franky Wanniang from the Department of Computer Science; Management.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The commercial markets in Meghalaya, especially those in the two districts, East and South West Khasi Hills District, have been neglected by the government. too much where traders have to spend a lot on vehicle maintenance.
At the same time, he used the Razakars and had the idea of ​​uniting Hyderabad with Pakistan, although the two places were not nearby.
Youths in colleges and schools have participated in cleanliness drives in cities and towns where colleges have also taken over villages.
During the inspection, police found that the main door of the house had blood stains inside the house. Police have taken everything they found in this incident as witnesses and sent them. A case has been registered at Nongstoin Police Station, said HG Lyngdoh IPS, Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District.
This feeling is based on this central theme from the Word of God.
At the same time, the government has provided many other benefits in terms of revenue.
The SP said that the demand of many to stop the protest is that those involved in the shooting should be punished.
The Union Minister in charge of Education, Pokhriyal recalled the message of Swami Vivekananda that the youth are the greatest strength of any country and the future of the country is shaped by hard work. my youth.
These 11 persons were received by the Cabinet today.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the Prime Minister to accept this and resume the coal mining by following the rules.
He said that the Hima Nongkhlaw, together with the government, should find out why the stamps of Tirot Singh are no longer available even though they were issued in
KHNAM has asked Bah HDR Lyngdoh , Minister , whether the ILP is not a law to protect the country and the people , whether the District Council is the house to protect the country and the people community.
They were rescued by the police from the hands of the mob after they were beaten.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the overturning.
The difference between the Chairman and the President is that the Chairman supports the work of the party but to take decisions within the party is up to the President.
Through initiatives like Digital India, Make in India and Vocal for Local, India has opened the door to becoming the third largest economy in the world.
Out of the thirty-four (34) applicants, five of them have been breeding for more than 20 years and were looking for information whether there is any assistance for them for their service to the crowd to the field.
Speaking at the public meeting held at the Umsning Village Council Hall, he said that the people have turned to the UDP as the only party that can provide good governance.
The Government has taken this opportunity to promote the farmers in the state and the Government will continue to expand such markets. implement it soon.
Police have congratulated the driver of the sumo for his quickness to think and inform the police. Police will honor his integrity.
In 13-Mawryngkneng there are five candidates, in 47-Rajabala there are three candidates and in 24-Mawphlang there are three candidates. u wei.
Shillong, November 13: A three-day workshop on Teaching Techniques in Physiology was held at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong from 10th to 12th November,
To establish a District Mineral Foundation (DMF) for the welfare of the people and areas affected by mining activities and to establish a National Mineral Exploration Trust (NMET) to strengthen the activities search for natural resources and to ensure strong punishment for those who violate natural resources.
On the Northeast, Dr Jitendra said there are many sectors that cannot be developed including tourism, handicraft, handloom as well as food and fruit related activities. .
The Government has announced a two-day lockdown in Shillong for the past two days due to the curfew imposed by the Government.
He said that foreign trade is a very competitive industry and in this journey as traders it is not easy because there is a need for mutual trust. mutual benefit between farmers and merchants.
Internal sources said that the FCI's job is to deliver the rice from the central government warehouses to its warehouses in the state and distribute it to the state government. After the state government has already collected the rice from its warehouses through the personnel appointed by the government, the FCI has no role anymore and it is the duty of the state government to look after the rice. tea.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah Panbor Ryntathiang, candidate of the HSPDP, while speaking at a meeting held at Mawlai Nongkwar Basic School, said, “I have a desire to be a leader for the people of Meghalaya. The country and the nation have been around for many years, but it is through the clean political campaign that has made me surprised and inspired, and through this that has awakened me that has made me stand in the election for the country and the nation".
The union urges the authorities to be vigilant especially in the border areas as the people living in the border areas often face theft and crime. They destroy the land, the crops and the livestock.
Until now, the signs of Mawryngkhang no longer have a tyrpeng on the right side but only a large and strong hole.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder, Bah Welcome Shangpliang, while explaining to the media, said that after the VDP members received accurate information about the number of people in the village who sell alcoholic beverages, On the 17th July 2013, the VDP arrested 10 persons who were involved in the sale of denrite and other intoxicating beverages. Emnuel Marak, one of the arrested persons, as the village councillor, wants the villagers to live a better life. rebuke them by beating them but not until they intend to take a human life.
Shillong, June 13: Forty officers undergoing training at the Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC), New Delhi, today graduated from Group 'A, They met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The small fish farms will be distributed to the people of the area under the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission.
In connection with these two incidents, the police have launched an investigation to track down the perpetrators.
The union in this regard how the government even in such a situation of the state and countries in the world are confused in relation to the spread of the disease called COVID 19, “But now the government wants to play with the lives of the cement companies just to provide for the jobs of the cement companies,” said the KSI. The government has allowed them to come free at such a time, showing that the government has no intention of declaring a lockdown in our state while their scientific work is going smoothly. .
Edmund Khongngai said that as part of the cooperation with the Village Task Force Committee, the Dorbars have expressed to the Minister that they will provide awareness programs in schools and schools in the market. in the entire Pynursla area, so that the public can be enlightened and understand the dangers of addiction to this dangerous drink.
To commemorate the occasion, the Vivekananda Award of Excellence was awarded to Dr Anita Panda for her outstanding contribution to society as a writer and promoter of rights. A teacher at this school who has donated a lot to the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
The minister in front of the party promised to expedite the process as it has been too long.
Therefore, the JSU urges the students to study hard and write well for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The JSU urges all the students who are taking the SSLC and HSLC examinations not to waste their time in The union wishes all the candidates to do well in this examination.
In the counting of votes, Bah Deimaïalang Siangshai won with 91 votes, while Bah Jeo Thangkhiew and Bah Raphael Warjri won with 67 votes and 6 votes respectively. vote.
One of the stories in East Garo Hill District which has been badly affected by the insurgency, entitled “Delivering Sanitation under the Shadow of the Gun” of the NBA, was brought up on the Water & Sanitation Program organized by the NBA. by the World Bank.
If the government cannot do so, the party will not be able to call for mass protests in Ri Bhoi District.
This will provide drones to the Self Help Groups (SHGs) of women so that they can use this technology to support their income generation activities.
He said that the state government has sent T.587.70 crore to the central government for the SSA teachers , the government has accepted this and from this allocation the central government will allocate T.305.84 crore The state government has to spend T.33.98 crore.
Dr Rajendra Toprani, President of IASO and Head Neck Cancer Surgeon, Ahmedabad, said Meghalaya has become the first state to report esophageal cancer and has increased by more than 40 percent. shah in the Ri.
The SPC sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased and prays that God will strengthen the children and wife of the victims of this tragic incident.
Also present on the occasion were Bah L Kharbani President, other leaders and members of the party.
In Shillong, the flag raising ceremony started from Motphran to Khyndailad and other parts of Shillong.
During the meeting, the Governor discussed with the Prime Minister the floods in the North East of India.
This will be for all government employees whether in rural or urban areas. This distribution of ration cards to government employees has been done without proper supervision. Your cards will be sent on or before the 15th of this month.
At present, the state government does not have such a policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today will meet with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU), Bah PN Syiem to discuss three issues. crore for the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road, the Railway Line and others.
However, we can say that this will continue to increase over time.
“Such activities cannot be done without the protection of the government authorities.
It is this partnership that characterizes India as the fastest growing economy, as multiple people have pointed out, this year and next year.
However, as it turns out, those who make our bill lights don't think that we are the payers and not the consumers, or maybe they are blind or don't have the sympathy, because how can they make full bills to the people? the electricity is not available.
In such a situation, prevention and treatment is essential, he said insisting on following Covid safety measures.
He said that without the memory of the deeds and sacrifices of these heroes who gave their lives which led to independence, we cannot move forward.
The account of the Congress party has been seized by the Income Tax after the Congress party failed to submit the 2018-2019 assessment, which political parties have to submit to the Income Tax. every year.
Therefore, the HFU urges the farmers to be united and not to be charged kilos for their products, except for the kriah or byrni shang which contains the products.
The Committee will complete this work within two months.
This will apply to those doctors on general duty in the Central Army and also those in the Assam Riffle. The retirement age for specialists has been increased from 60 to 65 years.
Over the next four days, more than 350 barikor will be conducting these traditional demonstrations.
Why can't the KHADC authorities work through the technology used by school children like google meet and zoom?
Bah Suchiang has been a winner in all the competitions from the regional level, national level and international level since the beginning of the preparations for this tournament. who have been selected from Meghalaya to take part in the competition.
These notices were written in Khasi without any signature and no names were revealed as to which group they belonged to.
This is the 77th passport office in Shillong. Previously, people who wanted to apply for a passport had to go to Guwahati but now they can apply in Shilong. .
The truck belonged to the 5th Battalion of Samgong.
Shillong, Nialar 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today discussed with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, the Central Government's intention to amend the Constitution of the country. “One Hundred and Twenty-Fifth Amendment) Bill, 2019 relating to District Councils in Meghalaya.
Who will be responsible for the cost of setting up RTI offices especially in the poor Shnongs, Raids and Himas which have no income?
He said two teams of police under the leadership of the Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) and Sub Inspector have been sent to ensure peace and order along the border.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, said that if anyone has any information, please contact the Superintendent of Police, 94363-37946, Dy.Superintendent of Police, 98627-6 873L0-62L96 l.
This is a statement sent by Greaterson Nongsiang, President, KSU Nongtynniaw Unit.
Afterwards, the meeting was opened by Rangbah WHD Syngkon, Rangbah Shnong, Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar, who held a 10 minute silence in memory of all the former Chief Executive Members who passed away. .
Police have arrested four GNLA members from the area, one of whom has been seriously injured and has been killed. He was rushed to Tura Civil Hospital but died of bleeding.
It has achieved the goal of the campaign that everyone should take cleanliness as their responsibility.
Total recoveries so far are 1393, 75 recoveries today, 13 deaths, 93,817 samples taken, 90516 negative and the results are still pending. There were 675 ap and 33009 returnees.
KHNAM President Adelbert Nongrum said in a statement.
On the other hand, the BSf troops have always thought that they want to help the people on the border with Bangladesh.
The PMGSY road at Umphyrnai is 4.552 KM long at a cost of more than T.2 crore and it is expected that it will be completed soon.
They have laid a stone near Umpung village to try to improve the flow of water from the Umngi River by laying stones but because they have not laid a jar of silver, the spur of the water has been destroyed. same color.
Shillong, Lber 8: Meghalaya today celebrated the International Women's Day across the state.
Chief Commissioner Income Tax Shillong, Ranmoy Das, Chief Commissioner of Income Tax Shillong, on Tuesday said that the ethnic groups of the North Eastern Region of India have been treated fairly. exempted under section 10(26) of the Income Tax Act, but exempted in accordance with the rules.
This order shall come into force from 25 th JUNE 2022 until further notice.
At this ceremony, memorabilia and certificates were awarded to the students as well as to the students of BA and B.Com.
Shillong, November 25: The United Democratic Party (UDP) is in the midst of a crisis in which one of the party's leaders has been appointed. he fought against the organization he called the founder.
The meeting was led by Bah Fantin Lakadong, Executive Member in charge of Taxation and Bah Teibor Pathaw, Executive Member in charge of Land Department. and officers of the Enforcement Department.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Meghalaya Land Forest Owners Association (MLFOA) has congratulated the Additional PCCF, CFO and DFO. (T) who convened the meeting on the draft Indian Forest Act 1927 and also the meeting expressed its gratitude to Bah Tienwell Dkhar, MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC who appointed the 17-member committee. Members of the MLFOA to consider the proposal of the Government of India to amend the Indian Forest Act
The agreement between the governments of India and Bangladesh was made without consulting the land owners and the rulers who know better the land.
During the raid, there was an exchange of fire between the police and the insurgents in the area and the clash lasted for about 25 minutes.
Shillong, July 30: Dr Larilin Kharpuri today appointed as the new Registrar of Martin Luther Christian University, Donald Ingty.
The union urges the Home Department through the Minister in charge of Police Department, Roshan Warjri to immediately dismiss the two Chief Police Officers, Bah W. Muksor and Bah W. Rymbai. If the government does not listen to this within the next few days, the union will conduct more intense protest programmes.
On the other hand, the TMC said that MSSASA president Aristotle Rymbai has said that they have no choice but to come out and demand their salary. for five months.
The EM in charge of the department said that out of the 35 Himas, 11 Himas have been accepted by the House but all these have been returned to the KHADC. by the government.
Shillong, July 03: U Nabam Vikek, one of the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) in Arunachal Pradesh, has sent a letter to the State President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Arunachal Pradesh. In his letter of resignation from the NPP, he said that the party has changed its mind on the CAB and now it has become CAA. Sangma said that the CAB has attracted the youth but the change of attitude has surprised all the people especially the youth.
Babu Timothy Dhar is a teacher of Motor Vehicle Mechanics at Government Industrial Training Institute, Rynjah, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 29: Holi was celebrated in Meghalaya today but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, many people have celebrated Holi in their own homes. house without cleaning.
This peace of mind has two parts, one is to thank the Creator and the second is to ask for the blessings of the Creator for the new year.
The Office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima has decided to close down the road connecting Umdud to Zero Point after the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu on the 10th of this month ordered the closure of the road. by ordering the closure of the tax collection gate of the Hima Sohra.
The meeting unanimously decided to establish the All Meghalaya School's Parents Association and elected various office bearers. Banshai Marbaniang was elected as the new President.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has strongly condemned the statement of Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA of the UDP, who said that they have no intention of overthrowing the government but they want to overthrow the government. replace the leader.
The Prime Minister said that no one is exempt from the hands of the law whether he is a leader, civil society or a private individual, the law exists and everyone should obey the law.
All that remains now is for the government to start implementing it.
“I don't want to blame myself for what I have done as an MP in the last 10 years, I believe the people know better what I have done as long as I have the power as an MP,” he said. Mr. Vincent H Turmeric.
Shillong, November 23: The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has requested for heavy water pumps as what they have now cannot pump the water that has flowed from the nearby well. now the sixth day has ended only in the pumping of water.
“These two departments strongly suspect us that there is something behind it because once the ear tags are installed it proves that they are suitable for eating meat and it will put in trouble those who are involved in the smuggling. He said that this intention to implement the government's plan will encourage the meat farmers to sell the cows because it will be the freedom for the farmers to Bangladesh is illegally traded.
The team was led by Bah B.Shkhar, one of the senior officers to supervise the funeral of Bah Marwein, who was found dead in the synrum together with the employees of Shillong Municipal. Board and this trend will continue.
The KSU requests all religious organizations , Sengbhalang , private individuals and all the people of Hynniewtrep to participate in this rally and to demand justice for the killing of this fellow citizen .
The meeting was conducted by Bah Sanbor Shullai President of the party, who is also the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Out of the 60 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly today, only 52 MLAs turned out to vote for the presidential election. said Bah FR Kharkongor, Returning Officer for the election.
Another incident which has affected the people of the state is the ban on coal mining by the NGT which has imposed a strong law with the aim of protecting the environment but which has affected the lives and livelihoods of the people. NGT should introduce a scientific method of mining coal which will not affect the environment and will not deprive the people of jobs. The increase in petrol and diesel prices every year even though the Congress government has been in power for 40 years has affected the people especially the poor. work that has affected the poor people.
The Executive Engineer of the National Highway said that the NHIDCL has been directed to repair the road at Ryndang Briew and the drawings have been sent to the central government company.
Shillong, July 05: The Union Government in 2019 has introduced a policy to increase the income of farmers in the country by double. Authority (APEDA) is not responsible for this.
Through this road, it has been seen since ancient times that parents who come to school with their children often have to park their cars to walk without haste because they are happy to walk along the road.
The deceased was identified as Iohbor Kharsohnoh, 46, of 7-Miles Upper Shillong.
As a journalist in the field of photography, he is a person who is involved in government meetings, village meetings, District Councils and many public meetings as allowed by the job.
Shillong, Lber 31: The JSU has strongly warned Gopal Dey and his committee not to accuse the KSU members of killing two Dakhars in Ichamati.
The 50th anniversary of the Indian Army's victory against Pakistan was celebrated by the 101st Soldiers who first set foot in Decca at that time. now like Dhaka.
In his speech, the Governor also mentioned the peace talks with the HNLC which are ongoing, which also plays a role in the border settlement with the Assam government. .
Employees of the Office of the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Shillong, under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Finance, Government of India who received detailed information from intelligence agencies that there is a smuggling of foreign gold They raided a Maruti EECO Van in a vehicle heading to Barpeta on Tuesday and seized a Maruti EECO Van.
If the party had any intention of stirring up trouble, it should have stirred up trouble when more than a thousand people attended the rally, but the party did not have such an intention. what a tragic event.
The number of returnees so far is 12,4
The CoRP expresses its regret over the government's delay in opening the school which has been built specifically for the welfare of the students.
Sangma congratulated the people of Malangkona who came forward to help the Government to work as contractors and to provide equipment.
A total of 94041 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92336 have recovered and 1594 have died so far in the state.
Of these, the Fire Service Medal for Courage will be awarded to two persons who have shown courage in the line of duty.
The purpose of this alliance between the ethnic parties is to form a government in 2018 by a government that is neither Congress nor BJP. state.
As the authorities in charge of the villages, I request you that if you find or know anyone who has committed such acts as mentioned above please inform this office immediately and they will be punished according to the law.
Loans up to T 10 lakh are now supported by the Federal Government-Sponsored Trust.
On the other hand, the police who are investigating these incidents should use their understanding that the people do not want to commit these crimes to take human life. that riew takes advantage.
She is now helping women in the area to register in self help groups.
This is due to the heavy rainfall but so far the situation in the state is calm but nevertheless, the department urges the people to be vigilant as the state has started witnessing heavy rainfall in these months. a few days.
Shillong, Nailar 18: A group of Rangbah Shnongs and civil society organizations from Mawlai area today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister regarding the decision taken at the meeting on the shooting death of Bah Chersiterfield. Stay at your house in Kynton Massar.
On this occasion, the Governor visited the Durga Temple and the stones at Nartiang.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Speaking at the 43rd Anniversary of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), the Chief Officer of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, said that he has had knowledge of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) since 1982 and The first in the house was a member of the party, Babu Gardon Bareh.
Prestone said that the District Council does not have the right to register those who come to Meghalaya according to the law passed by the state government. the Department of Labor according to the law.
Looking at the condition of the roads, paths and villages, it can be seen that there is no such development that comes through tourism.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that although the railway line in Garo Hills has been completed at Mendipathar, but until now the announcements have been made in the railway but the youth of Garo Hills have not been able to do so. He said that he will speak to the Chief Minister on this issue.
“We will take strong action against all those who oppose and disrupt the puja and we have strengthened the security forces in collaboration with the Home Guard Department to ensure a peaceful Durga Puja. “The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, told reporters at her office at the Secretariat.
The Government of Meghalaya has agreed to make tourism one of the sources of employment for the people of Meghalaya and the country as a whole. The roads in Sohra are bad.
Most of these shops which opened today under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima Iewduh are facing GS Road, but as they are still under the jurisdiction of the Iewduh, the Syiem Police have ordered the closure. .
Shillong, July 12: Parvati Nair from Meghalaya has won a silver medal in the All India Sub Junior Archery Championship held at Rothak on Tuesday. on the 6th of this month.
He said that it is true that this has been a shame in front of the people, which is why the MTDC wants to see that this work is completed.
The Trading and Business Permit for Non Indigenous People to Prohibit the Illegal Trading of Indigenous People in Bri Hynniewtrep.
The decision is also to reduce the number of books, as at present for Class-I to Class-III there are one books approved by MBOSE while in NCERT there are only four books, from For class V, there are 17 books of MBOSE while less than 10 books of NCERT.
Furthermore, the need for soil testing, seeds, fertilizers and information on various farmer-related schemes reach farmers through various groups in an unsystematic manner.
In this regard, he also asked the DC of Ri Bhoi to ensure that the farmers should not face any problems.
Shillong, March 13: Meghalaya Police today arrested Rajesh Sinha from his residence in Karimganj, Assam on charges of stealing money from Vishal Mega. Mart T.2 lakh.
On the other hand, the KHADC has suggested that the government should amend its rule 3 by introducing the right to quarry for the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment and Guarantee schemes. Schemes and other schemes from the government.
Latham said the BDO has not answered his request but has given a summary. His RTI request is to know how much shyiap, how much mawria, how much dewbilat has been purchased, but the BDO has not. The answer to that question was summarized in the RTI received.
The DC's statement clearly states that the police stations are incompetent and unable to protect the people.
She also stressed on the need to support those who have talent from the rural areas and to promote them to become leaders in sports.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to invite students who wish to learn more about the customs and traditions of the Khasi people to write articles for the benefit of the Khasi people. of the generations to come.
Answering a question on the President's Proclamation 1950, the Minister said that this is another issue which has nothing to do with the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
At this public meeting, he also criticized the leaders of various political parties for their inability to fulfill their promises. “Many MDCs including Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit , Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and others have immediately resigned because of the Am Ar Maloi Act introduced by the State Government just because they don't understand the Act. public state.
The Government should implement the Inner Line Permit in the state and should also immediately resolve the boundary of the state before thinking about the railway.
The Director said that two people have died of COVID-19 today, one from West Garo Hills District and one from South West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to 100 so far in the state.
This order will apply only to those constituencies which will hold mid-term elections, not to all the districts.
At public meetings, Conrad said that Bajengdoba and Kharkuta Constituencies are lagging behind in terms of roads.
He said that at the DG Level meeting held in the capital of Bangladesh, the BSF gave evidence of the presence of insurgent bases from this area to the north of the country. Bangladesh and the Bangladesh side have also taken action to expel the insurgents from the north of the country, but the problem is that those in Bangladesh have given one name. The BSF said that the counterfeit currency smuggled from Bangladesh to India which was seized at Jan Malda in West Bengal was the work of the ISI of Pakistan. by employing its people through Bangladesh.
That is why I took immediate action so that the people would not suffer.
SP City Vivek Syiem said the collision occurred on GS Road Mawlai Iewrynhep and the two deceased were riding in a scooty.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, while opening the Parish in Mawpdang, announced that Rev. Sebastian Tirkey will be the first spiritual leader to visit the people of God in the Parish. the authority of the Canon Law of the Catholic Church.
There are 98 people who are still sick.
The winners of this tournament will qualify for the country's physical education programs and those who win will go to Italy for the Olympic qualifying tournament.
The song is sung in Hindi and 12 other languages ​​of the country namely Bengali, Marathi, Gujarati, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam, Assamese, Odia, Kashmiri and Santali.
This speech, especially at this time, has led to many problems and has destroyed us as a nation.
The KSU said that they should understand that UCIL is only a department and needs to be cleared for uranium mining and AMD so that it can bring peace to the future of UCIL. the region and the Nation.
These households should be recognized by the State Governments or by any agency recognized by the Government and for this purpose the Central Government has laid down the rules on how to do so. receive poor and unemployed households this special recognition.
On the other hand, the President has empowered the newly appointed departments to expand their work in their respective constituencies.
Shillong, March 26: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today swore in the new MLA of the 26-Shella Constituency. of the 26-Shella constituency in office today.
The injured were identified as Inspector Tarson Sangma and Police Constable Banai. They were taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
Digital transformation is critical to bringing tourism under a single framework and will increase competition between tourism and accommodation-oriented businesses.
The first batch of training was inaugurated by Subhash Joshi, IPS, DG BSF on 13th October and ended today.
The meeting was attended by various civil society groups including MPSO, HANM Mawshynrut Circle, GSU, FKJGP, and other civil society groups from across Garo Hills. elders, together with the residents of the neighboring village.
"The total time between the vacancy announcement and the issuance of the appointment letter has been reduced significantly," Modi explained.
Speaking to media, he said that according to the order of the National Green Tribunal, District Councils should also be involved in the implementation of the cleaning of garbage from the villages together with the Dorbars. village.
There were no casualties in this natural disaster except for those who were seriously injured.
The peace talks were signed in Delhi with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
There will be Khasi and Jaintia dances as well.
ANVC(B) leaders said that many times they have listened to what the ANVC leaders are doing. who are within the ANVC(B).
The shops belong to Sngur Khongjoh and Mary Khongjoh.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: A fire has struck Lapangap village in Thadlaksien Block of West Jaintia Hills District at 12.51 pm today.
The total number of participants in the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 was 809, 397 boys, 412 girls and 36 team officials from all districts. the State.
“This is not the first time that HNLC leaders including the Chairman and Finance Secretary have been summoned during the peace talks.
However, if this allegation is like a dream of Ms Pelcy, it shows that she is not yet qualified to be a candidate to contest election in any Legislative Assembly, because it appears that she does not trust herself but only in you party.
She also said that she is a soldier and has held key positions in the BJP Minority Morcha and also as a National Executive Member.
On the other hand , as a Jaitbynriew , the KSU has suffered from such leaders in the past years through their tricks , the KSU says that they speak clearly that they cannot trust this statement of Bah H.S. Shylla and let him produce the clean soh first and they will look after Kata.
“The police's willingness to fire tear gas at teachers or political parties is something we have to condemn and shows the inability of the police to act in accordance with the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills Circle under the leadership of Bah Michal Chyrmang in the presence of President of FKJGP-Jaintia Zone and led by Bah Marhok Kynti Marboh Vice President of FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills today held a meeting. Trading License, Labor License in Ladrymbai and Dkhiah West.
It is said that Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah used the Ryntieh and Khnam and the strongest laws are the Ryntieh and Khnam for the Khasi people in this state.
Speaking to reporters, Nepolian Mawphniang President of the Union said that the purpose of the meeting was to raise the issues of more than 500 contract workers. These schools are located in Shillong and Tura.
Shillong, March 28: U DP Nasar Marwein MDC from Langrin Constituency passed away this morning at NEIGHRIMS Hospital after a long illness.
Students from poor families have faced a lot of difficulties as they cannot afford to buy books due to the government's delay in the scholarship.
Meghalaya is one of the states most affected by the disease but the government has been able to fight against the spread of Khishoh, but to strengthen to curb the spread of the disease. Therefore, it is necessary to treat this disease as a spreading disease, if there is such a disease, a notification must be issued.
Sarmah, Chief Technical Officer (CTO) Shree Narayan and Head Corporate Affairs (C&M) Mr.Samarjeet Thakur.
On this occasion, the teachers under the APSTA umbrella showcased their skills in traditional dance as well as modern dance.
The Government has a responsibility to ensure that teachers are not allowed to leave.
The incident has been reported to the WGH District Police Station.
This should be conducted in an orderly manner to ensure social distancing.
The two organizations said that if the Commission does not listen and violate the rights of the Jaintia people, they will take other measures.
The number of cases in the districts is 6 cases in East Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 190 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 6 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The meeting of the two parties, the NPP and the BJP from Ranikor Constituency held in Shillong, has reached an agreement that the two parties will work together to nominate only one candidate. candidate for the MDC election 2019 from this constituency.
Ampareen said the government wants to help resolve the problems they have.
She also congratulated the SHGs and FPOs who brought their products for sale at the shop.
MSSASA said that the results announced by NIOS on July 22 are not accurate and there are many errors in the marking of teachers even though they are from the same place where they went. to be trained in Workshop Based Activities (WBA) and the method of training in this area is similar to the previously published results which are unacceptable.
These two men came to complete the weapons.
In this meeting, the KSU also raised the question regarding those who are over the age of 18 and why they don't have a voting card, when they have a machine. to see if there are any names in the two places and if there are such people this machine will automatically remove the names of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Khasi Sudden Students Union (KSU) and the Youth Union of South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Speech on the drug trafficking in South West Khasi Hills District.
These shops and small businesses, when they become PDOs, can earn more money from the sale of the internet without the need for permission, registration or any payment to the DoT. Those who wish to apply for PDO and the general public can express their wish to participate in this meeting through online means and can also give their suggestions to the relevant authorities.
All those who test negative through RAT should undergo RT-PCR test. Ensure immediate quarantine of those infected in designated Covid-19 health centres.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Meghalaya Road Construction Department has constructed a parking lot at Mylliem Khatarmer near the Umtyngar River so that tourists especially those who come to visit can park their vehicles.
At this programme, the Hima Nongkhlaw also presented a Memorandum to the Chief Guest requesting to erect a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Nongkhlaw. and to build a Children's Park as part of the memory of this hero of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today conferred the degree of Doctor of Letters on Kanubhai Hasmukhbhai Tailor.
He said India has found a new way to win in four sports compared to the previous tournament.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The 42nd Meghalaya Signal Company (NCC) together with St Paul's Higher Secondary School and Mawkhan Village in Marbisu today conducted a cleanliness drive.
The online portal for the PM CARES for Children scheme has been opened at 15.07.2021 to register and identify those who are eligible to benefit. have lost their parents or guardians or parents due to COVID-19 since
Shangpliang said he has received an order from the Minister of PHE that in June, the SDO of PHE Mawsynram will walk along the entire border and enter every village to survey on how to provide drinking water to the villages from Ryngku to Dangar.
The union wants the government to clarify on this issue and also the district council, because if no one has given permission how can AMD and UCIL go to Mawthabah and Nongbah Jynrin to mine uranium.
The Secretary of the Sohiong Hima in charge of the Mawtmur Raid, Bah PF Nongrang, was present at the meeting and explained the origins of the Hima and how it has been since. today today.
Furthermore, to implement the target of 100 per cent waste collection, the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) will immediately stop collecting waste from 1st March, If anyone is found not to separate the garbage from the hillside, they will be fined according to the Meghalaya SWM Bye Laws
The KSU has found many shortcomings in the Open Category.
After this, there was a collaboration in the government and in the collaboration I found that Dr Donkupar Roy is a man who doesn't have much ideas but when he speaks he speaks briefly but the words are very meaningful and He recalled that only Dr Donkupar has been able to hold all three seats in the state, as the Chief Minister, Leader of the Opposition and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The first speech was delivered by the President of the Association, Bah Danny Dunai who spoke on how as citizens they should have responsibility and how to respect the time and also the work they do.
Meanwhile, the leader of the group, Kong Ampareen, has not been appointed.
If this is the case, the government should not have taken any measures to protect Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Chandra Mohan Jha Foundation, which runs the CMJ University in the state, has written to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma saying that the university runs according to the rules of the UGC. , the findings of the Governor of the State of Errors are incomprehensible.
The establishment of these Entry-Exit Points is based on the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act,
The MIDC is one of the corporations of the Meghalaya government which has been able to stand on its own feet in the past years but now it is in danger due to the government's shimsting.
Another demand of the union is the problem of the people in parts of Nartiang area as a whole in relation to the Nartiang to Khanduli road.
The Union Minister said that out of 6449 villages in Meghalaya, 97 villages have cooperative groups.
At the same time, the PWD in charge of the road has given training to the state workers in the construction of the road.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone urged them to stay where they are, to suffer until the 30th of this month. Students who have stayed outside the state who have not returned.
He said that in the BJP party there is no separation for anyone to join the party, because the motto of the BJP is, the country will come first, the party will come last and finally the service. .
The Government should strive to reduce wastage of funds and at the same time should find ways and means to increase revenue from taxes and non-taxes as well.
Through the State part, Meghalaya will have up to T.216 crore in 2020-21 to implement the JJM. national priority and that the State has to do whatever it takes to achieve this in a timely manner.
At the meeting today, the Government of Meghalaya has decided to open a market at San Mer, Hynniewmer, Mawkasiang Football Ground, Urkaliar Parking Lot, Lawmei Shilliang Um, Sohryngkham. Smith, Mawryngkneng, Lawai Marbisu and Laitkor.
In this celebration of the Silver Jubilee, not only the development works that have been done in the last 25 years in the District will be mentioned.
The union strongly criticizes the government and the district authorities by asking whether the corona virus affects only the villagers.
The objective of the NESFB is to improve savings, create job opportunities to increase income in the North East and the Bank aims to increase its employees and more specifically to young man from cat you bag.
The AMDA has raised several questions to the government why the government has not done anything about it even though many talented young children have lost their jobs but the government does not have a policy for the children. they shall not be able to stand.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban trucks from passing on the bridge on the Ri Manar River carrying more than 18 kg. MT.This bridge is very old and dangerous and if it collapses it can cause injury and block the traffic of the people.
He urged the Nonglait Kur to write to the Central Government or the State Government to help in the construction of the monument to this great man. part of the memory of this hero.
Monami Parbin, 27, Darsisha Mary Kharbamon, 22, and Monalisa Shangpliang, 22, have been charged under Section 366A IPC. w Section 17 POCSO Act because they were the ones who led this child to fall into this crime. They have also been charged under the POCSO Act.
B.(i) of  The  Administration of Mylliem Syiemship Rules 2015 and processes for registration of record of right.
Therefore, I urge you, as the builders of the country, to help educate the poor children who are lagging behind in our society.
to target the disabled and widows in Block
The National Expert Group on Vaccines for COVID-19 (NEGVAC) has also commented on this.
Bhishma Narian Singh was born in 1933 in Jharkhand and died on 01st November 2018. He was appointed as the fourth Governor of Meghalaya on 16th June He served as Governor of the State until 10 January
Shillong, July 05: Meghalaya has attracted people from all over the world and the shooting of a third English film titled “Mountain Dews” has started. it is still beginning in these days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Willbornson Wahlang won the gold medal in the 2nd North East Olympic Games, 2022 in the MTB Downhill Hardtail Men's Race held at Malki Forest today.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Congress candidate Jotin Khardewsaw from the Congress party and Kitborlang Nongrem from the NPP today filed their nomination papers for the mid-term MDC elections in the 26-Langrim MDC constituency. .
Shangpliang demanded that the Minister should provide two four buses in Bhowal area, two buses at Dangar, two buses from Mawsynram to Shillong and two buses for the area. One bus is for Lawbah and the other is for Sawsymper.
In the midst of this fierce fight, Kumar managed to win.
There are 51 recoveries from the disease today, 95803 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 93471 people have recovered, 93471 people have died so far. There were 1609 cases.
Jowai, March 30: The JSU and JYF in a meeting today decided to demand from the government through the personal Dept.
There are 24 recoveries from the disease today, 111 cases are still in critical condition, 33 cases are undergoing treatment in East Khasi Hills, 22 cases in Ri Bhoi. 1, South Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills 5, West Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
The school was established in 1967 and has been running despite many difficulties and today the 50th Anniversary of the school was opened in the midst of celebration.
This will not only help in transportation but will help the farmers to sell their produce.
The development of airports requires greenfield airports and the development of existing brownfield airports and this will be funded by the private sector in collaboration with the Airports Authority of India.
The shop was opened today at Kyndiah Market on the road from Iawmusiang to Tpepale.
About 50.23 percent in Shillong seat and 46.67 percent in Tura have turned out to cast their votes till 1 pm on Thursday.
He said that the demand to upgrade the Umshaken subcenter to a PHC has already been submitted by the villagers and the office of the DMHO Ribhoi. to send a report to the Directorate and the current situation is that the Government will approve the upgradation of this sub center.
The death toll has risen to 502 with 19 deaths from East Khasi Hills, 14 from East Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. whole.
During the investigation, the residents of the area admitted that they came from Assam and Uttar Pradesh.
The fire has caused heavy traffic jam in Garikhana area and vehicles coming from Mawlai area have been diverted through Motphran road.
On the other hand, the BSF, after completing the requirements according to the law, will hand over the seized goods to the Customs for completion of the requirements according to the law.
The Meghalaya government has also implemented the Green Meghalaya programme, which rewards villages that have been able to preserve and protect forests.
Whether Prestone is speaking as a private person or is it the government's road, the HSPDP wants an explanation.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The announcement by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District has pleased the people of the area.
Shillong, November 04: MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that in 2018, 12 MLAs have left the party and those who have not contested are Dr. DD Lapang, Dr. Roshan Warjri, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and Dr. RC Laloo.
To improve the maintenance of the bridges around the villages of the area and to do more services for the development of the village and to bring peace to the country and the nation. hi all.
Our people are accustomed to having uninterrupted movement between the two countries.
Referring to agriculture, he said that the synsar produced in Meghalaya has a large market in other parts of India.
The Chief Minister said that the visit of the Prime Minister to Meghalaya has a great significance for the state, as the Prime Minister of India has inaugurated many development projects in the state. At the same time, he laid the foundation stone for the implementation of schemes in the state on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the NEC.
He said that the union has demanded from the contractors or people who carry out various works within the boundary of the circle to provide the documents and all the requirements of their employees. and if they cannot, they shall not allow the people to work or carry out any work.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended a training session conducted by the Legislative Research Program (LRP) at Parliament.
GSu General Secretary Rockey FM Sangma said they have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner regarding their demand.
The CEC was held at Orchid Hall Thadlaskein and hundreds of members from all over Jaintia Hills and Shillong attended the meeting.
The release of the coconut was in the midst of tight security inside the market.
“The government should take into consideration the situation in Garo Hills and we urge to bring peace and stability to the people in Garo Hills,” she said.
He said that initially, there was a problem for the industry to self-report on the platform.
Referring to the railway line, Hamlet Dohling said the party stands firmly against the railway line which has not yet received adequate protection from the influx of foreigners. The demand for ILP is now in the hands of the Central Government.
Plastic is used to build roads and there are many ways to do such things and eliminate problems.
The inauguration was held in the presence of Additional Magistrate BD Sangma.
There are 343 cases in East Khasi Hills, 147 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 69 cases in West Jaintia Hills. 3931 people.
The HITO said that there are three secondary schools in the area with between 150 and 170 students and these schools are about 35 km away from each other. students have to walk to reach the examination centres.
During the march, one of the signs carried on the day read that “Delhi police are murderers” and another read “We are Indians”.
The Vice President of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, Bah Seiborlang Lyngdoh Nonglait, strongly condemned the act of this foreigner who killed Bah Kyrmenskhem and requested the law enforcement authorities to take action against him. it should be brought to justice so that the thief involved can be punished.
In this regard, the Asst General Secretary of TGCSU, Balrang Raka Ch.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of action by the Government through the MeECL Department to install a transformer in the Umkiang Pahar Village.
In Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui unfurled the flag and took the salute at the celebration held at Amlarem Government Lower Primary School.
The demand to amend paragraph 20 is to return the Municipal Area or Normal Shillong Area to the KHADC in order to maintain the rule of law.
Shillong, Lber 25: A child who went missing from Laitumkhrah has been found from Mawlai today.
The Election Department has already prepared polling stations in all the polling stations in the state and as it is time to vote, it has also prepared rain shelters for the people who will come to vote. except for the slap.
In their resignation letter, the four leaders of the party expressed their desire to resign from their posts in the district so that they can spend time working in the district. Donkupar Sumer, the party's candidate for the Umsning MLA constituency in
This government has a responsibility for the peace and order and this is why the government has appointed a Judicial Inquiry and as a party we find that the present government has taken more responsibility than the other governments. the former.
“All this can be witnessed through the schemes that the BJP government has brought to the people like Ujjala, Vishwakarma, PMAY, Atal Pension Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana, Ayushman Bharat, Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, Prime Minister's Health Insurance Scheme and other other.
He was appointed as the interim DGP of the state in 2009 and is well aware of the difficulties of being in the post of DGP in the state. the greatest opposition from the political leaders.
Shillong, July 18: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Bah Damewanhi L Rymbai, Organizing Secretary, today submitted a petition to the CEM of JHADC. Ma Thombor Shiwat to demand the payment of salaries of the employees of JHADC which has been suspended for about 13 months.
These include a Networking Workshop on the Hub and Spoke Model for BPOs, a meeting on expanding the work and achieving the goals of the Common Services Center and another meeting on the Government eMarket Place (GeM).
The driver of the truck and the sugar were handed over to the Umkiang Out Post Police for further investigation.
Speaking on the occasion, the residents of Umniuh Tmar village also expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops who were willing to lend their right hand to help the village which is on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Rajya Sabha MP of the BJP today during his visit to Shillong met with the party leaders to get information on the peace process. This is the state of Meghalaya.
The investigation is ongoing.
Government Spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters, said, yes, some of these foreign trips are on invitations, meetings, trips such as groups and so on in various programs such as foreign funded projects, special training and others.
Therefore, the idea came up to convert the existing fertilizer shops where farmers used to visit the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samriddhi Kendra (PMKSK), a central place to meet the needs of the farmers.
Some of the important points of the order are, the registration forms will start from 14th June to 20th June, 2023 from 11 am to 5 pm from the KSU Office. Nomination forms should be submitted to the office of the party from 15th June to 20th June, 2023 until 5 pm and the registration if any will be held on 21st June until 5 pm. 5 p.m.
M.Danggo in Ampati and Roshan Warjri in Resubelpara.
Other speakers at the meeting were the President of the Seng Khasi Riwar Mih Ngi, Bah and the General Secretary who gave a report on the work of the Seng since 1989 till date.
The driver of the vehicle woke up in the morning and planned to go to work but when he tried to save the vehicle it didn't work and when he looked inside he found that the battery of the vehicle had been stolen.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: There are 21 new cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 18 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 1 has 280 cases.
“When they came home, they were locked up, in fact there was no light because the highest floor was a bedroom, the lights were in the lowest bedroom, what I saw was only blood and bullets on the ground".
After being released by the police, Bah Khraw lodged a complaint against Bah King Rani, Bantei Rani, Aikos Mary Sawkmie, Roy Rani, Rangbah Shnong of Mawliehpoh Village and Bah Kral Rangslang, Rangbah Shnong of Pomsanngut. he was illegally imprisoned.
He said that the Meghalaya Service Rules 1975 under section 9 Para (ii) clearly states that “the application card of candidates can be upgraded if they belong to a special ethnic group such as rules whether general or special and the Government shall review them from time to time.
It is learned that on the second day he was working in the office and was also in his room but in the evening he fell ill and died early in the morning at his home in Jowai.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, PN Syiem said that the discussion today was on Rule 128 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya. Council Rule) 1951 as amended.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the scheme has been implemented through the Land Conservation Department of the Government and the having these places to den the water will help restore the green ecosystem.
The police have provided food and drink for them.
Bah Kharkongor and Bah Kharmaliki informed the Mawiong Village Authority and they rushed out and arrested the suspects.
“Expressing her dissatisfaction with the decision to close the vehicles passing through this road and to set a time limit for the movement of vehicles, Kong Wankhar said, , and people with disabilities need to be dropped off or picked up from care facilities.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, has appealed to the public not to be deceived or intimidated by smugglers who pretend to be from the Central Government departments, such as Custom, CBI, NCB. and others, just to rob money from the wicked.
Many directives have been issued to the States and Union Territories (UTs) to take the necessary precautionary measures to curb the spread of the disease.
Anderson Consultation has already submitted a proposal for a total amount of T.17.33 lakh for the construction of the two outlets while T.14.52 lakh has been allocated. for the construction of a septic tank.
Leaders of the students' unions, KSU, ASU, NSU, ASU, TSU, MSU, GSU, all said that the central government should listen to the demands of the students' unions in the area. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 will not be implemented if the Central Government does not have the authority to listen to the opinions of the people of this area. Speakers from the leaders of these student unions demanded that the central government should expel the foreigners who have invaded the area, but the sad thing is that the central government has not It wants to encourage more foreigners to come to the area so that the indigenous people become minorities in the state.
H Lamin who is also the Pro VC of NEHU and at the same time who is also the Chairman of the Task Force Committee to oversee the smooth running of the Community College in Wahiajer West Jaintia Hills.
The Fourteenth Finance Commission has not provided anything for the ADCs and has said that the provisions of Parts IX and IXA of the Constitution cannot be implemented in Meghalaya.
He said the BJP wants to cheat so that the political parties cannot hold protests because the people of the state will celebrate Christmas and New Year, but the FKJGP will not refuse to hold protests and will. I don't trust the government led by Conrad Sangma who has lied against the people and misled the government.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that “This Day of Human Rights” to be celebrated all over the world is very important when it comes to such a topic. especially in terms of human rights.
He said that in developed countries, electricity and water supplies are cut off when they fail to vote, while in India, the people have the freedom to vote as they wish.
The purpose of the appointment of the Executive Committee of KHADC is to seek the opinions and views of the people regarding the proposal of the District Council to prepare the Delimitation Bill for the purpose of regulating the 29 There are 10 constituencies in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Those who first discovered the incident were youths and when they saw that there were two men sleeping on the ground, they informed the neighbors and the police who came to the scene. to do what is right.
The total number of cases in the state so far is 640, of which 498 cases are in East Khasi Hills District, 194 cases in BSF, 243 cases in civilians and 61 cases in army.
On this basis, the Discipline Secretary of the JSM urged the JSM and the non-Jaintia people to be united in any work for the development of the people of Jaintia Hills and the Jaintia Hills. The whole state.
The chief guest on the occasion, Swami Anuraganandaji Maharaj, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra, congratulated the students who have joined this institution which is famous for its contribution around the world.
Shillong, Naitung 08: U Bah DK Wahlang, who commits such crimes (illegal collection of money) should stop immediately and if they do not stop they will be punished under Section 383/384 IPC. Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Mawsynram, said that “We don't recognize the Mawsynram Khasi Hima” which appeared in the newspapers in which Bah Tyllilang Myrthong is a member. President and Batista as Secretary.
Therefore, we demand that they should be arrested immediately whether they belong to any group or we demand that the JNU Administration should immediately withdraw the decision to increase the tuition fees at JNU. Students of North East Hill University today expressed their strong opposition to the attack on students at JNU in Delhi.
The stolen items include two HP Laptops, one Micromax Mobile, one Tablet, two Laptop Chargers and one Mobile Charger, 10 pairs of clothes, shoes and a bag of clothes. The police have registered a complaint.
Prime Minister Duh spoke about India's efforts to ensure that there will be no developed countries known as 'first world' or developed countries known as 'third world' in this world but there will be beat only one world.
Regarding the mid-term elections, there are three MLA constituencies, Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala. They have submitted their names to the AICC for approval.
Shillong, November 27: Elgiva G Rynjah, President of the 17-North Shillong TMC Block, on Tuesday said that the number of registered members of the party's We Card for women has reached 100,0 until today.
There are 64 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 54 from West Khasi Hills and 5 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 82,2 .
The Seng knows that the thylliej will no longer be able to explain and the sia will no longer be able to mark because its works are so great that the wealth of thousands will no longer be able to keep up with the contribution. greatness that thou hast given unto the nation.
Tura, March 26: The residents of Matchakolgre village in Tura have been angry to see that the government road construction department has not done anything to improve the road in the village. walk too slowly than the eye.
Shillong, July 25: U Minister in charge of Rural Development, Salang Sangma today resigned from the post of Minister and MLA of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and from the Congress party.
A total of 101 participants from children, youth, adults and women participated in the tournament.
The MRDTA has submitted three letters to the government between 2022 and this year for all the retired teachers from Lower Primary to Secondary. 2023 and the Prime Minister said that they are entitled to receive the pension.
True has a close relationship with the KSU since its inception in
The CEC has also confirmed the following leaders for various departments: Manly Nongpluh and Rapbor Nongrum as Chairman and Secretary of the Employment Generation Cell, Reallystar Nongspung and Eric Nongkynrih as Chairman and Secretary. Biangbor Paliar and Barikula Nongsiej as Chairman and Secretary of the Organizing Cell and Readyonstone Nongrum and Pynshaiborlang Rani as Chairman and Secretary of the Education Cell.
“The outage of mobile phone networks from talking to talking to the internet in Jaintia Hills has been not only in the first areas but also in the urban areas like Jowai, Khliehriat and Ladyrmbai. “They have affected the people of Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, November 15: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC), as one of the organizations standing for the protection of human rights, has taken part in the Public Hearing organized by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) New Delhi in Shillong.
Pawal Swapnil Vasantrao has been appointed as Commandant of 1st MLP Bn, Mawiong, Pankaj Kumar Rasgania has been appointed as Superintendent of Police, CID, Shillong. Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on receiving this information, immediately went to inspect the fire at the office of the Muktiar of the state. you night you iong.
If the DC is ready to provide security to the road workers, why doesn't he send troops to the border where there are cases of attacks by foreigners and insurgent groups who come to demand money from every household.
The Cabinet also decided to appoint 16 teachers in 3F, 13 teachers in Tura Government College and 3 teachers in Williamnagar Government College.
The purpose of this Act is to curb the arbitrariness and violence of landlords against residents who give or take inheritance in agriculture or to build houses etc from that system. .
Shillong, March 31: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, RV Suchiang today led the reading of the pledge to maintain unity at a short meeting held in front of the Main Secretariat.
Most of these returnees are from outside the North East, mostly from East Khasi Hills District. For this reason, there is a need for cooperation with the Dorbar Shnongs. The Government urges those who come to be a little more relaxed.
He said that the distribution of these forms will start from today until the 19th of this month.
Acknowledging the role of the media in the protection of child rights in the country, Shah said one should be careful while reporting on cases involving children especially where these have to do with child sexual exploitation, publication of names of such children and related activities.
The final match of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 will be held at LARITI Multipurpose Hall on 3rd July
At this meeting, it was decided that the Chief Ministers of the two states including the Cabinet, Regional Committees of both the States will conduct inspections in Block-I and Block-II and send a message. for the sake of peace and harmony.
UDP President Dr Roy said the people should understand, “This is not unity, but cooperation between the ethnic parties especially in these 35 constituencies”.
The light bill that the government has left to these companies which the government has not been able to pay yet is NEEPCO T.354.49 cores, NHPC T.21.44 cores, NTPC T.10.04 cores and ONGC Tripura is T.0.01 Cores.
All government offices in West Khasi Hills District will be closed on this day, according to an announcement by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today.
“On behalf of the Foundation, we will not allow it.
“PA Sangma's contributions to the working methods of Parliament and public administration are invaluable.
Shillong, Lber 19: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one in North Garo Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills. Khasi Hills
In his short speech to congratulate the Chief Minister who will take over from the post of Chief Minister of the State, at the end of his speech, he said, “Khublei, Mitela” .
Shillong, July 24: BSF troops deployed at BOP Balughat in South Garo Hills District have seized 23 cows while trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh. get to flee.
If this work cannot be improved as soon as possible, it will cause serious injuries to the pedestrians and especially to the residents of those villages on both sides of the road. The road is closed because the residents or the public have to leave their homes and walk on this road for their own purposes because there is no side-berm anymore. “AJYWO Central Body President Bah MH Dkhar said that the AJYWO Central Body has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
This includes ensuring the ease of working in commercial activities and promoting compliance with the Program Code and Advertisement Code by program providers.
The winners who received the awards are Skhemlang Hynniewta-2018, Dr.Debraj Debbarman-2019, Mario Pathaw-2
“Under the Constitution of India (Articles 341, 342 and the Sixth Schedule) special provisions have been made to empower the indigenous peoples.
Therefore, any efforts in this field will help in the development of self-assisted fertilization, which is suitable for those living organisms that can bring good results. to assist in the control of these diseases which are more difficult to control in plants.
Commander Shangpliang said that before announcing the winners soon, the public will be allowed to watch the performances of these 28 participants on the youtube channel in connection with the film 9-Lad. He said that when the films are allowed to be screened, he will also provide them because many of the people who want to watch the films have not been able to watch them due to the outbreak of covid. -19.
This is not only the duty of the rulers but also the duty of the people to take responsibility and work together.
Shillong, November 17: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday celebrated the 25th Anniversary of the Nabon Women's Synod College. Happy New Year
India has launched the LiFE Movement to adopt an environmentally conscious lifestyle.
He said that if the government does not respond, it means that they do not want peace.
Finally, he said that he should be prayed for more especially that he would become a saint because now the process of canonization is in progress.
5G is a new part of a new era in the country.
He said that various aspects of children's rights are protected by the laws of the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today announced the results of the SSLC examination.
The soskular for the loan was signed by Sameer Kumar Khare, Joint Secretary (MI) of the Ministry of Finance and Hisham. Abdo Kahin, Acting Representative of the World Bank in India, while on behalf of Meghalaya, P. Sampath Kumar, Commissioner and Secretary, Meghalaya signed the agreement. the CEO of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA).
On this occasion, he said that some people have suggested this issue, he said that it should be closed for the elderly and no one will oppose it.
The calendar will be published in 13 languages ​​including Hindi and English and will be distributed to all government offices and Panchayati Raj groups.
Even after the acceptance of the admission of the students, the university will also provide support as a supervisor and provide advice for their welfare and educational progress.
Those who wish to set up stalls should contact the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima in Mairang.
Today, the youths who carried placards during the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs from Sohra were in Sohrarim, Hynniewmer. sun.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that at the meeting held today, the project was explained in detail from the beginning of the project and the problems faced by the project. events that have taken place from time to time and all these were explained at this meeting.
The festival featured traditional dances of various ethnic groups from the North East, including Khasi thma dance, kheit soh dance from Jaintia Hills, Orchestra from Pynter, Snow dance. Lion from Tibet and others.
In this regard, FIDE has organized the first Chess Olympiad Torch Relay as a symbol of the tournament to be held in India, the birthplace of chess.
The meeting was convened by the Government to restore peace and order in Shillong after the incident in Mawlai which has affected the peace and order in Shillong. .
Ringrang TG Momin, MPS, F&ES, Tura, has been appointed as Superintendent of Police, CID, Shillong in place of Bah Vivek Syeim.
Shillong, July 01: The District Administration has imposed a curfew to prevent mass gatherings in parts of Motphran.
The actions of Ensal CH Marak may not be just his own personal affairs which the party does not like.
Since 2009, the SMB office has been relocated to Bivar Road in buildings built for the accommodation of Municipal employees in Iewmalong, but they have been used as the office of the SMB. SMB. The SMB office has been relocated from these houses to the other side of the road opposite the Meghalaya Basin Development office and the office is still operating from this location.
The government authorities have deployed police patrols around Shillong to ensure that no tragic incident occurs. Taxi drivers have not listened to the curfew call of the union. HNLC have seized their vehicles and earn as usual.
Robert Kharshiing was elected as MP to the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya from the Nationalist Congress Party from June 2002 to June
Answering a question regarding the illegal occupants of the area, he said that it is the responsibility of the state government to look after.
Shillong, March 08: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a public notice to change the closing time of shops from Saturday morning to 8.00 pm.
To implement the new scheme, the Government has already allocated Rs 84.07 crore for this purpose. Besides the issuance of Ration Cards through the use of computers, there is also the information to the ration cards. Ration recipients through SMS.There has been implementation of this scheme in several states in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Answering a question by Charles Marngar, Minister in charge of Sports Shakliar Warjri said that T.5.50 crore has been allocated for the year 2023-2024 under the Chief Scheme. Minister Youth Development Found.
During the meeting, the Governor urged to have unity in the country and this is one of the ways and urged to use education as one of the ways to These students from Nagaland will also be able to visit various places in Shillong.
The Government has appointed officers to look after only those who have returned from other states and those who have stayed behind should inform the officers before they return.
Likewise, due to the lack of jobs, the educated youth especially the rural youth have been encouraged to go to their villages and develop agriculture with modern scientific farming methods.
AHAM said that in the last few years, it has developed many languages ​​under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India by setting up committees like the Pahwa Committee in 1996 and The Sitakant Mohapatra Committee in 2003 and these committees have recommended to the Central Government to include the words in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The purpose of the NEFIP is to fight against the violence against the indigenous people of the region and the central topic of today's discussion was on the Citizenship Amendment Bills as this bill will affect to the people of this region.
At the same time, the District Council was urged to have a separate Boundary Committee to address the problems of our fellow citizens living on the border with Assam.
According to sources, on receiving the information, the police rushed to the scene and seized the truck but the driver of the truck managed to escape. Police are still searching for the driver of the truck.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has held a special meeting in Chandigrah, the capital of Harayana to discuss how to to market the herbal medicines of the North East of India.
The purpose of this meeting was to explain the demands of the HYC to the people and also to seek the support of the HYC to support the Save Hynniewtrep Mission of the HYC. The party invites the people of South West Khasi Hill District to come and listen and support the demands of the party for the entire Ri Khasi.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamlet Dohling demanding that the government should allocate the block at Wahkaji.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: A total of 1202 people who wanted to withdraw from Aadhaar have signed letters to withdraw from Aadhaar. between 30/10 and 03/1
The purpose of this competition is to encourage young people to take part in research from an early age.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently declared 'Meri Maati Mera Desh' at the Mann Ki Baat.
“The meeting was attended by Union Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs Anurag Singh Thakur along with Atanu Chakraborty, Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs and Debashish Panda, Secretary, Department of Financial Services.
The meeting was to discuss the development and peace and stability in the area.
In his speech, Bah Bindo M Lanong on behalf of KHADC, one of the politicians, recalled the controversy over the Clan Bill introduced by Bah HS Shylla in the House. Regarding the Clan Bill, Bindo recalled that he had introduced the bill in the House and now the bill introduced by Shylla will be passed soon.
At this meeting, they decided to urge all the people to provide relief to those people affected by the floods in the affected parts of Coorg in Karnataka.
Borrowers should not be in debt to any bank or financial institution.
There will be no volunteers to show the way.
The government is looking for groups who know about the uranium business and will fight as hard as it can to get the people involved in the uranium business to find out the truth about the allegation. Radiation has increased in the area without uranium mines.
The MLA was accompanied by Bah HS Diengdoh, ADC West Khasi Hills District and others.
Jowai, Nailar 04: The Dorbar Shnong Nangbah through the Waheh Shnong Shri.T.Iongwai has expressed its gratitude to the Volunteers who are the children of the village who have come together in connection with the The tragic incident of drowning on 02.08.2020 in a river called Wah Myntang.
On the other hand, Bah Nongbri urged the Superintendent of Police of South West Khasi Hills District to summon the complainant to inquire from him about his residence. don people with this name.
Ravi Gandhi today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
On behalf of the HSPDP, the president of the party, Bah Hoping, who is the oldest leader in the Legislative Assembly, said that he is one of the fighters for the HSPDP. in the state of Meghalaya.
After the Seng has sent a letter to the relevant authorities in the past few days demanding that this issue should be resolved immediately but the complaints and demands have been in vain because no one has believed them.
The authorities believe that the Wushu competition in this tournament shows the beginning of the development of the state.
If the government does not immediately convene a special session on this issue, it shows that the government has thanked and deceived the members of the community by passing a resolution without any details.
We are looking into how we can ensure zero defect zero effect in the production of goods for foreign markets.
These are the two projects that have already been implemented by 2024,” said the Secretary PWD (Roads).
“There is a child from the street who is now studying at the University, there is a child from the street who is now our instructor, who teaches other children.
"The WEP, which is included in the NITI Aayog, and is now being implemented between the government and the private sector, is one place for women to get information and explanations. and women entrepreneurship.
Hawaiki Kyndiah, MD of MIDC said that the Board of Directors has met on the 18th of this month and the matter remains the same as the matter has been sent back to the government.
The union also urged to fight against the discrimination against the students of the state by the teachers especially the students of JNU and Delhi University.
Rebecca Khairimujat has filed her nomination papers as an independent candidate for the MDC election from Nongkrem Constituency. She is the daughter of Bah Roblin Nongkynrieh who was also the CEM of Meghalaya. So far, four candidates have registered in East Khasi Hills District, three are new candidates and only Bah Latiplang, MDC of Nongthymmai, has registered. Shillong, Jymmang 06: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi today appointed Bah Pyniaid Syiem as MDC of Sohryngkham. The party has also accepted the resignation of Bah HS Shylla from the post of Leader of the Parliamentary Party in the KHADC. Shillong, Jymmang 28: The National People's Party (NPP) has appointed Bah Pyniaid Syiem as the Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) Shillong. The three-day Tribal Animation Festival has been held at the North Eastern Hill University in collaboration with the Department of Anthropology supported by the North Eastern Hill University.
At Resubelpara, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar hoisted the flag and presented the award to the Soil & Water Conservation Office which was selected for the Best Tableau Award.
The Chairperson said that he has already directed the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to increase the number of hostels to include the children who have not attended school in the state.
After that, the CMD of MeECL was also dismissed and a letter was sent from the CMD's office to the SDOs to prepare the bills and send them to the Chief Engineer to pay the bills to the contractors. Dr Mukul asked what this is about going beyond the working methods of MeECL and if it should be done when the Board has met to take a decision.
That’s one of the problems with women.
The Governor said that the relationship between the people and the army in India is in trouble and this is true even for those countries around India which have gained independence from the British where they have been. the seizure of power by the army.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) State Youth Wing (KHNAM) will hold a special training for the youth of the state who intend to participate in the The Indian Air Force Security (IAF) Non-Technical Trade (IAF) recruitment will be held from 10th to 13th November at Uuwahati, VIP Road Borjhar.
On the other hand, the HANC Unit has requested the government to accept and allocate funds for the road as soon as possible as this area has about 9 villages and more than 1,000 villagers and does not have a road yet.
The ceremony began with a prayer in honor of those who lost their lives in the clash with the police on 30th November
To assist them, KHADC has talked to SBI to set up Medical Insurance as a group and the amount to be paid will be paid by KHADC. T.3 lakh to T.7.5 lakh per annum, depending on their age and SBI has been directed to link up with hospitals and hospitals abroad as CMC Velor.
At this meeting, it was decided to appoint a ksiang to have an understanding, as they went to Jirang Hima by road and if they return to the Hima, it should be I hope you will reach an understanding.
This order will not apply to the police on duty. The enactment of Section 144 CrPC will apply to all parts of the GHADC office. Hills District.
Although the JSU may differ in name as one of the political parties in the country and the nation, it is still one flesh and one blood for the nation, and therefore, its understanding and accusations KSU is something that we cannot accept at all.
Bah Syiemlieh said that the death of fish is not only in the village but also in the neighboring village of Mawkhan.
Shillong, November 26: The Public Undertaking Committee chaired by Bah S Nongrum has submitted a report to the State Legislative Assembly. in connection with its investigation into the Crowbrough Hotel in the area which began in
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: BSF troops have arrested nine Indians smuggling cattle from Baghmara to Bangladesh, four vehicles and 29 cattle from Phanda in South Garo Hills District.
This is the time for those who do not have enough parking space but those who have enough parking space to drop items which do not affect the traffic of the public can drop as much as they want.
The Minister of Urban Affairs and Labor, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, while in charge of the Labor Department, has convened a meeting with the leaders of the West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) and government officials. The Department of Employment and Craftsman Training on the 19th of this month to discuss the construction of the permanent building of the ITI at Nongstoin.
When we read this we learn that according to this Act all the owners of houses who intend to rent houses must apply to the District Task Force where they intend to rent houses and their duty is to take the EPIC or Ration. Card of those residents with their photographs, proof of previous residence, affidavit stating the previous residence and if they are students proof of their school documents and report to the District Task Force and the police.
India has now joined various groups and is the leader of the International Solar Alliance.
About 115 households in this village have received 15 kilos of rice, wheat and flour.
He said that as the Rural Development Department does not have the Service Rules for the BDOs to work in the Block, they have been taken from other government departments.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titosstar Chyne said that the main issue discussed today was to strengthen the party in the party. According to the report received from the branches, the party in all 10 constituencies in East Khasi Hills appears to be strong.
The Chief Minister has announced to provide T.50,000/- tyngka each and all the expenses in relation to the treatment will be borne by the government. long something to be sad about.
They were welcomed by the Umsaitsning Sports & Cultural Club at Lad Mawrong Dorbar Hall on the evening of 25th July. spirit.
“I congratulate all the players on behalf of the 140 crore people of India.
Once again, the KSU through this news says that it will not stand idly by to protect the Bri Hynniewtrep.
The drugs were identified as Tramadol Hydrochloride Capsules. Police recovered a mobile phone from the suspect. Police arrested him and registered a case against him.
All tourists have been directed to take their garbage and throw it in the designated places, said the SP of East Khasi Hills District.
Other discussions will follow after the scheme has been given to them to stay or leave. After receiving the permission, the HNLC leaders will come to participate in the scheme. in the peace talks and the issues they want to put to the government.
Regarding the distribution of ration in the past two months, he said that the District Administration has written to the State Government to request for the ration from the Central Government. get to carry.
The role of startups in bringing innovation that addresses the changes that are happening all over the world is evident during the pandemic, when they have saved lives and led the way to get the book that has life.
Although the Deputy Commissioner has not given permission to hold the protest at this place, KWWADA and CSWO have decided to stand at this place to hold this protest. If the government does not allow the protest, it should be held at the State Central Library.
As of now, there has been no allegation that they are inadequate.
Even if they have become educated, not only do they despise and disrespect others at home, but 'as they increase in education, they decrease in their manners'
Within the circle: Umsen, Langkaduh, Mawtyngkong, Paham Jula, Umsen, Langkaduh, Mawtyngkong, Paham Jula, Pilangku A and Pilangku B. Within the circle: New Garo Bhanga, Nongtarieh, Old Garo Bhanga, Ulubari, Damu Paham and Amtarlet.
Shillong, June 27: The FKJGP Central Body (FKJGP) today held a meeting with the leaders of the FKJGP Central Body under the leadership of Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit. FKJGP Central Body and other leaders visited the Upper Shillong Circle to renew the Office Bearers of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle for the term of office. 2017 -20.
Shillong, March 16: The UHM has launched another office in War Jaintia Amlarem Sub-Division West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of the General Secretary CEC, Organizing Secretary, Education Secretary, Publicity Secretary CEC and General Secretary West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District.
The union said that the District Council should not allow the construction of the railway line to Jaintia Hills. Hills.
His and his brothers' skills in teaching horses were more useful to those tyngshops who had a role in horseback riding.
He said that the opening of this office today will help many people of this area for their employment. to the public.
The vehicle (ML05) 4845 was registered and the three suspects were taken to Laitumkhrah Police Station for further investigation.
Yesterday saw a complete washout due to persistent rain but there were clear and sunny skies this morning to greet the players.
The news came while Dr Mukul and other Congress leaders from the North East were in Delhi to discuss the party's affairs.
We are also saddened to learn that the government authorities have misused their powers to attack the ethnic minorities in Manipur, without receiving any punishment,” said the petition to the President. CAS President JA Lyngdoh and General Secretary Barnabas Nangbah.
The drugs and sarees were seized from the 172Bn BSF troops stationed at Hangaria in East Jaintia Hills District. During the search operation, the BSF seized the smugglers and when they opened them, they were wearing saree. The BSF handed over the song. to the Customs to do what is necessary.
: In the midst of the struggle against drugs from the Sengbhalang, Seng Longkmie, Seng Samla Village in South West Khasi District, suddenly there are some robbers by bringing in foreign workers. They are also drug addicts which has affected the youth.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (ORF) in collaboration with the Observer Research Foundation (ORF) as the Think20 Secretariat under the G20 Presidency, has organized the three-day Think20 Conference. Nature Solves: A New Framework for Our Sustainable Future" in Shillong from today and will end on 7th November,
With this decision, the MDCs of the District Council have been given the opportunity to elect a new CEM to form the Executive Committee within the GHADC. The Government will inform the Governor of Meghalaya to convene a special session to allow the MDCs of GHADC to elect a new CEM. The EC has been appointed to pass the budget for the year 2017-2
Referring to the fight against COVID-19, Hek said the government has done well in setting up 100 quarantine centers and 25 Corona Care Centres.
The bridge will benefit the residents of Jakopgre, Chiminmingre, Kakwa Songma, Rongregre and Dombegre villages. The opening of the bridge will help these villages to develop. he received the book.
A similar program was also held at Moopylaitshiar, Khliehtrishi today.
He also wished everyone a Merry Christmas.
Regarding the inspectors, there are three parts, one group to look after the general conduct of the elections, one group to look after the expenditure, and one police department, as already identified. that constituency is not strong enough.
The Union also requests the Dorbar Shnongs to announce the meeting in their villages if possible.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: U Bah Wanphrang K Diengdoh, who has investigated the Motphran near Iewduh, has released a film titled “Because We Did Not Choose”. Tickets are available at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar on 8th November 2017 at 5.00 pm.
Shillong, June 30: The Martin Luther Christian University (KJWA) Shillong, June 30: The Martin Luther Christian University (KJWA) has launched a free health service for the residents of Nonghali. The incident occurred in Mawryngkneng Block, East Khasi Hills on Saturday.
This is for the Special Coaching Scheme under Shorthand for 80 SC and ST candidates till 1st November
Total number of candidates who have nominated themselves for the MP election is nine, nine from 1-Shillong and three from 2-Tura.
Shillong, November 11: KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with Tramline Badminton Academy has inaugurated the Khasi Badminton Tournament 2023 at the Indoor Stadium of Nongthymmai Sports Club on the morning of 11th November
According to the residents of Sohra, the cleaning has started in the past few days.
CLP leader Dr Mukul Sangma yesterday said that the Congress will announce its candidate for the post of Speaker after the MDA announces it today.
Rangbah Shnong Bah WHD Syngkon and all the village officials were present on the occasion.
She said that at present, Lady Veronica Lane is very narrow and is the road used by people with disabilities to reach Bethany Society and Mary Rice Center for Special Education, Bansara Eye. Care not to put pressure on them.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practice (SPIKAP) today held a public meeting at Umden village in Ri Bhoi District to discuss the issue of herbal medicine.
Garo National Council (GNC) President Cliford Marak, who is also the MLA from Chokpot, told SP News Agency that Garo Hills will become a district of Garo Hills if it wins. in Meghalaya and parts of the two districts of Assam, Kamrup and Goalpara will be parts of Garo State.
Thus, the one who stands in front to command others carries the meaning of the word.
Another company which has withdrawn from the project is the one from Guwahati which wants to build Stage-I of 50 MW and Stage-II of 10 MW on the Khri River. it is not that they are deprived but it is that they offer themselves to stop.
This was announced by the DC of West Jaintia Hills District.
Jowai, July 25: In the Under 14 category, Govt Boys beat Mariah Hill Higher Secondary School 3-0 with Embhah Lytan scoring the first goal in the 18th minute while Pyntriang Dan scored. Two goals in the 48th minute and another in the 60th minute gave GBHSSJ the title to win the U-1
On this day, tens of thousands of relatives from all over the country have flocked to Madan Weiking to express their culture and still hold on to their religion.
“The Police Department should not be limited to arrest, the Police Department should maintain peace and order.
After completing the investigation, the police have taken the remains of the body of TR Sangma, a teacher who died recently in the attack by the robbers. The post mortem.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya congratulated all the BSF personnel who have worked bravely.
A reinvigorated Ayush has helped promote the power of thousands of years of traditional medicine practices as it continues to embark on this journey.
The number of mobile phone thefts in 2015 was 127, in 2016 was 158 and in 2017 till July this year was
“KSU SWKHD urges the leaders to take action now and if they cannot do anything, the KSU will think again,” said Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU SWKHD in a statement. today.
“The VPP, if it has the courage, should say who did it so that we too can have confidence but to just say he said that, he said that, it is a mistake for the speakers and shows their thinking. " said Mr. Pala.
The DCs have been directed to hold meetings with the BDOs under their jurisdiction and to be ready to assist in case of any incident in the future.
Shillong, July 06: The Indian Awakening Movement (AIM) today held a candlelight vigil at Khyndailat as a sign of condolences to the family of the victims of the murder of two children. of the father and at the same time condemn the father to take away the lives of the children.
The union would like to thank the DC and the SP for allowing us to hold this meeting to bring peace.
On the other hand, the Congress party has won 29 MLAs for the first time since the independence of Meghalaya.
“We have reached the cliffs of affluence and there have also been periods of darkness in the history of the world.
The settlement of those who have converted to Khasi-Pnar in different parts of Jaintia Hills and also our men who have married Dkhars and given them back to Khasi-Pnar.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been on strike for three days, but the state government has not responded to the demands of the VPP. However, the government has not yet responded to the Reservation Policy.
The trees planted today include bottle brushes, bougainvilleas, camellias, forget-me-nots, palm trees, blue tangos, snake plants and others around the office. A Swer  State Secretary  Meghalaya Bharat Scout and Guide.
The group would like to extend its special thanks to Dr Sandy for dedicating his body and soul to this work which he has set up to help the sick with a smile and the group believes that Dr Sandy has It is true that we are fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The KHADC has purchased two Thermal Scanners, one for use in the office and the other inside the court.
However, the DC appealed to the party to continue to allow, saying, “If you allow, I promise you and the people please to allow within the 9th I will send the materials”. Machine/Roller) to repair the road.
Those who wish to receive this assistance from CMSAS must register their Aadhaar at those places designated by the Government under Section 3 of the Act.
There were also other decisions taken by the Cabinet today besides the bill.
The meeting also discussed various topics such as: The history of the Indian Stock Market in 75 years and future opportunities, further development of the financial markets, job creation money to rural areas and money laundering, financial services training.
Vivek Syiem, SP Anti Infiltration, has been transferred and appointed as SP (City) Shillong.
In this regard, it is very difficult to spend all the time because those who have and those who do not have will always be there but what we have been able to do from the Government is that the Minister has also promised that shortcomings will be corrected.
Furthermore, the Samla Nongialam said that the establishment of the three units of the Seng is exactly like the 'Three Tylli Mawbyrsiew' to serve better these three villages and the Seng. He said that through this authorization to establish a new branch of the Seng is also part of the production and training of leaders who have responsibility for the society, the region and the nation itself. whole.
Darly campaigned for the election by talking about the work of his beloved father Captain W Aangma as the founder of Meghalaya.
The clashes in the Raid Tynring, have started to spread even to the ingtyrkhong, where there has also been an attempt to stir up trouble which has reached the point of shaking hands and fighting.
At the end of the Prime Minister's speech, the cadets of the National Cadet Corps will sing the National Anthem.
It was witnessed that the people of the area flocked to the venue to witness with their own eyes the ball bearing competition which was witnessed by two players from one team who took part in the ball bearing competition. one sitting and one sitting.
Shillong, November 04: The District Social Welfare Officer of East Khasi Hills, Shillong today celebrated the Day of Persons with Disabilities at Mawtap village in Sohiong.
The Minister of Education, Dr. Aman Warr, said that Meghalaya is a state with many teachers. At present, the state has 65,000 teachers. It is a good problem for the state and at present there is no such thought.
In his speech, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha said that in these 75 years of independence, the democracy of India has become stronger over the years and the confidence of the people in the democracy has increased. walk you por.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kong Matsiewdor W Nongbri said that after receiving information that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has opened the hospital at Pynthobah, she has sought a report from the Director. the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to get a clearance to confirm this opening.
The changes that have taken place in these days due to the rapid development of development in many areas have resulted in the loss of clean air.
KSU President Daniel Khyhriem said that Dr Mukul Sangma has set up a high level committee set up by his government.
Those arrangements are minor and have been handed over to the Deputy Commissioners to be arranged by the Chief Secretary.
The main purpose of the meeting with the Chief Minister was to seek clarification on the part “F” of the dew special allocation which has been in place since 1972 and A section issued in 1973 which states that the posts in the Districts without transfer from one District to another shall be appointed by the District Selection Committee instead of 40% Khasi and 40% Khasi. Garro.
According to sources, the Speaker has not taken a decision because the rule stipulates that there should be 10 MLAs from one political party. The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) was formed after the announcement of the MLA election results. was one of the reasons why the Speaker was put in a difficult position to take a decision to recognize the Leader of the Opposition in the House.
Bah L Blah MDC of the constituency who is also one of the EMs in the Executive Committee said that as an MDC of the constituency he wants to see that this work will be completed soon. However, the problem for the Council is that there is a lack of funds.
Shillong August 13: The Shillong Lajong Under-12 Youth Team will represent India in the first ever BRICS Football Tournament. The International Youth Football Tournament will be held in Putian, China on the 16th of this month.
The incident in Ichamati has shocked many.
The government has invested in healthcare whether urban or rural.
The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 51, 42 have recovered, one has died and one is undergoing treatment. South West Garo Hills District.
Their deaths are due to lack of medical care, especially food.
Services coach Amit Panghal, who won the silver medal at the 2019 World Championships, defeated Railways coach Ankit in the 48-51kg flyweight category.
She said that the state government, if it has the means, will help because it has a lot of money for such projects.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mukroh Unit on 12/7/16 has renewed its office bearers for the term of office.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: After receiving information through RTI from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District through the Chairman of the Haat Management Committee, Bah Banshai Marbaniangu said that after receiving information through RTI, The Balat Border Haat through the Haat Management Committee which is a trade market between India and Bangladesh is located in Balat. appear within the code of conduct.
Kharshiing said that up to 30 groups and chiefs will meet with Pranab Mukherjee, President on that day under the leadership of Chairman of the Grand Council of Meghalaya Chiefs. The 30 include the Syiems, Doloi, Nokma, Sirdar and others.
About 200 people came to participate in the march to raise awareness on the importance of cleanliness. The NCC will continue to clean up other villages.
These efforts gradually began to fail.
It was reported in the House in November this year that he had written a DO Letter to the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Government in this regard as the allocation of funds should be done by the State Government.
Others who visited the members of AMMPWA who are continuing their protest are KHNAM as a political party, civil society organizations who visited TUR, KSU and GSU. However, as of now, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not yet visited these members of AMMPWA who are on strike.
The remaining sites to be cleared between Bangladesh and Meghalaya are located in parts of West Jaintia Hills District and the work sites will continue in East Khasi Hills District.
Produced by Anna Films Shillong, Rapture has captivated audiences worldwide with its poignant storytelling and striking cinematography, delving into the deep cultural and spiritual realms of the Garo community.
She also congratulated the students who received the award and said that it is through their hard work that they have been able to harvest the clean fruit.
At the same time, he said that sports these days are no longer just for entertainment for individuals or for spectators but it has become one of the sources of employment for those who know how to use. right to the talent that God has given them.
If the people who elected them hate the BJP party, the MLAs who elected them will go there.
The exact number of candidates for the MLA elections will be announced after 10/2/2
The Government has provided 35% up to T.10 lakh from the State Government and 35% aid from the Central Government under the PMEP, if they can earn T.50000/- per month while the payment will be T.5000/- Rs.
The portal has been developed by RKM and uses a hybrid model to connect with students via the internet and allows them to communicate with teachers along with some free activities. you need the internet.
The CPC will hold a meeting of all religions on the 4th of April. This meeting has been held for four years and will continue, as this is not Durga Puja. not only a ceremony but also a meeting.
“I belong to this traditional custom, I believe in this traditional custom and I thank this God.
Speaking at Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about his recent visit to Sikkim, where he met two young men, Anurag Agarwal and Sidhi Karnani, graduates of IIM and are involved in an agricultural start-up in the northeast of the country.
In his speech, the Chief Guest reminded that although the world these days is full of young people especially those who have learned, they are suffering from unemployment, he urged them to turn back to agriculture. they did not do what their fathers had done.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today was the chief guest at the CAPF Under 19 tournament organized by the Assam Riffle. Rang kynsai in this activity is playing ball.
The allocation of C&RD Block is the most urgent need in the area for the 44 villages of Phlangdiloin, Umdohlun and Warsan Lyngdoh as the residents of these villages are now under Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. They have to travel about 30 to 50 kms to reach Mawkyrwat and have to drive for 3 hours.
This comes ahead of a meeting scheduled for the 7th of this month between the State Government and the HPC to take a final decision on the matter.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should listen to the concerns of the people of this area.
For parents who do not have an Adhaar Card, they are required to bring their Scheduled Tribe Certificate, Birth Certificate, Passport Photograph and Baptism Certificate when registering their Adhaar names.
“Bah Danggo told me on the night of July 21 that he has resigned from the post of MLA with a spirit of concern for the people of Ranikor,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the District Legislative Assembly for the first time. Council at the time you were in the middle of the dorbar.
The meeting was attended by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Minister of Information and Culture. In the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Titus Starwell Chyne, Hamlet Dohling and Teibor Pathaw.
: For the first time, the doctors of Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital have taken the first decision to admit patients to this hospital.
The CSWO has also sent the letter to the Director, CBI, New Delhi.
“If the government calls us to discuss the roster, we will not accept it but if it calls us to discuss the reservation policy, we are ready to go,” said Louis.
Shillong, July 5: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the money has been sent to all the districts to distribute ration to those households who have to stay at home due to the COVID-19 pandemic. .
The training did not end only with the cleaning of the rivers but also with the cleaning of plastic from the rivers and public places today in collaboration with the MSPCB and the Dorbar Shnongs.
At the same time, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and Mawklot Youth Association would like to express their gratitude to the leaders of Mawklot Sports Social & Cultural Club. Clifford Nengnong Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) who came to welcome Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang on 5th July 2013 from Guwahati Airport.
There is also a feeling of selfishness even in their feelings or faith.
To prevent the spread of this disease, everyone should wear masks even at home during the next 14 days. sem wat of the neighborhood.
The road from Tynnai to Nongnam is the main road for the people of eight villages namely Mawrap, Jerlang, Mawsain, Mawtangden, Mawkhyrwang, Nongnam, Mawbri and Lumpyngngad.
For those suffering from Tuberculosis, mentally ill, the government allocation for food is T.100/- per day, for breakfast T.30/- tyngka, Bam ja step T.30/- tyngka, lunch T.10/- tyngka and dinner T.30/- tyngka.
At the same time, they were surprised to learn that until today, the Chief Executive Members of Meghalaya are not within the District Councils. Many of the CEMs or EMs, or MDCs in these District Councils don't know anything about the customs and traditions of the Hima/Elaka. They entered the ADC and disrupted the traditional rules.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 18: Leaders of the MSSASA-CB led by President Aristotle C. Rymbai and General Secretary HM Marbaniang met with Minister of MHRD Prakash Javadekar. on the 18th of this month in New Delhi.
Shillong, July 31: Wansuk Syiem, Secretary to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, has been re-elected as MP to the Raja Sabha from Meghalaya without any opposition. Assembly.
KHNAM expresses its disagreement with the Government's use of the term “STUDY RESERVATION POLICY” which means that the Committee will read the Reservation Policy and send back to the Government what they have read and found. “On the part of KHNAM at the meeting of the political parties we have expressed our opposition to the establishment of the Expert Committee because we are afraid that it will delay the time, but when everyone wanted an Expert Committee and the wish of the majority stood.
Speaking at the two-day festival, the MLA of the area, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the thanks go to the Central Government through the Constitution of the country for the adoption of the 7th Schedule. to preserve the customs and traditions of the minorities.
The KSU President also strongly condemned the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force (BSF) in Mawshun and said that the KSU demands that the government should punish those involved in this shooting death. person.
Eldie said he had spoken before Amit Shah that Meghalaya should be left as it is and needs protection, but it is not clear that Conrad Sangma has said that Meghalaya should be opposed. Prestone Tynsong said that the NPP MP will be sent to oppose but Agatha who is the sister of Conrad Sangma in Parliament has supported the CAB and this is the biggest lie in the country. Conrad's leadership.
There is also a plan to hold a football match at this stadium during the National Games in
Shillong, July 02 :Regarding the division of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) into new constituencies with the intention of abolishing the Laitkroh Constituency, the Group of Village Leaders of various Villages under the Laitkroh Constituency. The Laitkyrhong Pyllun Youth Association has sent a petition to the Governor to express its strong opposition to this proposal.
In his speech, Bah Marwein said that the purpose of this special day is to educate and explain their rights which they should receive as they have received.
In his speech, Bah Lyngdoh said that India is now the second most populous country in the world and if it can be protected in the coming years it will surpass the In China, he said Meghalaya now has a population of 32 lakh.
Furthermore, all shops in Umjakoit Village should be closed and any road construction work should be stopped immediately.
When the fire entered the hotel, they were afraid and opened the door and rushed inside. They were injured and only one of them was seriously injured. of the Hotel.
On this occasion, the students were also present and had the opportunity to speak to the Prime Minister in a televised talk by Narendra Modi known as the Pariksha Pe Charcha.
In his greetings, the Governor said that the end of Ramadan will encourage more love and unity to bring peace and harmony. Dr Mukul Sangma said that this ceremony will bring about harmony and mutual love among the people.
Introducing the Zero Hour Notice in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Pyngrope said that his request was based on the incident of a religious leader named Sr.
It is understood that the Mukroh people carry only for their own use to build houses.
ii) to achieve peace and clarity on the border between the Khasi States, Garo Hills (Meghalaya) and Assam; ii) the suspension of the demand for the ILP in accordance with the rights of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation (BEFR) 1873,.
Jowai, November 05: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has strongly condemned the East Jaintia Hills Police for arresting a group of people who were involved in the incident ha Sohshrieh.
Monu said that if this happens, there will be no trust in the police. He said that he demands that the government should provide protection to his family because of the threat. The police have not done anything even though they have lodged a complaint for two months.
The NBT and the NEC have invited many experienced people to come and give training to the participants. The training will also explain the skills of the participants. authorities in this age in connection with this work.
L– it refers to the ship that flies in the air,– it refers to the lynter tree that is strong,– it refers to the tree that grows in the ground,– it refers to the tree that is covered with a wooden stick. thynram,– the thew of the earth that came from Bilat.
New Delhi, June 12: Following reports of attacks on doctors and health workers, the Union Home Ministry has directed all states and UTs along with police to provide security through the police doctors and nurses in hospitals.
After listening to the opinion of the elders, the Syiem of Hima Khyriem, Pa,im Dr.Balajied Syiem, gave time to these kurs to resolve this issue within one year. The arrangements for the raid were handed over to Bah Swell Rymbai, Chief of the Raid.
Police have arrested Bah Donbor Rymbai, 41, from Liarkhla village in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, November 25: Ka Samla Sanmer Seng will hold a free eye treatment on the 4th July 2014 for the residents of Shillong from 9 am to 3 pm. 10 o'clock Friday night.
The exhibition 'Bio Diesel' which is another source of fuel was presented by Loreto Convent School which also won the first prize.
He said that the Nalanda Campus through the implementation of Net Zero Energy, Net Zero Emission, Net Zero Water and Net Zero Waste will take forward this belief in sustainability.
Shillong, July 23:The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the stinginess of the company to repair the four-laning road which has been damaged in some places and is a threat to the people. This road is the entry and exit point in the northeast where tens of thousands of vehicles pass through every day.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah T Lyngdoh and Bah P Wahlang who explained what they have found in their fish farming.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Cabinet today decided to increase the assistance for those soldiers, police and Home Guards who have sacrificed their lives to defend the country to T. 15 lakh and T.5 lakh for the injured and T.2 lakh for the civilians.
Police said that the suspect was a truck driver and had a basin in his pocket. He has now disappeared from the scene and if anyone finds him please contact these numbers. 0364-2222277 or 0464-2
At the time of writing, no information has been received whether the government authorities have gone to inspect.
ong the news pib.
The scheme worth Rs 15 crore was launched by Bah Sanbor and received the support of the Dorbarshnongs, land owners, the PWD department and the MDA government. Shullai expressed his gratitude to the PWD department for approving the improvement of the roads.
The attempt to end the protests by force against any party or ethnic group without bringing about a strong agreement on the peace process will be twice as bad as what used to happen, take for example the endless conflict between the North and the South. South Korea, this happened only because the Korean War 1950-53 ended only with a ceasefire, not through a peace agreement.
According to the people who had to pass through this road this morning, when they went down to Guwahati, when they reached this place they could not even walk because the water had flooded the road.
First of all, we see that the KHNAM party does not agree with the policies or policies of this government, but because it has only one MLA, the NPP leader from Khasi-Jaintia does not talk too much but talks nonsense. However, the parties that do not like the MDA under the leadership of the NPP, should please leave the MDA government because it does not affect the stability of the MDA government. The BJP party through its state president to fight against the corruption of this government especially in the illegal coal mining and corruption in the District Councils.
The deceased were identified as Pyndarwel Wahlang and Kemorson, Secretary Shnong Bok Nongum. The deceased were identified as Pyndarwel Wahlang and Kemorson. Khyriem.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the government has taken many measures, namely that 74 students who came from China and 54 students have completed the examination. treatment by themselves, the government is still monitoring them.
The Dorbar in its discussion said that the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India as it stands includes 40 District Councils, covering 40 different ethnic groups, which also have their own customs and land. In three ADCs, three ADCs in Assam, three ADCs in Mizoram and one in Tripura.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action against the sending of examinations to centers outside Meghalaya. state candidates in the post Group B & C under the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health & Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS).
Samla Nongrum from the Education Cell of the KSU said that the Registrar should look into the marks of the students so that there will be no more marks. The difficulty for the students in this struggle to produce the results.
The purpose of this football tournament is to bring closer the relationship between one kur and another. At the same time, the kur should have its own story about the population of that kur. where.
According to the recommendations of the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T.1,28,122.40 crore for the SDRF for the years 2021-22 to 2025-2
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 252 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. today there are 3591 cases.
Speaking at the meeting, Captain Praveen Davar said that it is the hard work of the brave Indian Army that has brought about the birth of Bangladesh and this is due to the vision of the Prime Minister of India. Indira Gandhi didn't want to be a god.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government has all the figures and will let the people know the expenditure of the government, he said in the House today.
When this happened, he decided to go to the National Marytree Memorial by car for more than 2 hours.
Referring to politics, he said that he doesn't want to rest in his life, he wants to continue working and if the opportunity opens for him, he is ready to fight. The election next year but as of now, no political party has responded to him.
The Seng will stand together with other Sengbhalang and also with the State Government in opposing this proposal of the Central Government, until it repeals this Bill”.
In another question by Bah L Blah regarding the two Himas, Sohiong and Sohra, Bah Pyniaid said in the House that the EC will bring the with a report in which they will be available for further discussion.
These two men are very fond of their own customs and traditions.
If you are not registered, you will be punished according to the law.
The temporary suspension of registration is that the beneficiaries of this scheme should receive the benefit for at least 9 months as they have started late in the registration.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that the purpose of holding such a meeting every year is to remind everyone of the need to monitor these agreements until they become clear. .
Police have been investigating the incident.
Others arrested are Amorjit Hajong of Arapara, Baghmara; Engling Sangma from Sanbana, Rongra and Ramakey R Mark from Arapara, Baghmara.
Sohiong, July 14: The residents of Mawtap village have staged a road blockade for three days to demand that the PWD should explain why it has banned the construction of the footpath constructed under the NERGS scheme. for the safety of the people of the village.
Shillong, July 25: The 14th National Voters Day was celebrated at Nan Polok today to raise awareness among the people on the importance of the vote.
Shillong, November 14: The office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has scheduled a special session of the Legislative Assembly on Friday 19/12/2 I'm talking about the Inner Line Permit.
All offices of NEHU in charge of office work and educational institutions will be closed on the 24th and 25th of this month.
In this regard, the PAC today summoned the officers of the Forest Department for investigation.
It is on this basis that the party demands that all posts should start from number
The two MLAs joined the BJP in the presence of National President Amit Shah, General Secretary Ram Madhavji, Assam Finance Minister Himata Biswa Sarma and Nalin Kholi. .
Wilboxster Nightroom & 3
New innovations such as Smart Tourism Management System, Tourism Immersive Hub – AR and VR with digital platforms for traditional craftsmen have been launched to promote tourism in the state due to the B20 Conference. opportunities for tourism activities that run smoothly.
New recruits will join various government departments including Revenue, Home Affairs, Higher Education, Atomic Energy, Defence, Financial Services, Health & Family Welfare, Tribal Affairs and Railway Departments in ranks different.
He also said that there should be the same law for men.
The state government's neglect of this health center which should have been upgraded to a Civil Hospital within the district is a neglect of the district as a whole.
Education in this country produces more stupid than wise.
The Union Government has released T.262.06 crore for the fiscal year 2016-2017 which started in June. T.262.03 crore and the deficit is only 0.03 crore.
Shillong, March 02: The Election Committee of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today met to discuss the candidates for the three Assembly constituencies, Mawphlang, Mawrynkneng and Rajabala. month.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to three.
Md. Aksar Nur was planning to return to Bangladesh through Land Custom without the permission or knowledge of the Government.
Before 1980, people used to go to harvest synsar from the forests without cultivating it because it grows in the forests, but after 1980, the cultivation of synsar started and this is Starting from Pynursla Block and ending in Mawsynram Block and now it has spread to the whole state.
“When the government announced on 19th June to set up a committee to look into the implementation of the roster system, we accepted it,” he said. They discussed these issues, even setting up a committee to review the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
When some people went to the office of the District Veterinary Officer to ask for assistance in getting loans to raise pigs, the reply was announced that this scheme will no longer exist from
Four of them were admitted to hospital on the night of 30/10/2019 and today the total number of three cases has risen to nine.
During the meeting with the Governor, the Chief Minister said that the state government has not stopped the testing of people since last year and the distribution of medicines is going on.
Shillong, July 02: U Bah Banaiborlang Mawa, 30, has surrendered to the Sohra Police Station after two days of raping a 12-year-old girl at his house in Mawshamok village, Hurum Sohra.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Jowai Municipal Board has directed all shopkeepers not to have garbage within one meter of their shops. Your penalty is T.5000/-.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Latiplang Kharjongor EM in charge of Elaka in the presence of Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem CEM of KHADC. Council and Syiems, Sirdars of 54 Himas.
The meeting was attended by all the government officials, police chiefs from different zones and zonal magistrates in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner and Assistant Returning Officer, South West Garo Hills. Ram Singh, District Inspector Alka Shrivastav, Superintendent of Police, Ramesh Singh and all the ADCs in this meeting discussed how they can and understand each other on the day of polling. conduct the election.
Shillong, March 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the family of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala at Mawlai Phudmawri and took part in the service.
On the occasion, the Governor also launched the book “IHCAP Science Briefs” by Shimpy Khurana, Communication Officer, IHCAP and Dr. S. Ashutosh, IFS, Addl.PCCF, Dy CEO, MBDA. The Officer in charge of Environmental Conservation in Meghalaya explained the purpose of the meeting to discuss the environment.
Bah Dkhar said it will not be long but they will complete it soon so that the candidates can go and meet the people.
These two trucks were also found in the ground floor of the FCI station. Police today went to the FCI station to conduct investigation. Police have found petrol tankers in the surrounding area of ​​the FCI.
The football team was coached by Prosperous Warjri and Rodson Warjri and the basketball team was coached by Jeanita Warjri and Barikupar Warjri.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The new hall of the Army Public School Shillong today was inaugurated by Mrs Pia Ahuja, Zonal President AWWA. David Manlun , Kirti Chakra - I'm Not Afraid
The deadline for submissions is October 25,
To make it easier for the people, the government has taken measures to include the COVID-19 test in the MHIS card.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, Mawryngkeng MLA Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Khyriem Hima Chiefs and children of thousands of people were present on the occasion. The Hima Khyriem, together with the elders of the Hima, performed a dance at the square on the closing ceremony of the Hima Khyriem.
Justice W.Diengdoh, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya and Chairman of HCLSC were also present.
From the 11th constituency: Brington Shylla (INC), Ojanris Rabon (NCP), Lakhon P Sungoh (HSPDP), Khamshain Shylla (IND), Rudayoo Tang (IND) and Biling Kya (IND).
Shillong, March 02: A group of drivers who have passed the DSC examination conducted by the East Khasi Hills District Selection said that all the drivers who have passed the DSC examination are still 25 drivers. What they know is that in Shillong alone there are 10 vacancies.
During the lockdown in 2021, the 1917iTEAMS through the teams delivered the products to the homes and allowed them to purchase the products from different villages.
Nongstoin, July 02: The Rambrai Circle West Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep condolences over the darkness and rudeness of some unidentified persons on the night of 30 May 2014 at 10:00 pm. :30 PM where they destroyed the residences of the staff of PHC Rambrai by knocking on the door, breaking the windows and intimidating the staff of the PHC Rambrai.
Samla Lambokstar Marngar, Finance Secretary KSU, who is also in charge of the Ri-Bhoi district of the KSU, was the chief guest at the meeting. In the presence of Ferdinand K Kharkamni, President of NKHD Unit, Samla Vincent Makri, General Secretary of NKHD Unit, members of the KSU from Ri-Bhoi district and others.
Gardenia Chyne and Rosemary R Marak who have completed seven training courses at this center have donated computers.
Police have seized the vehicle at Umtyra and during the search, they have found the drugs packed in 100 boxes of soap.
Other speakers at the meeting were Wandana Sharma, Secretary, PNGRB, AK Tiawari, PNGRB Chairman, Dr. Anil Kumar Jain, Additional Chief Secretary, Dr. Shakil P. Ahamed, Additional Chief Secretary, PNGRB. Suresh P. Manglani, CEO of Adani Global Gas, and Sanjay Kumar of GAIL. All the speakers on the occasion said that the application process for the management of Lyer Shet, Lyer The tender will be completed in June 2024 to operate vehicles in six states in the region, namely Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Ngaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Sikkim.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : One of the diseases, Tuberculosis, has spread across the region and the state. Swer PHC, in collaboration with Swer PHC, on Monday conducted a special training program for parents on the disease and also on the health of parents during poverty. he to rice socio an development Guild.
“Any attempt to fill the vacancies from the recent NORCET list will not be accepted as we will stand on the basis that we have already met with you.
In his speech, Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary KSU Sengkmie, urged that as members of the Seng to serve the Jaitbynriew, many challenges will be faced but they should be prepared to ensure that the Jaitbynriew will be able to serve the Jaitbynriew. can live.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang encouraged the farmers to cultivate this plant so that it will be of benefit to the farmers.
In this meeting, the union also pointed out that NEHU has not been able to appoint Group-A staff and the VC has promised that at least 70% of the staff will be recruited in the coming months. years shall be able to employ people in these positions.
When contacted by the nearby residents, they said that there was a fire and they saw a blazing fire.
CST services will be a training for traders to know if GST will work.
On the UDP side, Allantry Dkhar, Embhah Syiemlieh, Dr. Aman War, candidate from 17-Shillong North Constituency, Ohio Suting and other party officials were also present. to lay a wreath in honor of this great man of the nation.
Therefore, if Dr. Eureka does not come to explain this issue in front of the Party members.
The strength in sports greatly enhances the glory of the country,” he added.
All mobile towers start working only after this.
On this day I would like to remind the farmers that they should be proud to be farmers and should not be ashamed to be farmers.
VPP MLA from Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran on Tuesday visited Mawlong Village to inspect the condition of the village and the roads. There will be a Presbytery service of the Presbyterian Church in this village.
Madhav Singh, a science teacher at Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Ri Bhoi, Meghalaya, expressed his happiness on receiving this award.
In this way, it has been provided in other places such as the Governor's House at Raj Bhavan and other places of worship.
Shillong, November 23: Four MDCs of the HSPDP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent a letter to Bah PN Syiem expressing their decision not to submit to the Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Front (PDF). under your guidance.
In her short speech, Ms Sabina said that to get good health, it is necessary to be clean and when there is cleanliness, the number of diseases is less.
They were handed over to Dawaki Police Station by the BSF after registering a complaint against them. They entered India with the intention of helping other Bangladeshis. to enter India.
According to the provisions of this Act, Registers have also been appointed in the East and West Khasi Hills Districts, Ri Bhoi Districts, East and West Garo Districts and Mairang, Sohra Civil Sub-Divisions.
On this occasion, the Lum Jingthang Committee, also took part in the distribution of moments to the members of the Kur Parakha who came forward to help in their contribution to the Committee. Through this contribution, it has been possible to build and decorate this sacred mountain which is used for the last rituals of the parakur parakha after their death.
BSF and Police raided the workplace and seized 25 rounds of ammunition and 17 rounds of ammunition. Md Samsoddin, 22, Md Abdul Jonaed-23, Md Alinoor, Md Alinoor, 32 Bangladeshis and two Indians, Md Abdin, 22 from Karimganj and Md Eqramul, from Assam.
On the other hand, Goanbura said in front of the Dy Syiem and the Ministers of the Nongkhlaw Hima that from now on he will tell the people of Barigoan not to cross the border. The people who came to farm within the boundary of the Nongkhlaw Hima have apologized and promised that in the future they will not come to farm within the boundary of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
Shillong, July 04: Three youths from Meghalaya have set up Saindur Enviro to market SE Organic bags to replace plastic bags which have polluted the environment as it is today.
Nongstoin, July 23: More than 1000 Khileh Nongsynshar from Village to Hima/Elaka of West Khasi Hills District were held on 21st and 22nd Jan 2013 at Mairang, Nongkhalaw Hima Office and Nongstoin. Nongstoin, who were summoned at 11 pm, decided to attend the Special Dorbar Ri to be held on the 13th February 2013 at Mairang, in front of the office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
He said this has happened with our healthcare services.
In this regard, the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Tynsong, has promised that the HLC will not give more than 30 days to appoint them. report to the Government in this regard.
The Snap Paka was enriched by the Shillong Chamber Choir, a performance by the students of Jeebon Roy Creative Arts, Umsohsun and the participation of Toshan Singh Nongbet. The band from Nagaland has reached the final of the India's Got Talent 2012 competition.
The app is the first to use face verification in any benefit scheme of the Government of India.
Waheh OR Challam in his welcome to the DC who promised to be the chief guest at the meeting and returned at the same step about an hour before the start of the ceremony, expressed his regret for this insult and the misdeeds of this patriotic young man on this great day.
“If Bah PN Syiem and the EC cannot fulfill this demand within two months, we can appeal to the authorities in charge of this scheme or to the Government of India,” he said.
Shillong, November 22: The Government today released T.90 lakh for the payment of salaries of MTC employees, said Bah Taining Dkhar, Commissioner Secretary, Transport Department. Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah K Runmong said that the monthly salary of the employees will reach T.70 lakh, but what they want is that the MTC should pay them. about two months and that is T.1.4 crore.
Shillong, July 22: The monthly meeting of the Meghalaya SSA Central Body with the management of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) Noida today ended.
Two Ministers James K Sangma, Kyrmen Shylla, Timothy Shira and supporters of the Commission and Secretary to the Legislative Assembly Andrew Simon were accompanied by the nomination process. Shillong, Lber 14: The doctoral students of the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy, Shillong have staged a three-day protest outside the College at Mawdiangdiang. don't have a hostel to stay.
: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government on Tuesday issued an order through the Secretary Bah Cyril.
The Minister said that the railway line has brought many benefits to the people of Garo Hills and she herself has never heard of any infiltration by the authorities.
It is too stingy for the MDA Government to implement the MRSSA amendment 2019, even the Entry or Exit Point has not been completed yet.
Speaking to reporters, LD Suchiang, Chief Engineer of PWD, said that they are ready to seek assistance from the World Bank for the construction of these two bridges in Wah Shella and Khasiamara. in East Khasi Hills District.
This competition ended in the middle of the storm.
He spoke about the objective of the Yatra which is to inform the disadvantaged sections of the society who should participate in various schemes but have not yet benefited from these schemes.
According to the order of the College Teachers Union (FEDUCTA) and AIFRUCTO, they will hold a protest in the capital on Teachers' Day. court arrested'.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Ampareen said that the media in this age has a great role to play in shaping the society by providing the right news. it's to the public.
Titostarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra Constituency, who was removed from the post of Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, has accused the Chairman of the Council (KHA) Lamphrang Blah. saying that the manner in which the assembly was conducted was tyrannical.
Speech was also delivered by Wympherheimonki Lamare, Acting Secretary of the Blind Lead Trust.
There was no open procedure.
Also present on the occasion were the family members of Bah Peter G Marbaniang, children, grandchildren and friends of Bah Peter G Marbaniang. 25th Anniversary of the Death of Bah Peter Mar Marbaniang.
The first phase of the National Covid-19 Vaccination Strategy was launched on 16 July 2021 with a preliminary review of the protection of our guardians, those working in the health services and those working in the work related to Covid-1
At the online meeting, the Prime Minister will inaugurate the eighth phase of the RozgarMela and will deliver speeches at 45 venues.
Giving such examples in his speech, he stressed on the importance of service delivery in Government work.
Rani said that since then until now, the pump has been Tailor Made, because when it was built, it has been lost and the manufacturer of the pump from Shillong has not had to call from Guwahati for months. For months, the residents of Mawiong have lost water only because of the pump. There are two pumps and one is no longer working.
ed offline and convener of the Improvement Teachers today met with the Minister of Education to discuss the issues of the teachers who have fought for the D.El.
The temperature in the world is rising and even in India , there are states where the temperature has reached 50 degrees Celsius , said the Chief Minister's Advisor Dr DD Lapang at the meeting of ASHAs at Student Square today.
Jahlupara Police Station is conducting investigation into the incident.
These robbers demanded three thousand pieces of silver.
Speaking on the problems faced by the people in coming and going, he said that the PMGSY road at Dokongsi in North Garo Hills has been abandoned. The Chief Minister said that the government will also set up a forest protection force known as the Forest Protection Force. within the Forest Department and this will provide employment opportunities for the youth.
As the party, we will not sit idly by on this important issue but we will continue to monitor,” said Bah Rani.
