Should the law be solansar for all, not only for the Sengbhalang leaders, or should the poor be arrested at will but the Government of Meghalaya has really implemented the law properly? Why didn't you arrest the cement company chiefs, the police chiefs involved in the Fullmon case, the government chiefs who were involved in the illegal appointment of teachers, the sale of land? illegal for the new Shillong (New Shillong), failure to participate in the Child Development Scheme (ICDS) and others," as found through the RTI of the CSWO. on the High Court of Meghalaya on the request of the Government to set up a special court only to try the leaders and members of political parties who have staged village blockade, road blockade and office blockade is not “It's a matter of fraud and shilling without thinking carefully about the order in the rule of law in the country,” said Bah Majaw. President of JYF According to Dr. Mukul Sangma, the punishment of the political parties who continue to protest will be in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of India. Sangma has arrested and banned the cement companies which have destroyed the environment around it, and the Supreme Court's decision says that any factory producing cement dewbilat shall not be illegally erected without the permission of the MoEF Central.
Regarding the issuance of Trading Licenses, there is a law which the District Councils look after and the government has directed that those who are entitled to receive Trading Licenses should do so. the law that was.
The President of India will soon award the honor to the Leader of the Seng in Delhi at a meeting to be arranged specially by the Chief Minister in the presence of other dignitaries. protection.
“As the leader of the VPP, we don't believe in such things but we urge our loved ones who believe that this is the time of elections, we will not be quiet but we will be strong and we will respect our dignity. It is true that those people who support (the VPP) are involved but as I said I have not yet confirmed and the party has not yet confirmed whether they are or not but if they are, I say only that While the election campaign is going on, perhaps in the darkness of anger against those rulers, it is impossible to know.
On the other hand, the MDC said that if the villages do not get light for 10 years, how can they pay? They have the right not to pay for electricity. to cut off the power supply if they cannot properly provide light.
The meeting was held at Kyrshai today and was convened by the Sordar Shnongs of the area and at this meeting they decided to immediately reject the proposal of the Brahmaputra Board to pay the fee. and urged the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya to demand the removal of the proposed power plant.
COMSO admitted that they have started to find out that AL Hek is one of those who have misled the Home Ministry to suspend the implementation of the ILP in the State.
In his speech, Bah Pyniaid admitted that there are 20 members in the UDA and the reason for the no confidence motion against the EC of Bah Latiplang is that there is no more paid members.
Strongly condemning Prof. Shukla's statement on the appointment of Rohit Prasad, the Chairman of the JAC said, “Recently the Vice Chancellor in an interview with the media has stated that the appointment of Rohit Prasad's appointment is in accordance with the rules of the UGC Model CRR after being approved by the Executive Council of NEHU, but all this is illegal because it is against the rules of procedure of NEHU. You have not been invited to post an advertisement.
The school does not have to pay tuition fees and as it does not have its own school building, the fathers run the school after the Lower Primary School students have left. Sacred Heart, Mother.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has informed the public that there will be a cleanliness drive as usual on the 1st November on Friday from 8.00 pm.
This negligence of the Government of Meghalaya/NHIDCL to improve the road has upset the passengers and the villagers as they have to wash their dishes before eating due to the pum pum and the large number of vehicles. heavy/small running 24 hours.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 7, of which 6 are unvaccinated. Five deaths from East Khasi Hills, one from South West Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases so far is
The Seng sends its condolences to the family members, children and grandchildren of these prominent kaitor for the loss of the head of the family.
The President of the UDP party said that the purpose of the state is to govern itself, in those days of struggle for Meghalaya and achieved in In 1970, the Autonomous State was obtained and the reason for that is that at that time of Assam's rule there was a compulsion for the whole country to use the Assamese language.
At this meeting, it was decided to write to both the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, the people of Assam to write to the Chief Minister of their state and from Meghalaya to the Chief Minister. Meghalaya has demanded that the proposal to build a light plant in the Khri River be cancelled.
However, he said it would be difficult to acquire land only with the existing documents as Assam also has its own documents to acquire land. it is whose documents they are.
Dr Manjunatha said that they are still waiting for the permission from the government, once they get the permission from the government they will start taking the census and once they get the census they will start issuing the challan again. to the merchants who still had the ore in their mines.
All those who quarry these stones from the river should approach the SDO of Sohra on the 26th of this month if they are the owners of the land. .
Two deaths have been reported today, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Eastern West Khasi Hills District. 1016 cases, 136 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 90 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that many people are the first to receive the benefits and stressed on the responsibility of the leaders from the groups in the villages and urged them to find the right people. to benefit every village, ward, city and district.
Those who understand better and those who are more knowledgeable are welcome to share stories and explain.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that he will take up the issue with the Prime Minister for immediate action.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the main goal of the government is to fight for the development of the state. They are the engines of income generation in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, MLA Zenith Sangma, who is also a Minister in the state government, said that this decision of the government is a difficult decision to bring development closer to the people. In his speech, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar said that the existence of the Block is because the government wants to bring development closer to the people.
“The lack of light in these villages has severely affected the education of the school children and has also affected the health of the children as they have to use light at night with alcohol when studying at night and they have to ring. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said the KSU Laskein Circle.
It is learned that this road falls under the jurisdiction of the Shillong By Pass Division. The residents alleged that it is the sting of the office that the contractors have been able to do too much to facilitate the work. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the fee for registration in the past few days has been confusing because some people have taken it at a low price and some have taken it at a high price. and with the introduction of the Land Rule, the land registration fee has been regulated.
He said that there will be no restrictions on the number of participants in the dorbar due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and there will be no quarantine facilities for those who will attend the dorbar tomorrow.
On behalf of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Manmohan Singh, on behalf of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, urged the students to wait for the report from the Women's Department and once they have received it, The report shall be considered in connection with this allegation.
He also requested the departments in charge of these lines to take action and send inspections so that they can have any safety measures.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded from the Chief Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board to remove the bread shop at Motphran. .
“Until now, there are only two aggregators who have received permits, JETS 24×7 and NE Rider to earn money by carrying passengers,” said Bah Kharmalki.
Shillong, November 06: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District.
The world is now in turmoil due to these climate changes, deforestation, loss of forests and natural resources, and especially the increasing pollution of the environment.
Dr Marak said that the deaths of these pigs were on the same day and not on the same day. Swine Fever" after the post mortem at the laboratory in Lumdiengjri.
No government or political party shall allow or ignore the fight against terrorism.
Referring to the discussion on the second phase, the Chief Minister said that the discussion has started on 21st July 2022 and now the government will announce the Regional Committees as it did in the first phase.
Jowai, July 16: The Meghalaya People's United Forum (MPUF) today held a protest in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to demand that the government should continue to implement the DC Jowai Arunkumar Khebhavi has been appointed as his term has not yet expired.
There are 1 case in East Garo Hills, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 43 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ribhai and 9 cases in West Garo Hills.
Congratulating the winners, the President of the country, Ram Nath Kovind said, “I hope that the Prime Minister Rashtriya Bal Puraskar, 2021 will not only encourage the winners but also encourage the winners. other children should have the desire and hard work.
Answering questions, Muivah said the NEC receives schemes from all state governments every year of not less than T.4000 crore but the allocation is only T. 920 crore this year and for next year only T.925 crore.
Speaking to reporters, M Kharkrang, Secretary Legislative Assembly of KHADC, said that he has received the resignation letter of Bah LG Nongsiej as Chairman of the District Council. they will have to send it to the governor for acceptance of the letter of resignation.
He said the central government should send a letter to the Russian government to disclose the KGB documents regarding the death of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
On the other hand, the CSWO has had the opportunity to go to the CBI headquarters to verify the allegation of the union and has confirmed that there have been letters sent from the office to the CBI. The Government of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the DGP and Chief Secretary of the State and these letters state that it should be investigated.
The presence of these camps has caused instability due to the attacks on the passengers who have to pass through these areas which has caused a lot of trouble.
He spoke about the importance of Parliament by pointing to the determination of 140 people of the country to sanctify Parliament.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The HFU today visited Pynursla to expand its campaign to the area, where the farmers have agreed and accepted to set up a branch of the HFU.
Naik said to fight against the money laundering in this election we need the cooperation of all sides to ensure that there will be no money laundering in this election.
Members of the union immediately collected their belongings and expelled them immediately with a strong warning that these people should not return after being expelled.
The Secretary, SPI in his speech spoke on the recent initiatives of the Department to reduce the ease of survey data such as Computer-Aided Personal Interview (CAPI), new surveys, and you are a new Sankhyiki.
The victory of SBS Sec.School, Wapung for the fourth time in the March Pass Parade is not an easy task, as it requires discipline and hard work to win the competition.
The District Magistrate has taken a decision for the safety of the public in accordance with the powers conferred under the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations 2020 and as amended, to be able to test those who have been in close contact with those who are sick. Jongskha village was declared a closed area.
There are 19 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 36 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 527 cases in East Khasi Hills, 23 cases in North Garo Hills, 18 cases in Ri Bhoi, 05 cases in South West Garo Hills and 43 cases in South West Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills 84, West Garo Hills 72, West Jaintia Hills 19.
Shillong, June 05: Answering a question by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister of State for Environment and Natural Resources, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the Political Map of Meghalaya has already been drawn. in the year 1979-1980 and this map is available.
The government said.
He said that the union has found that most of the shopkeepers are not Khasi. He said that these foreigners who come to do their jobs should not pay taxes. .
Finally, I would like to say that the Bri U Hynniewtrep really needs brave and courageous leaders who will stand up to fight against the violence against the nation from time to time.
, said that data on industries should be transparent to ensure smooth policy formulation for industrial activities.
When SP News Agency reached the scene, it was found that the inscription was on the army post and the inscription was on the post on the road to Pomlakrai.
If para 12(b) can be inserted, para 12(a) should be removed which means that only the signature of the Governor can prevent the implementation of the laws of the Central Government in the State.
It is estimated that the distance from the road to the place where the truck fell is about 100 feet.
Not only the candidates, but even more than 22 lakh voters who have fulfilled their duty to cast their votes at various Polling Stations in the state have been shocked by the snier. The counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on July 4,
These entry points will reopen from 01st July 2020. The entry points to be closed are Ratachera, Mirjumla, Trikikilla, Bajengdoba, Hilagandi and Byrnihat.
Shillong, June 30: The Secretary to the Political Department, Bah Cyril VD Deingdoh in a letter sent to all the Deputy Commissioners on the night of 29/04/2020, has informed that one District to another within the Green Zone.
The 9-year-old child was taken to Karbi Anglong in Assam.
Only after investigation, it was learned that they were taken to Hamren which is a place far from Mukroh.
More than 8 lakh people today took the decision to elect their MDCs in the two District Councils.
Regarding vehicles, vehicles are allowed to travel from one district to another district but only 50% of private vehicles and commercial vehicles. Odd and Event numbers have been handed over to the DCs and DTOs.
Latest reports say that there will be more MDCs who will join the NPP in KHADC, although many of the NPP MDCs will support the UDP to lead the EC as it has been decided.
Speaking at the Dorbar, u Lyngskor Hima Khyrim said that in the past, for many years, there have been attempts to find out how to get the legal recognition of the traditional rules. At first he did not explain the progress of the protest, but he admitted that now when he saw the position of Bah John F Kharshiing, on this issue, and especially when he saw these documents and the letter from The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) of the Government of India, said that it is hopeful and congratulates the efforts of Bah John F Kharshiing to find a way how to raise and put these rights before the Government of India. , and said that it is now necessary to strongly support this struggle to reach the goal until these principles are included in the Constitution of India.
However, this year, even though November has started, the MBOSE has not sent any notifications and has not sent the application forms to the various centers and the deadlines for submission of application forms. The names of the candidates who wish to sit for the examination in 2021 have not yet been received.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Director of the Khasi Indigenous Foundation, Bah Niman Shadap, today announced that it will hold a Khasi Traditional Show Online.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong today presented the budget for the year 2022-2023 which is less than T.17,000/-.
Shillong, July 29: “We need to have adequate policies to strengthen trade with Bangladesh as Meghalaya has many trade routes linked to the country's economy,” said the Chief Minister. and Dr Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The casual workers of NEHU under the banner of the All NEHU Workers' Union (ANWU) have continued their strike today.
In his speech, the Prime Minister pointed out the important role of educational institutions in the development of human intelligence and said that the country can develop only through the development of the people of an.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) today left the meeting of all political parties convened by the government to discuss the roster.
If Kim doesn't want to go, we'll do it.
Others who took part in the meeting were the MDC from Ranbrai, MDC from Mawphlang, MDC from Nongpoh.
Shillong, March 23: U Bah Ban L Nongbri, the candidate of the KHNAM from Mawlai constituency, although he has not been the leader of the constituency, has done many things as a leader. It was with his willingness to contribute to the area and he did not look too much only to get votes, as there were villages which received assistance from him, which had only two or three households.
Regarding this, the Chief Minister said that all the necessary documents will be issued by various government departments and if they cannot issue the permits, they will be issued on time. at the appointed time, it shall not be approved.
The bomb blast at the Syndicate Bus parking lot is close to the bomb blasts in previous incidents carried out by the HNLC.
“More than 270 films will be screened at four venues – INOX Panjim, Machinez Palace, INOX Porvorim and Z Square Samrat Ashok (2).
However, the son told his mother to stay for a while and he would go and find a way to deliver the goods, but after he returned to the same place he found that his mother was asleep. lyngktar on the ground with the lyngkien of blood.
At the same time, keeping in mind the need to curb the spread of COVID-19, National Directives to combat COVID-19 have been introduced to be implemented by District Magistrates through fines and penalties. in accordance with the provisions of the Disaster Management Act,
The provisions of the Clinical Establishment Act allow States to regulate private hospitals.
Lapang said the Congress party is a party that promotes democracy, it does not say who will be the prime minister before the election, it is after the election that they elect their leader and who gets it. The confidence of the majority of the MLAs in him has been appointed as the Prime Minister.
He said that after taking over the post of President of MUPSTA from 2001-2002, he will retire after the tournament and will hand over to others to take over the post.
The Kisan Kalyan Karyashala was organized by the Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Rural Development of the State Government.
Regarding this statement of Bah John F Kharshiing, it was decided that if there is such a discussion on Forest and IOA & AA, the MLFOA has urged the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Khasi States. All the members of the Legislative Assembly to hear with their own ears the basis of the debate on the rights of the Khasi in the Assembly.
During the training, there was a discussion between the students and teachers from different educational institutions in the area.
She also urged the youth to work hard in the sports so that they can rise higher and not just in the village.
It is learned that the same problem has happened in the Garo Hills especially in Tura where shops have to close in terms of selling and buying. Almost all the shops do not understand the PoS machine that the shops have to install.
Shillong, July 26: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne, in reply to the debate on the budget for the year 2020-2 Courts in Nongpoh, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat will be opened soon.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) Regional Office in Guwahati today held a meeting to raise awareness and promote the use of Aadhaar in the state. Shillong to encourage people to register for Aadhaar.
There are 14,00,411 lakh voters in 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, 68,37,66 lakh males and 71,66,43 lakh females. There are 2481 office workers.
Mawkyrwat, July 07: The KSU Balat Border Area Circle in collaboration with the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, KSU Sengkmie and other organizations like HNYF and FKJGP on to protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state as part of the curb the influx of foreigners.
Those who attended the strike today were all 60 people who work in the villages to distribute malaria medicines but they were suspended due to the government's refusal to accept them.
“I have already directed the Police not to allow such incidents.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the Congress party will take all necessary measures to force the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. ) has already filed an appeal in the High Court of Meghalaya against the decision of the Lokayukta to investigate into the illegal coal trade.
Therefore, the Union appeals to all the residents of Ri Lum Jaintia from the residents, shopkeepers, commercial vehicles and all the residents to cooperate and to stand firm so that nothing will happen. and at the same time we can also receive the fruit of victory.
The tender box was opened on the orders of TG Momin and then Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills, Chinmay Gotmare.
Most importantly, if it is recognized as an Institute of National Importance, all the doctors, paramedics and staff nurses working at NEIGRIHMS Hospital will get the same benefits as AIIMS. NEIGRIHMS) has informed me that there is no hearing on the appointment of staff in this hospital.
Ashish, 29, gave the child new clothes and sent him to school.
Robert said that if the bill of the Assam government becomes law, it will affect especially Meghalaya which has to import animals from abroad to supply meat to the state.
It is also part of the welcome to the New Year 2018 which will be a good year in all aspects.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26: The JYF-EJH (JYF) has held a meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Samla Niwasly Rymbai President and John Pala Secretary. urge the DC to implement the Permit Local Taxis received from the office of the DTO of the District so that the owners of vehicles can be safe and the public can be safe from the exploitation of illegally used private vehicles. and to collect income from those who have already paid the permit fee as required by law.
Four technology centers in Bhiwadi, Bhopal, Puddi and Tinsukia) have been opened.
During the meeting, Conrad said that the roads that need to be improved are the NH-62 from Pattargittim to Dalu, the NH-51 from Tura to Dalu, the road from Baghmara to Ranikor. South West Khasi Hills via Maheskola and Mahadeo and to connect the Agia Road to Dalu via Phulbari and the Singimari Road to be converted into a National Highway.
This was announced by the Union Minister of State in charge of DoNER, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy & Space, Dr Jitendra Singh. information on measures taken against the second phase of the COVID 19 pandemic.
Referring to the problems faced by the school, the Minister said that if it is true as stated by the MLA in the House, they should file a complaint against those involved. government.
A case has been registered against them under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 and a case has been registered against them. registered in  Mawlai PS Case No 67(10)2021 U/S 21(c)/29 NDPS Act.
“Therefore, we urge the various groups in Manipur to come to the peace talks table.
Justice SR Sen, in his order issued on the 15th of this month, directed the Deputy Commissioner Pooja Pandey to return the certificates to those who have appealed and to register them. They are on the electoral roll.
There are nearly 50 bookstores.
Justine Sohphoh and her vehicle (ML05-Y-7258), resident of Riat Laban Football Block-A, have been missing since 16th November 2023 at 6:00 pm. I was on my way from Tura to Shillong.
With the aim of recruiting more youth into the BSF, leaflets on the recruitment process for the posts of Constable, Assistant Sub-Inspector, and Sub-Inspector & Assistant Commandant were distributed among the students. to explain about this.
Let us turn, correct, correct, correct, correct, correct, correct, correct our own ho!.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said in the House that the scheme was sent to the DoNER in the year 2015-2016 and there has been a follow-up from the government in this regard. road and the last letter sent by the government was dated 15th November 2017.
Referring to the assistance in the development of the constituency, the Congress MLA, Bah Founder Strong Cajee, who admitted that he has invested Rs 50 crore in the Mawlai Constituency, has admitted that he has invested Rs 50 crore in the Mawlai Constituency. On the part of Bah Embhah, this is just a lie, the residents of the village have seen that even one indoor stadium in many villages and villages does not even have to improve those that have been built. There is nothing for the youth and others but wherever we go we find only the deterioration of the footpaths in the villages as well as the road especially the VIP road.
His mobile phone and that of his wife were seized and data was taken from two tablets and two laptops inside his house.
co.5th MLP Bn, Samgong, Williamnagar was awarded the Police Medal for Meritorious Service.
There were 529 soldiers in all.
Shillong, March 25: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night arrested two persons with drugs worth T.20/- lakh and seized a vehicle. .
This report is 209 pages long.
“This is not a Special Session.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Director of Assam Riffle on Tuesday said that they have nothing to do with the allegation of human rights violations by shooting a 12-year-old boy in Manipur. .
Shillong, July 09: BSF troops at Umsyiem have seized a large quantity of sarees worth T.31 lakh tyngka. easy to cross the border of Bangladesh for the convenience of smugglers from Bangladesh.
Rymbui said that the Chief Minister will soon leave for Delhi to discuss the border issue and at the same time they will discuss the issue and the person to become a ksiang should accept it. between the central and state governments.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Government has spent about T.17 crore per annum to pay fixed incentives of T.2000 per month as honorarium to the ASHAs. about T.22 – 23 crore from NHM as Performance-based Incentives.
Those who are lynga now are the MLAs of the AITMC, the reason is that they think that when they leave the party everything will be within them, but now if they have to sit in the opposition they will have nothing to do with it. They cannot force the Congress MLAs.
At the same time, jerk rice was distributed in writing to the people to encourage them to clean up and golden umrupa water, drinking water and umtong were also distributed.
The United Democratic Party (UDP), which is one of the three parties with the largest number of MDCs in the current EC of KHADC, has said that it is not happy with the behavior of the HSPDP and KHNAM. The party has not supported the party candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the recent MP election.
According to this rule, many mining leases have been applied for in compliance with all the requirements but surprisingly the government has not yet given its approval.
The Prime Minister congratulated ICRISAT for its contribution to the development of agriculture in various parts of the world including India.
After this cold weather, people came to see because the road was filled with cold weather.
The Railway Department congratulates all those who took part in the rescue of the people trapped in these two railway stations, the Assam Riffle, Indian Air Force, the They came out even in the middle of the heavy rain.
There will also be a competition on traditional Khasi music, the song can be any but the music must be traditional instruments.
The Co-ordinator, IQAC Dr. Sharma, in his speech on the occasion, recalled the long history of the Library at the College.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The KHNAM has become stronger with the joining of hundreds of residents of Shilliang Umdoh-Umjapung village as members of the party's primary unit.
In his speech, the GOC of 101 congratulated the 180 youths who have completed the training and from today they have been inducted into the army.
There are 110 cases in West Garo Hills.
The department has also seized some food items from Myanmar from Happy Valley area and now they have to send them to check whether they are safe to eat. It is time to know whether they have been brought in accordance with the rules of trade laid down by the Central Government.
At present, T.20 crore has been allocated for the construction of the dorbar hall and this has not been funded by the state government.
On the same day, a meeting was held at Shillong Law College to mark the National Road Safety Week. who are obliged to obey the laws to escape punishment.
Principals of these schools from all four schools were also present on the occasion in the presence of Rangbah Shnong.
Through appropriate letters, the union has urged the office to provide electricity to these areas.
Shillong, March 18: The President of the Poor People's Movement (PPM) Loius Dohtdong has resigned from the post of President of the Party (PPM) at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbal Hall Shillong. MDC Election for Laban-Mawprem Constituency.
The newly confirmed office bearers are Daniel Kharshandi, Vice President of the Central Body, Steven Khyriem, Education Secretary and Larisuk Rani as the President of the Women Wing.
“In fact, I am grateful to the Chief Minister for giving me the Ranikor Civil Sub Division and appointing me as the Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board, at the cabinet level. minister”.
Not only that, according to the RTI report received by the union from the office of the SDSEO, Mawkyrwat, it was found that besides the recruitment process for the posts of Asst.Teacher, the recruitment process has been done without public announcement through advertisement. The Office of the Director of School Education and Literacy has also appointed teachers without following the NCTE Norms.
The promotion of digital payments, the participation of credit unions, banks, and Digital Payment Aggregators (DPAs) has opened up access to digital jobs and training.
Once again, the union will meet with the DC to give only 5 days to bring machines or rollers to repair the roads like in Khliehriat, Lad Rymbai otherwise the union will declare an indefinite strike. Strike ).
However, we urge the Harijan community to accept the relocation to the place provided by the Government for your people and leave the metor area peacefully.
Narendra ModiDepartment of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions;Department of Atomic Energy;Department of Space;All policy related functions' and All functional departments not delegated to any Minister.
The Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 will not grant all these immigrants citizenship without proper proof and evidence.
The entry and exit of vehicles from one state to another has been banned.
Such incidents are not only happening now but there have been recent incidents in Sohiong and other places. He said that even the electricity posts which have almost collapsed, MeECL has said that it cannot replace them because it does not have the money and this is unacceptable.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong has said that the Mawjymbuin Crematorium belongs to the people, but falls under the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram Village Council. People who wish to visit this place are not allowed to visit or hold any rituals of any group but they cannot own it.
Shillong, March 30: Government Spokesperson Bah Roni V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government is ready to discuss the influx of foreigners into the state.
The Minister of Culture and Heritage of Arunachal Pradesh, Government of Arunachal Pradesh, was the chief guest at the 123rd Anniversary Celebration. nation.
In a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, the Council leaders demanded that the Government should strengthen the Anti-Infiltration Check Gate in East Jaintia Hills District.
The light from Myntdu Leskha which should have been sold at T.2.9 tyngka per unit has been sent to sell at T.2.9 tyngka per unit. you are hungry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina expressed their gratitude for the inauguration of the Akhaura-Agartala railway line on 1st November,
Unquote.
The House Committee, which includes the ruling and opposition parties, has been asked to inspect the area to find out the truth of the allegation. days to submit a report to the Executive Committee.
This claim that there is plastic is unfounded and there is no plastic forest, the people should not worry about this, the company has thoroughly investigated the matter. it is the bread that you sell to the people.
Martina urged the police to arrest the BSF personnel involved in the attack on her house and punish them according to the rules of law.
The reason for the cancellation of the festival and all the programs on the opening day of the festival is due to the sudden change of power. environment and to avoid any incident to the participants of this festival.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Kennedy said the reason is that the owner of Mylliem Service Station has suspended Jay Prakash Mishara for his actions. as complained by the people who came to throw oil.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit will hold the 3rd May Academic Award 2020 for the best students in the Class X and Class XII examinations. This year is 31 July
Including the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948, which also states the date of the signing of the 25 Khasi States and the date of acceptance by the Governor General of India. on August 17,
He was one of the highest commanders of the army in the India-Pakistan War in 1971, when he was one of the commanders of the army. who have sacrificed themselves to bring victory in the war against Pakistan.
Before handing over these equipment, Bah Kharpran wished Samborlang that he will be able to continue playing football until he grows up so that it will be a source of income for him. part of you.
“On the part of the Seng, we would like to express that our fellow citizens should not lose their land which is their right. We should not lose our land,” said a statement sent by Samla Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary of KSU West Jaintia Hills Unit.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State, in a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of nine villages in Mawkliaw area today, said that there is no problem at all to introduce these Pynursla Civil Sub-Division if the people wish.
In a statement sent by the Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh, Mariahom Kharkrang, Hek said that the selection of the award has given him great joy and strength. He urged him to work hard for the good of the state and the country as a whole.
Police have helped to collect foodgrains to distribute to the people in the area who have been affected by the natural disaster in these days. The affected villages are from Borsora and so on. to the High School.
However, if something happens to our Paradoh parasnam, they try to stop and restore as much as they can.
Know that as different organizations or groups, we may have many differences in the flags we have, but we are one mind and purpose and “that is to protect and preserve and especially to fight without hesitation for the sake of our nation,” said the statement.
The money received from the donation was handed over to M Dohlieng by the president of KDA in the presence of the family members and the coordinator, of the valley. There are 12 Shnongs.
At the same time, the council strongly condemns the remarks of the MLA of Mylliem on the Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, they request the Chief Minister that if this border settlement leads to peace, they request to return them to Meghalaya.
Answering questions, Pangniang said the party trusts the office bearers in the constituencies and it will be known better if the park employees have informed or called.
The death toll from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 12, East Khasi Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 2, West Khasi Hills 1 to 1085 people.
On the other hand, the KSU said that the Meghalaya government should take action against the KSA's threat on the border issue because they say that they will change the situation like what happened in Manipur. We have not been afraid, but if they have started, we are not blind and deaf.
This was announced by the RTI applicant, Bah Disparsing Rani, according to the RTI reply received from the Civil Hospital.
“My visit to this area and as a politician I cannot say that everything can happen but the Government has its own experts and will do its duty,” said Bah Adelbert.
Harijan Panchayat Committee Secretary Gurjeet Singh said he could not announce the changes in the Blue Print but he would inform until his Muktiar, u came back from Delhi.
Access to markets will benefit all those involved in these activities including suppliers, buyers, those who are skilled in their fields. plié hundreds of thousands of job opportunities for the people of these two countries.
to be of benefit to the farmers in Meghalaya as a whole.
Dili Thapa, 60, resident of Barapathar, NEIGRIHMS Hospital, has died at 7:10 pm today.
The office bearers of the committee include Chairman Barnabas Lyngdoh, General Secretary John Lamarai and Finance Secretary.
Shillong, July 05: U Vincent H Pala MP and Working President of the Congress Party in Meghalaya on his speech at the welcoming ceremony of Dr Celestine Lyngdoh as President of the MPCC He said that any candidate who wishes to contest from the Congress party can still apply.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Lieutenant General DS Ahuja today met with the Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya Government, Yeshi Tsering, IAS, today. he crane he bun work.
The race will start from Agartala in Tripura, India and will reach major cities of Bangladesh like Comilla, Dhaka, Jessore and end in Kolkata.
The Minister of Home Affairs congratulated the civil society organizations for organizing their protest during the Puja.
During his visit to Delhi, Hek also met with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and urged that the office of the Chief Commissioner of Customs and CGST should be relocated to Shilong and above. This request was also sent in a letter written by the Chief Minister.
They wanted to know how the timeless system of rule was established because Bah John Kharshiing told them that in the Khasi rule there is no five years and all the dorbar shnonh, dorbar raid and dorbar Hima have to be established. as a Dorbar together with the 'khun ki thousand' once every five years, and the children of the thousand may elect new rulers of villages, raids and himas if they have lost the confidence of the majority. (recall) at any time.
If the Shnong Mawsynram issues NOC to the doctors to set up a private clinic inside the CHC, what will be the benefit to the government if it doesn't fix the shortcomings in the CHC because they know that the CHC should operate smoothly. all 24 hours.
When they left, I prayed to God that he still loved me.
They said that they have visited the site at Diengpasoh which is a very large site on behalf of Manerva Academy. They have been impressed by the site and the site belongs to the village and the village is ready to provide wais. Ryntih FC has been playing for at least 40 years.
He said that such Youth Cultural Centers have been set up by the Government in all the Block in order to develop the talents of the youth and also to open up opportunities for them in various fields.
The Chief Minister has urged all to work together for the sake of peace and stability, as peace has begun to come and to do this requires the cooperation of all. The people, on the part of the government, have done their duty.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on Tuesday said that the government of Kyrdem Riad has forced the residents of Kyrdem to build their own toilets under the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC). ) This is according to a statement sent by Agnes Kharshiing.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. RM Kurbah, Dr. RM Kurbah, Dr. RLya, DHS(MCH), Dr. A Lyngdoh, Dr. EL Kharmutee, Dr. EL Kharmutee, Dr. EL Kharmutee, Dr. V.K. Laloo, Dr A Lyngdoh, Medical and Health Officer in charge of Diengpasoh PHC, BMO, CDPO, WHO, JSI, UNDP, District & Block Officials, VHC members, ASHAs, AWWs and parents. .
Shillong, Naiutng 31: At a seminar at St Anthony's College today, the speakers expressed their views on the issue of khaddar rule.
Shillong, July 18: The Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar today honored four residents of Mawkhar Shnong who have brought glory to the entire village with their hard work to reach the goal of victory.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) as one of the organizations that stands for the promotion and protection of human rights, is deeply concerned about the measures taken by the KHADC. to implement the Constituency Division Bill.
New recruits, selected from across the country, will join various government departments including Railway, Post, Defence, Revenue, Higher Education, School Education and Literacy and the Health, among others.
Shillong, November 02: The Community Health Center in Sohra is one of the health centers which has been serving for decades and has now become one of the blessings to the residents of Sohra especially the mothers. The CHC has a shelter for mothers who cannot give birth.
The Secretary of the HSPDP party said that if Para 12(b) can be implemented in Assam, what will happen in Assam if Para 12(a) is removed?
It was Atal Ji who laid the foundations for an India ready to take on the responsibility of global leadership in the 21st century.
The hosts won the toss and chose to field first, hoping to get some help for the pace bowlers from the cloudy skies and brisk wind.
Poonam Singh's daughter, Devani Singh, in an interview with the media on Saturday, slammed the police's stinginess and failure to arrest her father, even after a complaint was filed by the police. ejaculation.
On this occasion, the JSU has submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to set up a police station in Mukroh.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said it is true that BECIL has been given the LOA, but the government has ordered MeECL not to sign the agreement because of the The Government is looking into this issue.
They may face persecution in the Muslim country of Bangladesh and may find it difficult to find asylum or citizenship in India, the country where their relatives live because they are not Christians or Hindus. .
Shillong, Naitung 27: The employees of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) in Shillong today staged a one-day strike to demand that the authorities should issue four demands. of employees.
We are very grateful for your understanding at this difficult time,” said Singh in the letter.4: Nafisabeth D.Syiemlieh, a student of Class-IX at Byrwa RMSA Secondary School, She is the daughter of Bah Werson Diengdoh and Pranty Mary Syiemlieh from Byrwa village. She has been selected as the Youngest Scientist from Ribhoi District in the Yuvika Programme.
The Rangbah Shnong of UmroiDohbyrthih, Nongrah, the parents of the students who passed, the M/cmembers, the Rangbah Balang, and the Rangbah who were specially invited, MC Deka as the chief guest. The school has achieved 100% results in all X & XII.
The election to be held in Meghalaya on the 9th of this month is the second phase of the MP election to the House of Parliament.
In his speech, DGP SB Singh spoke on the importance of the right to know and urged the relevant officers to provide information to those who request information within the time limit. put.
To remove the membership of an MLA, they have to break these rules which the House has, it is true that Bah Julius Dorphang MA of Mawhati has been arrested, but it will be up to the court to decide. he decided.
According to information received, it is believed that the driver of the truck, Sanam Ali from Goalpara District, Assam, could not drive the vehicle. The driver of the vehicle was arrested until it caused this tragic incident.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 27: The KSU Rangthong Unit, after hearing the complaint of the staff of Rangthong PHC regarding the lack of water since last month, immediately went to help to provide water to the Rangthong PHC. PHC and staff quarters.
Avoid metal structures and roofs made of tin and steel.
During the meeting with the jail officials, discussions were held for the erection of a shlem in the name of Tirot Sing Syiem at Dhaka Central Jail along with ministers and dignitaries.
At the same time, Dkhar said that this is on the part of the UDP, the name of Dr Mawthoh will be sent to the MDA to discuss as a group and the UDP will show that they have decide on your name.
Others who were present in the program were Working President of MSOA, John F.Kharshiing, Assistant Director Sports & Youth Affairs, P.B War Nongbri, and officials of Sports & Youth Affairs Department.
These new office bearers were confirmed by the president of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, who before confirming them, gave some words of encouragement to the new leaders of the party, to be hardworking. for the sake of the country and the nation, that as leaders of the civil society, they should be loving to their fellow citizens, to work better in the border areas for the sake of protecting their fellow citizens who live in them. border areas and that as leaders they should also cooperate with the village authorities, in order to bring unity among the residents and to improve especially the society and economic development in the villages. that thaw.
The S.O.(E) issued on 25th November, 2020 provides that the fine for violation of the Motor Vehicles (Driving) Regulations, 2017 shall be in accordance with Section 177A and the fine for this violation shall not be for any other reason than specified under this Act.
The deceased was identified as Rose Lyngdoh, 50, of Laitkseh.
Those who want safe and stable tourist destinations and therefore, the Government of Mizoram intends to present itself as a place that attracts tourists from all over the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Speaking at a public meeting at Polo today, the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is a state where people love to live. Football tournament was played in all the villages of the state.
The JAC demands that the government should hold a Public Hearing if the KHADC cannot decide to issue NOC for the construction of this road. say “many" disagreed.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Shillong, November 08: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniewbhalang Dhar, in charge of industrial affairs, today inaugurated a meeting of Indian companies operating lyer shet and lyer for use in the industry. Shillong, which was held today in Shillong, has decided to take action to avoid accidents.
Nongrum lodged a complaint under Section 13(1) (a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 against government employees in power in
Speaking to media, Bah Synrem said that as the leaders of the party who work for the welfare of the people, they will always be subjected to prosecution but the party will stand firm. to work and serve the people especially in the fight against drugs.
Some of the donations made by the Ktiews Trust to the hospital include the support for the COVID Wards, ARI Clinic, Maternity Room Machines, the construction of a maternity house, Ambulance and other support.
Each medical college also has a 500 bedded hospital which provides training to nurses and OPD/IPD services including emergency care, ICU, OT and diagnostics and other other.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 70 people have tested positive for COVID-1 4, West Khasi Hills 4, South Garo Hills 1, the total number of cases is
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Prisoners inside the Shillong District Jail today shot and beat one of the guards inside the jail after he found them lighting a tube light inside the jail.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Dr Katherina Marbaniang, Senior Medical Specialist Incharge Dialysis at Shillong Civil Hospital today explained that the inability to provide immediate treatment to the patients who need to be treated. Dialysis is due to the deterioration of the RO plan which is a machine to purify the water.
The meeting was led by Tiffani Seaton, Indigenous Engagement Lead, Young Change Agents.
The new 4generation testing has tests that can detect the disease accurately, it is accurate to detect the disease, which is about 5 to 20% of all cases. HIV cases among people who want to be tested, compared to previous tests.
Other BJP office bearers from the state level were also present on the occasion.
Jowai, Naitung 21: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on 19th-07-13 met with the DM&HO of Jaintia Hills District to seek clarification from him on the health of the people of Narpuh and Rymbai District. living in areas where there are no dewbilat factories.
He said that if the railway comes to these areas of East Jaintia, it could affect the owners of trucks as these trains can carry thousands of tonnes.
: Three drug traffickers including two Khasi Ronand Kyndiah from Sngithiang Lower Mawprem, Daniel Syiem from Lower Mawprem and another Manipuri identified as Thokchom Naba Singh from Lower Mawprem Kangmong, Imphal West, Manipur have been arrested by the Ri-Bhoi District Police for involvement in drug trafficking.
The people of Meghalaya will decide tomorrow who will be the Leader of the State in the Lok Sabha.
Donations were also received for the families affected by the natural disasters this year.
The Minister also said that the media will receive news without having to display the logo of Doordarshan.
According to this certificate, your date of birth is 13-4-1
It is on this basis that the KHADC has invited the leaders to send the schemes, which the KHADC has already sent to the government but till now the government has not released the money. of the District Council.
“The purpose of holding a protest by the Meghalaya Linguistic Forum is to stir up trouble not only for the HNYF but for the indigenous people of the State.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom on Tuesday honored S.Blah, the winner of the Gold Medal in the India Open International Karate Championship held in Nongbah. Delhi on 17th and 18th June
Shillong, November 14: The Election Commission of Meghalaya (ECI) today held a public exhibition of court officials at the Polo Tower Shillong. Speaking at the meeting with the Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, said that The meeting was held to explain the working of the EVMs and VVPATs and the court also approved the use of these machines.
During the meeting, the CM promised to pay their salaries by the 10th of December.
The Prime Minister said that the curfew has been a success in which the country has saved thousands of lives in the past 10 and a half months.
The Waheh Shnong, Bah Lasting Pala, immediately informed the relevant authorities, ie, the office of the SDO and Engineer of MeECL at Moowakhu, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. The residents of Dong Pahar Village met.
Speaking at the launch of the website, the Chief Minister said that through this website, people can apply for their jobs and they have to pay a small fee. However, there are still other lat that have to be done to appease the people.
In another incident, rice fields were also affected and the road from Tynnai to Mawbidong collapsed.
The President of the Seng Khasi Kmie gave a prayer and thanksgiving prayer at the Seng Seng Hall in the morning. , Rgh O.Pyngrope.
The CII offers to work with the Meghalaya government for the development of Meghalaya in all aspects, said Jalan Chairman of the CII. The CII hopes that the new government will open up opportunities for them to come to Meghalaya.
At the same time, the union urges the education department to order schools, colleges and universities not to allow students to submit their admission forms online. I went to Shillong.
Those who have new ideas and business proposals are invited to contribute under the scheme.
A day after the teachers expressed their lack of salary in June, the government through the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) on Monday withdrew the salary of the teachers. of this month in East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: As a nation, I congratulate the MLAs for taking the decision to implement the ILP, but their work as MLAs is not over. The decision, take steps to ensure that this decision will work in relation to the ILP and should not be like the decision to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule.
Responding to the protest of these groups, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, 'All days are holy days,' and said that the Government has not forced the people to I don't want to go to this festival.
Yadav conducted trainings at the one-day program on 'Importance of Hindi', 'Challenges and Solutions when working in Hindi' sha in Hindi',.
East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested three persons in connection with the seizure of Ganja and Herion worth T.3.6 crore. .
The Joint Action Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. to request clarification on the amendment of the Regulation Act 2021 (2 Amendment) to the Regulation Act
Shillong, Nailar 28: A total of 257 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 101 from East Khasi Hills, 87 from West Khasi Hills and 87 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases is
The Rs 100 crore is for the development of universities and colleges and will also help the youth to pursue higher education.
Other members who were present included Kyrmen Mawrie Assistant Organizing Secretary and Assistant General Secretary Franklin Kharkongor.
“Ka AJYWO is pleased that the government is aware of the situation in Assam from its NRC, it has told the media that it has convened an emergency meeting and also directed its various departments to take action to look into the situation. “We want the government to do what it has said,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWOSengkmie. he said.
In a statement, the BSF said that these cows were brought from Guwahati to Khanapara and these cows are from all over the North East. the cattle were transported in that way to go from arrest by the police at the border.
NPP State Working President Hamletson Dohling welcomed him in the presence of NPP MP candidate from Shillong Seat Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh and other party leaders.
More than 80% of active cases in these states are being isolated at home.
The SP of South West Khasi Hills, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that the search operation in Nongjri area has intensified and the police have fought as hard as they can to release the suspect. and the young man was delivered out of the hand of the mighty.
Bah Khongsngi said that the search and rescue operation for the missing will continue as long as the weather permits. This morning, MK Sangma, Joint Commandant General of Home Guards and Joint Director of Civil Defence, Meghalaya visited the site.
Shillong, June 20: U Lambor Malngiang MLA Nongkrem today inaugurated a free health service at Pomlakrai village organized by the Mylliem Block office to mark the fourth anniversary of Ayushman Bharat. Health & Wellness Centers” in Meghalaya.
This was followed by a scientific session in which two (2) doctors from the field of Homeopathy gave training.
The HNLC has alleged that the Assam government supports these people. The HNLC has seen many times the insults of the people of this state. to tell the non-Indian Nepalis to leave immediately.
The union has warned the contractors not to bring foreigners to work within the boundary of the village but to hand over to the locals the jobs that can still be done.
We all always decided to earn.
Other sources said that a meeting of GNLA leaders was held recently at an unknown place under the leadership of Sohan D Shira in the presence of Co-Chairman Hohoe Gatamra, General Secretary. Susonge Jakrimra and Pantere Singgasik, spokesman of the rebel group, said at the meeting that they will continue their struggle for Garoland.
While patrolling in Borsora area on the border with Bangladesh, the BSF troops saw a surprise in a stone pit covered with plants.
Ampati, Nailar 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today laid the foundation stone of a school in Damdiloka village, the first lower primary school in Damdiloka village since the independence of Meghalaya. .
The President of the party, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, congratulated and blessed these candidates. He said that the party will now turn to Garo Hills to announce the candidates. The party will contest from several constituencies and the party will contest from 40 constituencies in the state before the MLA election
Police have arrested three persons in the vehicle, Mintu Das, Vijay kr.
The total number of recoveries today is 235, 191 from East Khasi Hills, 23 from West Jaintia Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 5 from East Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries so far is
We are making rapid progress in strengthening patient care infrastructure too.
“As a former leader of the ANVC, I am very pleased that the ANVC's efforts to strengthen the powers of the ADC have been successful.
I came as a citizen to support those who are against CAB. When I saw Agatha K Sangma's speech on TV that she supports CAB, I was surprised and here I saw the hypocrisy of the ethnic parties.
: Two days after the Khasi Students Union (KSU) installed an Inner Line Permit (ILP) gate on the NH-6 at 20 mer village, Pahammawleiñ, Ri-Bhoi District, the gate has been destroyed by the police. Baar morning and the banners were also burnt.
The Women Commission conducts these trainings across the state, not only for mothers but also for school children to educate them on the rules of law so that they can get their education. rights and responsibilities as women and what their duties should be.
He also appealed to the citizens of the state as leaders and people who have nothing to look forward to this beautiful and famous village all over the world. Whistling village, he said, has many needs in this village.
Sd/- Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary,HNLC"
With the establishment of the new police station, there are 35 villages under the jurisdiction of the new police station, said the Commissioner and Secretary, Home Affairs.
They have met with the former Governor JK Paul and the Chief of Police but it is not known what has happened.
On the other hand, Bah Viban VGK Kynta, Syiem Khyrim Smit, Poonam Yadav and Sordar Bah KS Kynjing, KHADC, have won the elections. The victory of the Sordar of Raid Tynring is the victory of the Raid Tynring, the victory of the KHADC and the Pa'iem of the Hima Khyrim. KHADC and also of the Syiem and Tyring, it is here that as the Sordar he dares to say that he has fulfilled his duty properly as assigned.
Two girls from Wahsiej village have drowned in a stream known as Breimeirit, in Wah Rilang, South West Khasi Hills District, about 7 kilometers from Mawkyrwat.
Sunita Rai, Assistant Manager, APEDA, APEDA, said that this is not a one-time meeting but it will lead to a regular meeting between the traders and farmers. The opening speech was delivered by S Nongbet, Director, Soh Agriculture Department and the welcome speech was delivered by L Kharkrang.
On the other hand, the government is struggling to pay the remaining amount from time to time and NEEPCO has seen this action of the present government to pay the light bill.
The construction of the Governor Quest House in Tura has already been completed but it has not yet been completed.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Phiradaker, Publicity Secretary.
The injured were taken to hospital.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM, said that this great man has made a name for himself by his courage to fight and survive the attacks by the British for a while. with the sword and with the spear.
At this meeting, the EC also decided to complete the confirmation of the district office bearers by September
A team of researchers from the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Kolkata, have recently discovered a new species of jumping spider from the tea estate of Meghalaya.
“She expressed her happiness to be elected as a candidate from the NPP in alliance with the BJP-led government in Delhi.
Shillong, June 15 : Meghalaya is ready to welcome the leaders of various countries who will attend the G20 Summit Space Economy Leaders Meet (SELM).
Counting those aged 45 years and those aged 18 years and above, 10,81,198 people have been given the first dose and 5,22,591 have been given the second dose. The total number of deaths has reached 16,03,7
At this meeting, the HYC said that to ensure that there will be no mistakes in the questions, they suggested that any department conducting the DSC or promotion examinations in government departments you must prepare at least 20 sets of questions.
According to the letter, the Assam government has implemented many schemes under the PMGSY on the border of Assam and Meghalaya and the construction of these roads will benefit many villages in the state. Meghalaya is also the same.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting to review the construction of the Legislative Assembly, he said that 50% of the work has been completed so far.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice that Xerox shops, school supplies shops and cyber shops will remain open daily until Thursday due to the release of SSLC and HSLC results. In a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner, it said that Xerox shops and cyber shops have been allowed to open because the students have to fill up the application forms.
He was accompanied by Lieutenant General Abhay Krishna, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief Eastern Command and Lieutenant General Gopal R, General Officer Commanding Spear Corps.
A few days after the bike was seen in Mairang, Mariang Police Station conducted a search operation and seized the bike and arrested two persons. they.
The existence of this sport club is working hard to promote sports in my State and it is a blessing to the country and the nation.
He said that this year is more surprising, now the movement has started as it was in the past and now the state has turned 50 years old. In the UDP, there were leaders but there were still leaders.
He added that the KSU since its inception has been fighting for this issue and on this basis it was established in to look specifically at education in the state and how to improve it in the state, because as we see in this age that it is a sword to cut down the problems in the society.
The Chief Minister said that the implementation of the 100 days bill scheme in the state has been successful and the government is now ready to increase the allocation from 1 per cent to 2 per cent. and shall not exceed T.
The amount released is 12 lakh tyngka.
The lenders are also happy to lend without sending a deposit.
Speaking on the establishment of institutions like IIT and IIM, he said that previously these institutions were opened only in big cities.
S Khardewsaw for Rangthong, Khlur Thyrniang for Keniong, Defender Paliar for Rangthong, Center Kharbani for Nongktieh and Jopphrangsngi Dkhar for Nongktieh. Bah Nongdingroi Shyrman from Kalong and Ranikor villages.
It is to be recalled that Kong Bindas Syiem started her indefinite strike on the 6th of this month in front of the Main Secretariat.
Congress MLA Zenith said that the government should stop this misuse of power and forgive the state. The Congress side did not base itself on knocking on the door of the court.
In East Khasi Hills, 14 cases from BSF, 1 case from BSF, 2 cases from Byrnihat and 5 cases from Ri Bhoi District. and Bardua.
It doesn't matter if they are bombed, tied, set along or even killed, but the members of the party stand firm with courage to defend their Jaidbynriew.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that two BSF personnel have recovered from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to
Mawthadraishan Hill State People’s Democratic Party SHAKLIAR WARJRI (WINNER), 32.
The flooding on the Shillong-Guwahati highway is not new but it has happened in many parts of the highway. the issue to be discussed in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
WM Dkhar also encouraged Irene Dkhar to continue without hesitation to compete in other competitions for such a name and honour.
The union also informed the Minister of the many benefits if the government can connect these two areas.
Shillong, November 22: U Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) in his speech as the chief guest, said Dr Lyngdoh, President of the MPCC. at Madan Malki to convey to India the demand of the Khasi people that the Khasi language should be included in the Constitution of India where more than tens of thousands of Khasi people gathered. He came from all over the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, March 20: The Meghalaya States Olympic Association (MAA) today congratulated the children who will take part in the National Games to be held in Goa. from 25th April and will end on 9th November 2023.
We can no longer allow our fellow countrymen to change like this from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 07: U MLA of 19 Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on behalf of the poor households who should benefit from the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Program ( CMSAP) for women who are poor and needy.
According to the report, there are 36 villages in these six areas and the total area of ​​the area will be 36.79 acres. which they shall submit to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
In this regard, the army and government officials on duty have been released.
He urged the people that if they want to get the ILP and other laws to protect the jaidbynriew we should be ready to come forward to express it.
“If you don't have the right to develop in Garo Hills, you don't have to spend money on the Central Government to give it to a company that doesn't have a bad reputation.
It promoted the inheritance of power and strengthened corruption.
The bodies were buried in a cemetery in Rongmil.
The committee was headed by Dr S Kharsyiemlieh as Chairman, M Kharkrang as Secretary and members included Dr SL Marbaniang, Dr DRL Nonglait and R Myrboh.
Shillong, June 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced on Twitter that one new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed.
The fire was extinguished after 40 hours of fighting between the Fire Brigade and the Army.
Mairang, Naiwieng 23: The Congress candidates for the mid-term MDC election to be held on November 13 have filed their nomination papers at the office of the SDO civil. in Mairang.
The meeting was attended by UDP leaders from all over the country.
The Dorbar urges the State Government to take action to expedite the approval of the Governor.
The KHADC has appointed four persons as day laborers to look after the area but the KHADC has not taken care of these households. the houses of the kingdoms that were there were destroyed.
The consultation was convened by the Indian Himalayas Climate Adaptation Program (IHCAP), a team from the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, in collaboration with the Department of Science. and Technology (DST), the Central Government and the State of Meghalaya.
It is alleged that this is an authoritarian government.
This is because these factories do not have enough equipment to import from outside the state.
Mawshad, Marwa, Pungphreit, Mainop, East Mawkhiat, Rynniaw, West Mawkhiat, Um-A, Shilliangktieh, Mawlangbah, Mawkhiat Nongnah, Mawlangsu, Domkophlangmen, Mawkhiat West .
At present, the government is doing many things for the people in the area and all this is to help the people to get health services.
In her speech, Rona Khyndeit MDC Nongpoh said that the peace and order and happiness of the people is at the forefront and it is necessary for all to work together for the sake of peace and stability. Many of those who attended the meeting expressed the same feelings as the MDC. In his speech, Bah CB Syiem Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh, said that On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the incident in Ronghana and at the same time expressed its dissatisfaction with the action of the District Administration to use force.
Recently, groups under the umbrella of NESO have burnt the Citizen (Amendment) Rules, 2024 across the North East after the Government of India made it public on the 11th of this month.
The Seng also warns the vendors who sell such beverages to the students.
The injured man was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital on Tuesday night after being shot dead at about 10:00 pm.
The Chief Minister has taken steps to reach Rs 10 billion in income by 2028, introduced new schemes on 10 issues on which the government will implement these schemes. new.
Of course, there are some parts or some places, the power outage may exceed the scheduled time but the power outage is due to maintenance but the power outage will be 2 hours in some places city ​​and 3 hours in other parts of the state," he said.
South West Khasi Hills District came second with two gold, silver and three bronze medals.
On the other hand, Samla Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH, expressed his gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Jaintia Hills, who has given hope to the JYF-EJH by promising to take action on the demand of JYF-EJH. “To fight hard to meet the urgent demands in the District,” said the President.
This issue has also been discussed with the Minister of Education, Deborah C. Marak along with a letter of reminder on October 4,
During the meeting, they requested the Union Minister to consider the allocation of funds to the ADCs under the Sixth Schedule for the fiscal year 2016-2
Shillong, March 15: One of the leaders of the state, Bah DINO DGDympep, who is also the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, today expressed his feelings towards the United Nations. you shimet by what you said.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 78 including 8 recoveries today , 4 from BSF , 2 from Air Force and 1 from He was completely cured and who came to take part in the wedding ceremony in Khanapara.
Shillong, July 24: The Islamic Cabinet meeting of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today decided that the Chief Minister and the Speaker of the House will send the letter to all MLAs to encourage the people in their respective constituencies to vote for Tika.
This app is one of the many apps developed by the Commission to use technology to open up opportunities for electors and political parties.
In his speech, KN Kumar, Principal Secretary, Meghalaya, who is also the Governor, congratulated the parents who have supported their children to reach this goal.
Speaking on the occasion, Rev. PBM Basawiamoit and Rev. K Nongpluh.
The university wants to bring about a change in the mindset of the people in this regard by holding this street game.
The Sub Committee shall also maintain a register, monitor the shopkeepers and send records to the Executive Committee every year.
The arrested persons are now in the custody of the police.
The meeting was attended by many officers of BSNL. This meeting was a follow-up to the letter from the Co-Chairman, MSPB, since March 2014, regarding the inspection by the BSNL. The State Planning Board has appointed many C&RD Block like Mawshynrut Block, Nongstoin Block, Mawthadraishan Block, Mairang Block, Laskien Block, Mawryngkneng Block (East Khasi Hills) and others. The Development Officer (BDO), expressed to the Co-Chairman, MSPB, the problems they face due to the lack of internet and the lack of cell phone lines in many rural areas.
At this meeting, there were many suggestions regarding the entry and exit points in the state. The government has clarified that those who enter the state should undergo RTPCR Test. and the entrances and exits shall be strengthened.
The 125th Anniversary of the school was celebrated by the students of the school.
These identified roads will provide access to Agartala and Srimantpur in Tripura, Dawki in Meghalaya and Sutarkandi in Assam, and thus will be of great benefit to the economy of the North East. concluded the minister.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while inaugurating the three-day recruitment program organized by the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), said that language skills are the key to success. get you get jam.
The availability of street lights is essential in the villages.
The Prime Minister said that there are groups who say that only the ILP can prevent the influx of foreigners but the government says that it is not so. If it is the best way to prevent the influx of foreigners.
The failure to arrest the policeman who committed the crime has raised strong suspicions that the recent investigation against policeman Nurul Islam has raised the possibility that he may have been involved in the crime. James K Sangma MLA, who is also the spokesperson of the National People's Party (NPP), has alleged that he has a family relationship with the mother of the Chief Minister Roshanara Begum.
Along with these flights, flights from Dibrugarh (Assam) to Dimapur (Nagaland) have also been launched.
On the other hand, the KSU Shillong urges all the people to give jobs to their own people first, this is the request of the KSU Shillong. , Jymmang 26: Unidentified robbers have stolen a Maruti 800 car (WB 24 C 5699) from the balcony of a house along with a sum of 25,000/- tyngka from the house of a woman. Bilincy Jana is from Umling village in Ri Bhoi District.
Conrad said that now we have to look at the situation and lifestyle on the border, and the feelings of the people and the authorities. However, it will struggle to resolve because the people living on the border have been living in fear and do not know what will happen the next day and now ways must be found.
He said that the title of the best girl in Meghalaya and Northeast India which Irene Dkhar has won and is wearing now, is also the title of honor, fame, pride and great joy of the Dkhar Kur-EJHD and the nation as a whole.
After the Central Government has released the sugarcane for sale in the market, the Central Government has been asked to purchase the sugarcane from the sugarcane mills and distribute it at the government price. not by the Central Government according to the price.
He said that if the UDP Nongkrem Circle does not have any clarification, it should meet the CEM to talk and get clarification.
Superintendent of Post Offices, Meghalaya Division today at its office at GPO, Shillong to inform the Superintendent of Post Offices, Shillong regarding the delay in the working of the Sub Post Office at Mawsynram and the Branch Post Offices. There is no Mawsynram Block.
: the meaning is that it is far away, far away and far away, so that the power of sight cannot be reached.
The EC has allocated funds to pay their food fees in November 2017 and some of the arrears that the council expects will come from the land revenue.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister also mentioned many of the works that the government has done to improve the income of the people in all aspects by implementing various government schemes across the country. the state.
Therefore, the returnees have been allowed to enter the State and to go to their villages and homes with the order to quarantine themselves for about nine days.
Speaking to reporters, Charles Marngar said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the PWD (Roads) department, has himself spoken to improve the Nongpoh road. Umden-Sonapur but until now this promise has not been fulfilled.
He called upon all to work together in this regard to achieve a healthy heritage.
The Seng also found that the Minister of Education has promised that the building will be demolished soon. The school building can be destroyed at any time especially by the people who live near the school building.
Referring to the actions of the three NPP MDCs, PN Syiem, Mitchel Wankhar and Alvin K Sawkmie, Prestone said: He said that the party will act according to the party's constitution.
The army used helicopters to evacuate the people from the camp to the eastern parts of Gantok.
On receiving information about the incident, members of the KSU under the leadership of President Streamly SS Suchen and Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem SDkhar immediately rushed to the scene. Assistance to the family of Kong Ribiang Phawa.
He said that if the opposition parties had focused on service delivery instead of political gain, many people in the country would not have remained in poverty. now they should have happened 50 years ago.
The KSU believes that these children who receive these assistance will not drop out of school but hopes that they will succeed so that tomorrow they will become the bright stars of the nation.
As part of encouraging the Khasi youth in sports, the KSU has announced that it is ready to take strong action if there is a reluctance among the Khasi youth to lead the state.
UK Nayal DIG of BSF said that this meeting is very important because it brings closer the relationship between the villagers and the BSF and the BSF is doing its best. to work for the development of the community and the region not only to guard the border.
The Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2005 was declared unfounded and repealed.
Other laws may be enacted to accommodate and assist refugees, without regard to their religion or ethnicity or the country of origin.
The purpose of the meeting was to understand that Assam is one of the states which has to be like a big brother. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issues faced by the region such as the village and the region.
These YouTube channels have over 260 crore views and are used to spread fake news, and the spread of fake news through social media about activities that affect national security, relationships and India and other countries and peace and stability in the country.
It is reported that this process of recruiting students to teach English has been done in 85 countries of the world and this process started in the year 2000 and worldwide those who have received teachers are a thousand.
After this, programs will be held monthly in 75 districts and in 75 villages in each district until 2nd March
He said that in the coming months, the Patient Management System will be launched in the state to monitor the condition of patients treated in various hospitals in the state.
The 30 cases are from East Garo Hills, 3, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 7, Ri Bhoi, 5, South West Garo Hills, 1, West Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills 3 mgut.
The region has many attractions for tourists.
KJNU wishes you all a happy Christmas and New Year to receive the blessings and blessings of our Savior Jesus Christ in all aspects from health, peace and happiness. .
Other participants who were considered to be the youngest and oldest among the participants were Banteithymmai Kharjahrin, the youngest among the men, Baaijingshai Kharjahrin among the women. The oldest is Bah Diesel Nongrum.
He said that the machine will not know whether he is a riewlum or a non-triewlum. public in great distress.
You say that the law is not just to prevent the illegal entry of mynder.
He urged the people to go to the health centers for treatment if they have any visual problems.
“The residents of Laskieñ Block need this hospital and it has helped and served them a lot, especially the patients who don't need to go to the hospital. It has been very convenient even for the residents of Block 1 because it is close to them to come for treatment here.
If any candidate is willing to swear by these rules, the CSWO urges the people to vote for these candidates without hesitation, as the election of leaders is not a game.
Roshan Warjri18           West Sillong      Mohendro Rapsang19         South Shillong Manas Chaudhuri20          Mylliem – ST        Ronnie V.Lyngdoh21 mma               Ronnie V.Lyngdoh21 mma                                               Ronnie V.Lyngdoh21 mma                                22          Nongkrem – ST   Lambor Malngiang23            Sohing – ST           H.Donkupar R.Lyngdoh24             Mawphlang – ST                       Mawphlang – ST                              Mawphlang – ST                           Mawphlang – ST                             ST N.Syiem26 Shella – ST         Jropsingh Nongkhlaw27          Pynursla – ST     Prestone Tynsong28         Sohra – ST          Dr.Phlour W.Kongjee29                         sing Khongjoh30 Mairang – ST Smt.
He said that if they buy coal for T.5000/-, it is not good and if they buy 30 to 35 tonnes of coal, the price of coal will reach T.1,50,000/- per vehicle. you can't shallan you can't.
There are 1527 recoveries so far, 59 recoveries today, 48 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi and 8 cases in West Garo Hills.
New Delhi, June 25: The Ministry of Home Affairs on Tuesday issued an order after amending the rules sent earlier regarding the ban on the opening of schools. store.
Hek also appealed to the people to be patient during the construction and improvement of roads and paths in the village as there will be obstacles in the movement of the people. bad to the cars.
The Jute-ICARE scheme has been implemented to improve the quality and production of jute.
In India, the platform of services to meet these needs is multi-sectoral and there are various platforms for seeds, fertilizers, pesticides and agricultural implements promoting their needs.
Prestone said the government has taken this decision because the employees at the entry points are too tired because they have been working for four months and they have to rest. They have to travel to take part in the training that will be held at their place of residence.
The CEM has already decided to accept the resignation letters of the three EMs. When he arrives in Shillong, the CEM will decide. send the letters of appointment of these lines of EMs to the Governor of the State.
Himalaya Shangpliang MLA from the Congress party said that from the meeting held today it was understood that the government has taken all the necessary measures to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Therefore, as an organization that has a responsibility for the community in all aspects and to ensure that the community and the region will grow and develop in that path as established by our ancestors.
At present, the Congress has 24 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly. The GNLA will not accept any attempt to change the customs and traditions of the Garo people.
There are 24 health criteria in the report and these criteria are the same between the large states and the lower states. small spirit.
The Minister said that language is the source of connection between people from all over the world and that the availability of apps on the internet to learn the languages ​​of this region will open the door for foreigners to learn the languages ​​of this region. understand the local culture and traditions.
After reaching the second half, Lajong continued to take advantage of the lack of players of TRAU, and scored without stopping.
The Executive Committee was appointed by the Prime Minister, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
In the second half, Mylliem SC tried hard to turn the tide and in the 82nd minute they managed to score through Janhameshwa Marngar in the 82nd minute.
At the same time, he said that they will give the government 10 days to release the money and if after that the government continues to do so, NEHUSU and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (NEHU Unit) will take other measures. .
The number of Khar Bangladeshis visiting the place known as Jaflong and in India the Dawki River has increased due to the holidays and the ID ceremony in Bangladesh.
Speaking on the features of the eSHRAM portal, which is part of the National Database for all non-government employees, Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Petroleum and Natural Gas.
They were arrested from Angarua village in Sunamganj district.
On the other hand, Karuna said that if the HYC does not come urgently, the HYC is ready to talk and resolve the issue. The government has paid crores of rupees to them but if it does so, the union will continue to monitor their work.
Police have arrested four persons for questioning. They are Klemenroy Nongtri of Mawlai Nongkwar, John Fishal Lyngkhoi of Mawlai Mawtawar and Richard Wahlang of Mawlai. Shanborlang Rani of Mawlai and Kitboklang Kharsyntiew of Mawiong have cooperated with the police in the investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The KSU Malki Circle in collaboration with the Malki Beat Office, today informed the public that the entry and exit of people to the Malki Beat Office has been completely closed. Malki Forest which falls under the Laitkor Protected Forest Area according to the rules and regulations of the Department.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The BSF troops at Umkiang on receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying horses to smuggle to Bangladesh, on receiving this information, they conducted a search on the vehicles and in this search they found to hold one truck of 9 horses.
In this regard, there has been a collaboration from the Government, District Councils, Hima and Village Authorities and the arrangement to set up Community Quarantine Centers depends on the arrangement of the Village Authorities.
On the other hand, the police have stepped up their efforts to fight against this illegal sale which has affected the community and decided to remove and eliminate these illegal beverages from the country. this state.
Shillong, June 29: Eleven MDCs of the National People's Party (NPP) today wrote to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne. Governments of Meghalaya and Assam in relation to the border issue.
He took the example of the cultivation of soh niamtra in the state and asked why the government does not encourage the cultivation of soh niamtra so that the farmers can survive.
Shillong, July 28: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Lambokstarwell Mangar today met with Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC to remind him on three issues related to Uranium, Inner Line Permit and Railway.
Now again, this CAA 2019 has divided us more and more and has become more biased.
The president of USIBC, Dr. Mukesh Agh said that the rapid growth in the cities of India has led to the need for adequate roads such as roads, railways, airports and as India now needs about $1 trillion in US dollars to do these projects, he said and this is an opportunity between the USA and India.
In the prayer, the phirat, the kñia, the khriam, the shun suda or hateng hateng together with the tympew and the kwai are used as required, such as the offering of kwai to the graves of the dead, the offering of tombstones. mawshyieng, which is written shun on the seeds of rnai, plants jyntep to escape from the storm or the tram and the like.
In his speech, the Chief Guest Ma Stephanson Mukhim congratulated the students who have received the awards for their hard work in organizing this program and urged them not to They should think that this award alone is enough for them but they should work hard from time to time so that they can bring honor not only to their family but to the country. He said that this is a difficult era especially when they reach the city and you should not forget your own culture.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: On the 25th of this month, BSF troops while patrolling the India-Bangladesh border have arrested suspected persons. .
At present, it has a budget of T.105 crore but this will not be enough.
This is after independence through high-speed 4G mobile broadband services for access to various e-Governance initiatives of the Central and State Governments.
Wansuk has filed her nomination for the post of MP Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya today at the Assembly Secretariat. do not fight against it.
The Chief Minister has congratulated the Union Minister of State for IT, Ravi Shankar Prasad for awarding the Enterprise Architecture to Meghalaya after Andhra Pradesh. first in the North East and this will improve the state in the implementation of development projects by bringing together projects.
There have been 323 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 136 from Ri Bhoi, 94 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to .
The smugglers left Moreh, Manipur with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh but were arrested at Ri Bhoi District Killing. in the car tire and on the doors of the car.
However, in the past few days, the HNLC has announced through the media that it wants to talk peace without setting any conditions and the government has accepted the proposal on the conditions that the HNLC will send. You have written a letter to the Government regarding your request for peace.
East Garo Hills Police have seized T.35 lakh from the GNLA on 17th November.
There is no law to arrest people at night.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, M War Nongbri today announced that the night curfew has been resumed in the district from 18th to 25th June from 7.00 pm to 6.00 pm.
The main achievements of the Ministry of Women & Child Development in 2021 are as follows:The Prohibition of Child Marriage (Amendment) Bill, 2021 was introduced in the Lok Sabha on the age of marriage for young women from 18 years to 21 years.
The Department of Biotechnology (DBT) of the Ministry of Science and Technology is the government department responsible for the development of biotechnology in the country. give consent.
Speaking at the distribution ceremony, u Bah Adelbert said that the most important thing to fight against COVID-19 is that each and every one of us has to take responsibility to be thoughtful.
When asked, she said that the family does not want to send for a post mortem because Bah Marshall lost his life from the collapse of the garbage dump and not from any other reason. .
COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin told SP News Agency that they have received permission to meet with Union Home Minister Amit Shah, but only three people have been allowed.
The drugs were packed in three soap boxes, seven mobile phones, T.1,29,000/-, a Maruti 800 (ML 05 E 8363) and a The bike has the number ML 05 AC
With the presence of this special military training centre, it will make the whole world aware of Meghalaya and Assam as Guwahati to Umroi is not far away and this training center will have in this part of the North East of India is another honor for the Indian Army.
Before the distribution of these aid items, a short meeting was held by Samla Antonio Warjri, General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung Unit.
In her speech, Ms A Swer said that all those who came to take part in this meeting should be the messengers of peace, this meeting is also part of how to bring peace. in the world.
He said that the policy has included wells, streams and groundwater. These are only a few of the areas that can be mentioned but many of them are written in the policy.
Shillong, November 26: The 51st meeting between the Director Generals of BSF and Bangladesh Border Guard held in Guwahati from 22nd today ended today. these two countries.
According to information received from the NHA, more than 1,44,80,498 cards have been issued so far in the districts where the programmes have been conducted.
Shillong, Lber 28: Ka Seng has held a meeting with the management of God's Dream Children's Home, a place to raise and care for orphans at Langkerding, Shyiap. They said that they have struggled to provide food and drink for the 65 children who live there.
Tissau received awards and recognition for his work, and the Prime Minister congratulated him for his efforts.
As of June 20, 2023, ₹ 68,228 crore has been disbursed through 9.8 lakh payments.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: BSF troops have recovered a pla from the side of the road at Sonapur in East Jaintia Hills District. When the BSF received this information, they went to take the pla and when they opened it, they found a road and three military uniforms.
The event was organized by the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI), Meghalaya Branch.
According to the investigation of the police, it was found that the burnt trep was used for the rituals of the Sengbah Nongshat Nongkhien, while other farm equipment in the same area was used by the perpetrators. Police are investigating the incident to track down the perpetrators.
When all the measures have been exhausted, the PDAM has no choice but to hold a strike on the sale of petrol on the 25th of this month to express its opposition to this. The power of the party has nothing to do with the sale of oil.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Police in South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night arrested four persons suspected to be members of the HNLC. Four of the arrested persons are now in the custody of the police for further investigation.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the life of a person is often judged not by the age and how many years he has lived on this earth but by the contribution of mankind and the things that have happened. it was an example to be remembered from generation to generation.
Bindas Syiem, a mother of three children from Mawlong Nongtluh, Ribhoi district, has urged the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Nongpoh to end the indefinite strike. Division explained regarding the promise of the State Government to build the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has sent a petition to the President of India Droupadi Murmu to address the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati and also the demand of the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) Shella. Bholaganj Block to the Government to immediately arrest those involved in the announcement of the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) to hold a protest at Khyndai Lad. The KSU will not stand idly by because if they protest against the insult of their fellow citizens, the KSU will also have to come out to protect the insult of their fellow citizens.
The cancellation was based on how two companies bid more than the stipulated price and one bid less than the stipulated price.
KSU Mawlai Circle as part of the celebration of Environment Day has held a tree planting ceremony at Mawlai Kyntonmassar (Block C) and Umshing Mawkynroh (Umshingiar).
Kastar, on the other hand, is strong and strong enough to carry khoh.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination, Bah Hashah said that the task ahead of him is if he is elected as MP to the Lok Sabha this time. He said he would now discuss the border issue with Assam.
The meeting today was to remind the Chief Minister of his promise and on his part he has made it clear that the work has gone well and in the coming days the Government will sit down. The Cabinet Meeting will be held and the Amendment Act of the MRSSA will be introduced in which the provisions of the ILP will be incorporated into it.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the party said that during the meeting, the party has made it clear that I want a university or a college.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister of Manipur discussed how to promote economic development in the North East.
The GNLA cannot accept the report of Dr BC Paul.
She has been released as Director of Sports and Youth Affairs.
New employees also have the opportunity to train themselves through KarmayogiPrarambh, an online module on the GOTKarmayogi platform, which provides more than 750 e-learning opportunities on “any electrical device.
Therefore, with a broken heart when the leaders of the village came to ask for help.
These robbers, after committing this crime, fled.
He said that now, when people want to listen to unbiased news, they do so by listening to All India Radio and Doordarshan news.
Prestone said that the tax has been increased to T.2/- Tyngka and T.50/- to the people who have suffered. This has affected everyone from the employee to the government employees.
The letter was sent by the union to demand the dismissal of the Block Development Officer of Umsning Block as he has been working for less than three years in the same area.
On the same day, KSU Mawryngkneng Circle lodged a complaint at Mawdiang Police Out Post against the company and demanded punishment according to the law. sent today.
Annie Kharbani, sister of Daphisha Kharbani, also appealed to the public to support these two youngsters who are currently in the middle of the competition in Bah Mumbai. it is the victory of the nation she said.
Officials of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRFP) personnel in charge of the search for the victims have explained to the Navy what happened. area.
Bah Nongtraw said that the rebel groups in the North East of India have a feeling that if they continue to unite with India, this insult will continue and get worse. .
“Therefore, it is not appropriate to implement the Uniform Civil Code across the country,” said Rev. Kharkongor.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today elected Bah Kyrmen Shylla MLA and Minister in the MDA government as the new president of the United Democratic Party (UDP) at its meeting. today in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Raju Tayeng, Principal Chief Commissioner, Income Tax Department, North East Region, Shillong today met with G. Gaichanglungliu Kamei, Commissioner of Income Tax, IRS. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma at his office.
Damewanhi Rymbai, Secretary of the Dong, Samly Ryngkhlem, Chairperson of the Seiñ Manbei of the Dong, presented a Rydia Tlem jain to the MDC. moments by NJ Ryngkhlem, Elder and Ex-Chairman of Wapung Church.
On the other hand, the Minister said that in this fiscal year, the payment of salary alone has reached T.653 crore and the payment of food allowance to government employees who have retired has reached T.653 crore. Rs.784 crore.
The arrested persons also said that these gold biscuits had to be brought to Shillong.
“Yes, we have a Government College in Jaintia Hills which we know as Kiang Nyngbah Govt.
All government authorities in different districts have been directed to prepare security measures in the field of food items, clothes and other items according to the information from the North Eastern Space Application Center Umiam, Meghalaya. you can't be affected too much.
Pohshna urged the residents of Amlarem Constituency not to be stingy against this disease but to take action to get injected at the PHCs in Amlarem Sub-Division. close to protection.
The roads were cut off due to heavy rains in the past few months and this heavy rainfall has caused damage to the roads.
The government has now sent an inspection team to send relief to the victims and the government wants to provide adequate relief.
Tennydard M.Marak, a volunteer, demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish the officers of the DMR and the Transport Department for allegedly allowing the illegal smuggling of coal from Garo Hills.
Noting that the NEP focuses on equality and inclusion, he said such differences between women and men in higher education should be resolved.
Shillong, July 26: There have been 392 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 10 in East Jaintia Hills, 5 in East Jaintia Hills and 176 in East Khasi Hills. Hills, North Garo Hills 17, Ri Bhoi 22, South Garo Hills 8, South West Garo Hills 7, South West Khasi Hills 12, West Garo Hills 111, West Jaintia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 2494 people.
“This ambulance has been purchased through the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) and will be of great benefit to the residents of the area in times of emergency,” he said. Speaking at the launch of the ambulance, Bah Banteidor said.
The remaining 830 projects worth T 19,926 crore are nearing completion.
Charles strongly criticized the District Council for erecting gates along the Shillong Bye Pass. He said that this is an illegal act of the KHADC. You have written to the KHADC regarding the lack of gates on the highway.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, informed the TISS, that the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 Aug 1948, which was approved by the Government of the Dominion of India, has not been completed to this day.
A total of 240 participants took part in the competition.
On this day there was also a prayer and singing together to prepare for the coming of the Lord Jesus on Christmas Day.
The oxygen system at Ganesh Das Hospital is 400 LPM and can support up to 40 beds and the oxygen system installed at RP Chest Hospital is 300 LPM. for 30 beds.
This year's MBOSE examination.
Before any tragic incident, the union demands that the government should inspect all the water tanks and ensure that they are free from exploiters who can harm the people.
This raises many questions why such an incident happened in DSC West Jaintia Hills.
The Union leaders were accompanied by Delina Khongdup, Member of the National Commission for Women.
The Cabinet also decided to extend the contract of Secretary HN Areng for another one year.
The Chief Minister said that the government has provided this assistance to develop the farmers in the state. farmers.
The Seng also demands that the Ministers and MLAs whose names have been named in the CBI Inquiry should resign immediately as a sign of regret over their actions.
They hope that the Supreme Court will overturn the bill which has been passed by the Houses of Parliament and which has received the approval of the President of India.
The MLA scheme was launched for the distribution of household items in Lawbah area in the presence of the leaders of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC).
Nongpoh, July 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri Bhoi District today introduced Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh as a full member of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who joined the party on 7th July
The number of employees by district is 765 in East Khasi Hills, 13 in West Khasi Hills, 16 in South West Khasi Hills and 16 in Ri Bhoi District.
Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang has sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to express his opposition to the proposal to take away the equipment from the Maternity and Hospital. Child Health (M&CH) Hospital Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills District sha Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh , MLA , Congress , has spoken first in the House in Khasi after giving the Speaker of the House what she means in English Dr Ampareen's speech was delivered by Bah Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM.
Marak State Project Director (SPD) SSA, SEMAM: On the other hand, the teachers will blame not only the state government but also the central government in this regard.
On the other hand, the government will direct those foreigners to do whatever is necessary to build the gates.
HANM calls upon all the political parties in Hynniewtrep to discuss the government's intention to set up a camp of ANVC-B within the border of Hynniewtrep in West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
The KSU recalls that Mukul Sangma in his meetings with the KSU from time to time has expressed his sympathy for the backwardness of Wahkaji and Umdohlun but has forgotten to give the C&RD Block in this area. This is the most important development for the people of this area who have to walk for many hours to reach Mawkyrwat or Ranikor.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said the party will work hard to get the majority to rule the state without excluding the parties in the MDA government. party.
The union urges the KHADC to issue the NOC as soon as possible so that we the residents of Warsan Lyngdoh area can enjoy the peace of travel and income like others. We strongly request the CEM not to delay and should issue it within these days, because it is clear that if the NOC is delayed, for all the 2-Lanes Projects. from Meghalaya will be exported to other states in the North East of India.
The DC of South West Khasi Hills has announced that the Dorbar Shnong has taken this decision to prevent the spread of COVID-1 as a containment area.
In Meghalaya, the House of Representatives has paid tribute to three members who have served the state during their tenure as leaders and they are Bah OL Nongtdu 78 years old, who passed away on the 7th of this month. NM Simchang, 56, and Bah Medras Umlong, 78 years old.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The winners of the Hiphop dance competition held in Shillong today were Anil Chetri from Meghalaya and Techi Gromb from Arunachal Pradesh.
On this occasion, all the leaders of the party urged the members of the party to work hard to bring victory in the election to be held in 2018 which is only a few months away.
The Yatra was organized by the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) and aims to empower the people of the country by informing them about the major schemes of the Government of India.
He said that there has been an incident in which two foreigners were arrested from Nongmensong and after the arrest of these foreigners it has stopped and there has been no further incident and this shows that they have been arrested. There are many who take advantage only to defame the Sengbhalang and to blame the members of the Sengbhalang.
The child has been placed under the care of Lawei Baphyrnai Specialized Adoption Agency Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The KSU Larnai Unit has awarded the first Maitshaphrang Excellence Award 2022 to the students who have passed well in the SSLC examination
Answering questions, he said that after the party has appealed to the Speaker of the House, they will wait for the decision and after getting the decision, they will see whether they will appeal to the High Court. , upon receipt of the decision of the Lamphang, the House shall take a decision.
“When we elect our leaders, we want them to represent us the people and to take our problems to the Government but we feel that it is useless,” said Bah Shullai.
“This decision came in the first session of the new Parliament and in a sense, it is a new beginning for the country in this new Parliament,” said Prime Minister Duh.
Shillong, Naitung 03: An elderly man in Malangkona village near Hahim on the border with Assam has lost his life after being chased by a wild elephant. while he was walking along.
We express our strong opposition to such actions of the Assam government which has also collaborated with the Karbi forests to destroy the Khasi Pnar people in Block
During the three-hour discussion, it was said that the tasks ahead are how to rethink the placement of officers in the blocks which have been taken over from other departments.
In his speech to the faithful, Rev Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar urged the parents that if Catholic Christian families want to produce more believers in the Church, they should start from home. to live life as good Christians and to guide their children especially by prayer.
If the 60 MLAs do not discuss the border issue in the Legislative Assembly, it will show that they take this issue stingy and also that they do not care about the people living on the border.
Shillong, March 30: The Border Security Force (BSF) today conducted a march with 80 bikes to mark the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Jhaverbhai Patel. His hard work has brought about the unity of the country.
The death toll has risen to 2 today, both of whom have not been vaccinated, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi, bringing the death toll to
The curfew will not apply to ration shops and government-recognized shops on the scheduled day.
Independence Day is special, but this year it has a different meaning.
Of the 17 deaths, 9 were women and 8 were men.
Those who have passed matriculation or class x(ten) and who have been employed by the government will not be discussed.
Shillong, Lber 14: Davis NR Marak today took over as SP of East Khasi Hills District from Bah M Kharkrang.
The Raj Bahvan in Tura has been completed at a cost of T.24.1 crore and the land area of ​​the Raj Bahvan covers an area of ​​28.45 acres. T.5.48 crore, but inevitable problems arose in 2016 and this has led to the delay in the construction of the house.
From time to time, the members of the party and the Khasi community as a whole have been the victims of such injustices, discrimination by the Police and others.
Police also seized T.2,200 in cash and two mobile phones.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Banteidor said, “The development of development projects is one of the priority goals that I have set since you entrusted me with the responsibility of developing. face".
Speaking on the great achievements of many, the recent achievements show that it has improved under the leadership of the Managing Director, Dr.RS Thangkhiew, who expressed his pride in these achievements by saying , “This achievement is a challenge to the nurses to work harder, the skills they have lead to the betterment of the patients.
The establishment of these medical colleges will benefit the youth of the state and they will no longer have to go abroad to study medicine.
As tourism is an important sector as it boosts the income of the people.
At the venue, the party will hold a meeting where speeches will be heard from current and former party leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Two persons, Pynshailang Warjri, 32, and Banshngai Tyngsong, 28, have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi District Police on suspicion of involvement in The murder of a 10-year-old child in Umtyngar village, they confessed that they covered the face of the child with a blanket until he died.
To provide information on the sustainability and sustainability of resource use in the North East.
Regarding this scheme, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit will discuss with the BJP leaders in Delhi to ensure that the rules should be in accordance with the conditions of the state. They shall not exceed T.50000/- per month.
New Delhi, June 11: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has urged everyone, especially the youth, to visit the villages on the border with India. understand the customs and way of life of the people in the villages.
Regarding the allocation of funds from the water supply scheme, India has allocated special funds mostly to the low paid states.
“How can this be when, if you look at the non-Tribal shops and entrepreneurs in Jaintia Hills, there are tens of thousands of them and as the days go by, such shops and entrepreneurs have increased. The number of Trading Licenses has decreased according to the information of the JHADC,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body.
Manish K Sah, Area Manager of Indian Shillong, told SP News Agency that it is true that the price of gas varies from month to month. and this is in accordance with the directives of the Central Government.
Zrnit congratulated all the students who came to take part from different districts to continue their progress in the games.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The JSU Shillong Circle will renew its office bearers for the term 2021-2024, after the expiry of the three-year term according to the constitution of the party.
Jowai, Nailar 18: The Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Bha M Rymbai has acknowledged that the construction of the Mawsiang Market has been smooth and the district council has struggled as much as possible. talk to the contractor to expedite the work.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: The one-day session of the JHADC will be held on the 16th of this month.
The statement said that in the attack, the child sustained injuries to her right face, neck and abdomen.
In handing over the Sanad, the CEM congratulated the full Sirdar of the Elaka after winning the election as arranged by the KHADC. The CEM urged the Sirdar to look after the hima according to the customs and traditions.
Shillong, July 23: The Raj Bhavan will be open to the public on the 25th and 26th of this month on Republic Day.
According to information received from Tura, the perpetrators of the attack had planned to explode the bomb at the time the market started. not many people because it is near the market.
The program was inaugurated by Kodero Jiro, Counselor, Economic Section, Japanese Embassy in India as the chief guest. Project Coordinator of Grant Grassroot at the Japanese Embassy in India, by Sr.
At present, the situation in Ichamati has upset the residents especially the foreigners.
Police have seized a knife and a shotgun and arrested the killer.
We want to develop it in that way and we want the Government to develop it without any discrimination and it will be acceptable to all the ethnic groups living in this state,” said Dr. Jemino.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also looked at the reports that there are ventilators in some states and said that the ventilators should be replaced immediately after being provided by the Central Government. state government.
On the other hand, the JYF EJH has thought carefully for the sake of the life and death of our people and we ask the ADSU and DHDC whether the coal mining areas near the Kupli River fall within the boundary of the Is Assam a court? such as the Assam Quarry Diphu and others.
The KSU urges all the members and the people of the District to be ready to stand up because the KSU is ready to fight by any means to ensure that this Battalion Headquarters will not succeed within it. South West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said the government's goal is to hold the National Games as a platform for Meghalaya to become a strong state in sports and the National Games in the state shall be a city of peace.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Excise Department has set a target of collecting revenue from the sale of liquor at T.161.69 crore this year.
Therefore, the JSU strongly demands that the MCH in Jowai should be resumed to provide adequate services to the residents of Jaintia Hills especially to the sick and pregnant women and children. This is according to a statement sent by Aplang Lamare, President JSU Jowai Circle and Wansalan Dame Patwet, General Secretary, JSU Jowai Circle. Wanki Syrpuh Vice President, JSU Jowai Circle Vice President.
Dr Mukul said that all the people know who Himata Bisawa Sharma is, why she left the Congress party is because she wants to become prime minister. BJP should not interfere in the work of others.
Speaking on the failure of the state government to curb the part-time dropout of children, Singh said this program has spread all over the world at primary level.
Mawthoh said that this will be implemented soon by widening the roads of the area for easy traffic and also by cleaning the village streets. to keep them free from uncleanness in order to bring cleanliness to the whole village.
The Ministry of Mining and Geology has received six applicants for the Minor Minerals license and these applications are undergoing processing. The license will be issued soon according to the rules of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah CB Syiem, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh who is also the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, said that they will not allow the Transport Department to set up The Way Bridge in this village has been closed due to traffic jam.
Managers appointed by the Directorate will visit all houses, shops, institutions etc, to collect information in relation to this survey.
Because as it is now, this Khasi medicine has disappeared after the death of this person, it is on this basis to preserve the Khasi medicine that the KHADC has built this place where there are many Khasi medicines. classroom to educate the youth.
In fact, if you have a vision, you should urge the government to provide this CHC and not allow it to be private because the private setting of doctors in Mawsynram CHC affects a lot of the people who come to get medicine through the CHC. CHC If there are those who want to take private services and there are those who do not come through the CHC, how can the doctor have to leave?
Speaking to media after the meeting, UDA Chairman and CEM candidate Bah Teinwell Dkhar said that after the meeting with the NPP tonight, the Many of the members of the UDA have accepted the name of Bah PN Syiem as the Chairman candidate of the KHADC. 19, UDP has 6, HSPDP 2, PDF 1 and 3 Independents and NPP 7 members.
The office of the union strongly condemns the disconnection at the right time and suggests that the disconnection should not be disconnected within four months. until lakhs of rupees were raised to free the people from the trouble.
However, when they forget to take care of the area, the chief has no responsibility to bring about development in the area and many of the officers in the area take advantage of it. you are there because you don't have to fight.
The meeting was held to discuss the border crossing and installation of electricity poles by the Assam government without complying with the rules of law. The Meghalaya government is still doing something wrong in relations with the border areas throughout the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Therefore, it is the responsibility and time of the state government to hand over to the CBI to investigate and find out who is really involved and what is behind this. you don't have to fight or make money from anyone.
Explaining about the intention of the party to visit Majai, Bah Nonglait said, “We have already submitted many letters to various departments regarding Majai because of many illegal activities. don't be afraid.
The ILP is one of the laws of the new state.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action and implement this section as soon as possible so that no inconvenience will happen.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Meghalaya has tens of thousands of employees, especially from low income households, who work as temporary and contract employees in various departments. various state government, central government in the state and also in other companies.
This sudden lockdown has affected the income of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The No Confidence Motion (NCM) on the government of Dr Mukul Sangma was tabled by three MLAs, Bah Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP. Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP and James K Sangma of the NPP will be brought before the House tomorrow morning to take a decision to accept or reject.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Anthony Kharkongor who expressed his gratitude to the HYC for being willing to help this family. I hope that there will be assistance from this department in this regard.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The District Transport Officer and Secretary today informed the public that all commercial vehicles operating within the city must meet the requirements of the vehicles as stipulated in the permit issued. there is a key.
A short meeting was conducted by HYC Mawlai Circle General Secretary Samla Lamphrang Warbah and speeches were delivered by HYC Mawlai Circle General Secretary and President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
In accordance with the directives of the Supreme Court Committee on Road Safety to consider stronger helmets in India suitable for the weather conditions in the country and to ensure the consent among the citizens to wear helmets, to this Committee.
In recent years, 2 lakh new households have been electrified.
The order has directed the Secretary of GHADC to provide all the documents required for the investigation.
Meanwhile, all the polling officers for 51-South Tura will leave early tomorrow morning as the polling stations are not far away and difficult to reach.
The injured were identified as Yobin Mawrie, 50, and Abalari Mawrie,
Due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the 121st Anniversary of the Seng kut Snem was celebrated with only 300 people according to the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
Fifteen YouTube channels from India and four from Pakistan have been banned.
It was witnessed that the cleaning of the part of the stream was connected to the ground floor of the house near the stream.
Regarding the houses that have been damaged, he said that the District Administration is conducting an inspection to say how many houses have been damaged. houses were damaged in this natural disaster.
During the inspection, the union found that there are children and adults who have been born with mental disabilities, mental disabilities, foot disabilities and others.
However, words that are not very important can be replaced by those that are taken back by those that are adjusted, according to their use in society and those that are rooted in speech, storytelling and literature.
These areas empower millions of farmers.
In an interview with the Organizing Secretary of the Seng, Samla Francis Gee Mawlong, he said that the Seng is most concerned about the discovery of some factories where the application forms of foreign workers have been brought or offered by them. officer of the District Council and a receipt of 700 tyngka.
Rejecting the request of the opposition to speak on the issue raised by the opposition leader Conrad K Sangma, the Speaker said he understands the need and the topic to speak but there is a rule that this conversation is not acceptable.
Furthermore, free rice, ie, rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at 5 kilos per capita for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. The government has directed all FPS dealers not to destroy the food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. those consumers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, admitted that there is a delay in the implementation of the scheme. The MHIS to submit a report to him for a thorough review of this scheme so that the people will not fall into trouble as has happened in the last two times.
The construction of these houses has cost T.7.77 crore and now it will come to the third phase to dig a well and to build roads inside the area. ring the water and the light, in this regard, how to complete these works.
The use of this information by some anti-India individuals and groups affects the entire country, which is an area of ​​concern that urgently needs steps.
In his speech, Bah Process T Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the school for all its preparations.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has not given permission to continue the strike after seeing that some teachers have been arrested. This is the call for talks from the government.
He said that all the textbooks for Class IX and Class X have been revised except for Health Education and Khasi textbooks but others have been revised, but sadly there are many mistakes. The union will meet with the Director of Education to discuss the issue that the education department should resolve as they did in 2008 when the teachers found that the census has a mistake.
According to police, people who were walking around heard a strange smell and when they went to look, they saw the body and informed the police.
The AMLA has banned tourist vehicles from Hynniewmer, Mawkdok, Duh Sohra and Sohra. TULBA has worked with TULBA to ban tourist vehicles and turn away these tourists.
In the second half, both the teams played well and did their best to score. It was only in the 70th minute that Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal. that it will bring victory.
HANM Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari on Tuesday called a meeting with the leaders of various political parties to discuss the issue. to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of June.
Babyona M Sangma, Secretary AMA, said the union welcomes the police raid at Darengagal near Chunmati Dobasipara, Tura but opposes the police raid on 15 youths. this is the step of God.
Meghalaya beat Tripura 12-1 and Meghalaya beat Assam 12-0 in the 27th North East Games 2013 at Khuman Lampak. Stadium, Imphal.
The JSM strongly criticizes the government by saying that as of now, the law is more harsh on the ILP protesters who fight for the country and the nation than on the perpetrators who destroy the value of the country and the nation. who violate the rights of women.
The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTC) has proposed to hand over the management of the hotel to the private sector.
He said that at a time when the Government of India is preparing to amend the Sixth Schedule, it is necessary to ensure that the Government of Meghalaya and especially the District Councils should be one voice to protect the rights of the people. the country and that the national parties cannot because they are divided.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the people of the state have been demanding ILP since 1979 and in November 2019 the government has taken a decision within The House of Representatives to implement the ILP in the state.
There are 35 cases in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in Ri Bhoi and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. .
Shillong, June 20: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, requesting him to issue an order. During the lockdown, you should not go to school or college.
The TTB has held such festivals only at three venues so far, Shillong, Kolkata and Ranchi in Jharkhand.
In his speech, former BJP President HS Syiemlieh said that as of now, the desire of the people of India for Modi to become the Prime Minister of the country is very strong.
During the visit, the MP of Tura found that there are still two persons who are still in critical condition, while the others have started to recover.
Brahmachari Vairagyachaitanya, Director Academics, Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, said that 462 students have been trained in this training and 373 of them have passed. Get the certificate.
A team comprising the Senior Specialist in Pharmacology and the Inspector of Drugs from MMDSL, the Inspector of Drugs of East Khasi Hills and the Logistics Manager rushed to the PHC to conduct the pharmacy. inquiry.
The Seng is also surprised to see in the news that the parties in the government like the BJP, UDP, PDF and HSPDP have spoken against the MoU and said that it should be revised once again. .
Shillong, June 22: Banrilang Pynrope today met with the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Cyril V Darlong Diengdoh to discuss the demand for the extension of the age limit. job within the police department which has already called for recruitment.
“The Vice-President also said that no foreign power should be allowed to affect the sovereignty and dignity of the country.
Shillong, Lber 09: In the first and new step of the NPP-led MDA Government, the Minister of Home Affairs (CFIS) has honored several troops. These are the same words, the same stories, the same promises and the same strategies that Mukul Sangma used when he was the prime minister.
Besides the winners, Freddy Fender Warjri of Manai who won the Best Goalkeeper award will also be awarded. The highest scorers were Balajied Warjri of Manai and Shimbor Warjri of Urur Rangshken who scored four goals each.
Although the ARPA under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as Chief Executive Member (CEM) has only been appointed for a few months to lead the KHADC, as a nation we have witnessed the stand to protect the KHADC. to be deprived and to reaffirm once again the ownership of one's own land.
The examination was conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA) in collaboration with the State Government for the purpose of arranging the examination centres.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the dumping of coal on the NH-6 miles from Shangbangla, Nongpoh.
Preparations are underway to improve several roads in the region under the South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation, which will transform the Northeast into a trade hub.
She is also the sister of TBn EW Kharsohnoh and the funeral service will be held on the 19th June 2014 from her residence at 2 pm at the Phudmuri Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
The Chief Minister urged the youth in Kareli to be proud to be Indians and said he is pleased to visit the place of Bapu who led the children against the British to achieve the independence of the country.
The MLA of 17-Shillong North said that the government should look into the allocation of jobs. The MLA of 17-Shillong North said that the allocation of jobs should be reviewed. The income should not remain as it is now, but should be looked at again in terms of the opportunity to go to higher education.
Shillong, July 15: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 161, with four cases tested positive today, three from East Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The National People's Party (NPP) led by Purno A Sangma as its new president will announce its election manifesto on Monday morning. at my office in Lower Lachunier.
Balvender Kumar, Secretary to the Union Government, was also present.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Mawsynram Constituency People's Welfare Association (MCWA) Shillong has sent its condolences to the families of those who were affected by the cyclone on the night of the 9th of this month. month.
She started a start-up to make ksai from lotus flowers.
At the meeting, the President and Secretary General of the IOA, after a thorough discussion, agreed that Meghalaya has the right to receive the allotment to host the National Games. He said they have requested Bah John F Kharshiing to speak at the AGM to be held after the Rio Olympics.
He said that the International Tourism Mart has been important to open up the opportunities in the North East related to tourism, by showcasing the unique identity of the region, heritage and customs. origins and materials and is a hub where those involved in tourism can connect with international as well as domestic customers.
Among the winners, Magret Mathaw won the Senior and Master categories.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The annual ritual of the Mylliem Hima in the market has been held today by the Lyngdoh of the Hima.
The Bishop was born on 17/2/2023 in Rangblang-Sohsyniong, then under the religious district of Shillong and now Nongstoin. I moved to Nongstoin in
Referring to President Draupadi Murmu's speech in 2022 on overcrowding in prisons and long-term imprisonment, he said this shows the need for a law that brings about change.
The committee headed by Bah Prestone Tynsong was held today at the State Central Library to discuss the Bill and how to find ways and means to improve it in order to curb the influx of Robert Kharjarin, a law student at NEHU, said that the bill has not affected the influx of foreigners.
On the part of the sisters, they welcomed this offer.
By doing so, we mean that we truly appreciate and follow the path of the cross and we can create a peaceful and hopeful society.
All the Deputy Commissioners, except the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, may further violate the rules by issuing an order by notifying the Political Department as directed by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The village requests the authorities to release Bah Ricky Marwein President of Nongumsur Sport Club without any conditions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Dundee C Khongsit, General Secretary of the FKJGP, on Tuesday said that if anything happens to the people of the Meghalaya EMRIWU (MEMRIWU), the government should take responsibility. The government and those who are facing the problems are now the employees of GVK Company who operate the 108 Ambulances.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: To commemorate Dr. Verghese Kurien, the father of the White Revolution, Meghalaya today held the National Milk Day 2019 with the theme of “Drink Milk now and every day”.
In Shillong, the District Administration has ensured that the religious services will be conducted smoothly and that all places of worship will follow the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1 -19.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 18: Two bodies of cow herders from Mawrusyiar village under Nongstoin police station have been found in a forest near the village.
It is also written that a Khasi woman can marry more than two men.
For the year 2024, the NMC has announced the seat allocation for UG and PG seats in the last week of July which indicates that it will decide on the UG seats in the third week of May and PG seats in the middle of April.
“By nominating women as candidates from both the constituencies, I think the NPP has no choice but to nominate women candidates from Shillong.
The food items used for the cooking were searched from the forest on the same day along with the Thais.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Police of Jowai Police Station today received a tip that there has been a robbery at Hill Top Dhaba, Riat Turim, Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District.
The union expresses its regret that these Khar Bangladeshis have been able to enter the state as they please. Bynshet said to him.
The names of the defective drugs have been approved by the relevant authorities.
The ability to establish these groups shows that the people want to improve their income in the villages and to have the opportunity to support their families.
Cornad alleged that this was done by other candidates from other political parties. The information has already been submitted to the Election Commission of India in a meeting with the Chief Electoral Officer of Manipur and at this meeting it was demanded that such incidents should no longer occur.
The woman was taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment after she complained of difficulty in breathing.
Amit Shah said that in the last nine years, about T 25,000 crore of the country's poor have been disbursed through Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
The HYC feels that the people should take a free decision without being forced or intimidated, but the recent statement of the Karbi-Anglong Students Union (HYC) has promised to change the state. Manipur if people want to stay in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, he said that this new policy will be part of the state government's efforts to increase the state's income to $10 billion in the coming years. Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister has introduced the New Industrial Policy.
It was also decided that the CBSE will take steps to release the results of Class XII students according to the rules and on time.
Shillong, March 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 46 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. Khasi Hills 6 cases, 461 cases.
There are 308 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 147 from West Garo Hills and 37 from West Garo Hills. 68307 people.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem met with Dr. FF Kharshiing, Director of Health Services (MI) to discuss issues related to the health services. Health in Mawsynram C&RD Block East Khasi Hills District.
During the meeting with the residents of the area, Tarni Kumar Tiu DIP of BSF said that such a meeting is necessary as it brings about a closer relationship between the army and the residents.
He said that he had also received a notice from the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday night urging him to look into the collapse of the well at the site. that this well has nothing to do with the construction of the Legislative Assembly.
In a statement sent today, the President of the party, Bah Charlie J Rani, said that the party will not stand idly by to ensure that the roads in the constituency are safe. put the questions in the Assembly.
If they don't know how to do that, they can't increase their wealth.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as a leader of the people in a small position, he will strive to try his best to achieve this spirit of service. to request the relevant authorities especially the Social Welfare Department and other government departments to look into and assist in these issues for the convenience of the people of Through the services of this Crèche Center and other children's homes in the Mawkynrew area, it will be a blessing for them. people who need service.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the FKJGP Nongkrem Circle were elected as President Wanshan Kharmudai, Bah Wadbor Kharmutee Vice President, Raynold Giri Kharsyntiew as General Secretary. Many other office bearers of the party were also elected.
The union also demanded to install an ATM machine in the bank for the convenience of the public.
He said that at this meeting it was found that there are about 4000 children in Meghalaya with disabilities. He said that in the villages there are NGOs up to 94% to look after child protection.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: U Dr Sailo, Meghalaya, has passed away today at 3 pm, the first death from COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
The government's reluctance to discuss the Reservation Policy is because the government leaders belong to one ethnic group,” said Robertjune.
However, the opposition knows that they don't have the majority and will leave the House. This shows that the UDP, HSPDP and Congress are one.
The existence of this Core Banking will also assist the bank in its operations.
The Seng has requested the Government to immediately deploy the BSF troops to the border to prevent any incident that may occur in the future.
In fact, the state government should improve the quality of treatment in rural hospitals so that patients from rural areas do not have to go to the city for treatment.
He said that he supports the UGC's decision to allow teachers to contest elections, but they must be on leave for about a year and if they win, they can become government employees. He admitted that in the past, it was the case.
The Prime Minister said that many people have their own feelings, on the part of the Prime Minister urged the people who are sick not to be afraid to move forward with the. Bethany Hospital has reopened today.
Shillong Lajong FC wishes the star player of the FC all the best in his career and to play well in the 2nd Division I-League 2020 campaign.
KSU Mynksan Unit, General Secretary Garland Shadap Manner, said that the meeting was held at the office in Jowai on Monday.
Public vehicles and private vehicles should be well ventilated. If anyone violates these rules, they will be punished according to the law. The order was issued by the DC of East Khasi Hills District.
However, on 23rd June 2016, some persons who claimed to be Chairman and Secretary of the JHADC sent a letter to the Administrative Officer (AO) of JHADC, and in this letter they requested the Administrative Officer to issue a certificate. The new Mayor, Phresmi Suting, has been appointed for one year.
The design of these buildings is now in progress.
Similarly, in the offices of the State Commissioners of Disabilities, the work should be strengthened by setting up an Advisory Committee in which the members should not be less than three.
Because these incidents have shocked and frightened all the people of these areas, the union urges all the Rangbah Shnongs and also the residents of the villages to be baadkar because even the Rangbah Shnongs are not counted. The death of these two Rangbah Shnongs has caused a loss not only to the family but also to the people. the village but the whole area.
This has created jobs for young people without jobs.
Referring to the loss of confidence among the people in those who stand against the government, the Prime Minister said that these people are very eager to spread lies.
On 18/8/2020, 150 samples were taken from Jhalupara and 18 were positive, 140 samples were taken from Upper Mawprem and 6 were positive.
The construction of the wells to improve this road from Rampnar to Weiloi has not yet completed, the work has been slow and the residents want the PWD to look into speeding up the work as it has caused problems to them. public area in transportation.
I believe that the leaders will understand before it is too late especially at this time it is a well-founded demand,” said Bah Tynsiar.
As an organization that looks after the welfare of the people, we are pleased to come forward to demand this ban on the entry into Riwar area because we see that in Shillong and other places this Corona Virus which we CoVID 19 has spread rapidly and many people have been infected.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the policemen who have performed well in this one year training.
The original mark sheets will be delivered to the colleges within 9 to 50 days.
Returning to the community, he today confessed before the BSF that he was misled by the HNLC and other unemployed and uneducated youths. who takes advantage of poverty to employ him in illegal activities.
All this is urlogn because everyone works together as a team.
After this, a meeting of these leaders was held in front of the place of worship which is inside the dense forests near the village.
The Governor has directed the University authorities to submit a complete report to the Visitor's Office on or before the 21st of June.
In the follow-up, the union received information from Coming One Ymbon that the site has been identified and selected for the construction of the house in Bangalore but it only needs the approval of the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 14: U Bah WHD Syngkon, Rangbah Shnong Mawkhar, speaking at the opening of the Auto Teller Machine (ATM) of the State Bank of India (SBI) at Mawkhar today in the presence of members of the Executive Committee. Committee of Mawkhar Village Council, Bah N.Rynjah, Senior Executive, FIS, State Bank of India.
The KSU wants to make sure that the people of the state have elected their legislators. , he asked 'isn't it their duty to think carefully on this issue.
If food trucks cannot pass, how can coal trucks and stone trucks pass from the bridge," the truck drivers complained.
“I am happy and I don't feel anything even if I lose the election and when I was with the Congress I didn't get this,” he said, adding that he has strong confidence in his supporters.
At present, there is only one ambulance at this CHC which has caused problems in many areas.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdang Area Unit led by Samla Edmond Mawsor General Secretary and members of the HYC yesterday visited Shahlang Market together with the employees of DHMO led by Bah BC Kharsyntiew Drug Inspector to inspect the shops.
It has witnessed a huge increase in more than 7000 blocks from 766 districts of the country.
On the other hand, Cornad said the central government should provide support not only in the field of sports but also in the field of tourism.
In this meeting, the HYC demanded from the CEM that the KHADC should appoint Council personnel in charge of Enforcement in all the districts under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. At present, the Enforcement Department is based only in Shillong and from Shillong all the districts are looked after.
Prime Minister Duh’s oversight should ensure that everyone has a home to live in.
The public meeting to hear the opinions of the people on whether to move to Wapung Block was held at Wapung Secondary School today. They were inside the Wapung block.
To commemorate the day, the party has paid tribute to Samla Shemphang Synrem who has taken the initiative to improve the name of Sohra by abolishing the name of Cherrapunjee.
Jambor War also brought forward the amendment, in which he said that according to the rule, the Bills should be received 30 days before the session but what happened is that it is still too late today. can be accepted.
Jowai and Daphah Greetings from Salaroh.
The BSF seized these sarees and when they opened them, they found that they were sarees which were intended to be sent to Bangladesh. These sarees were sent to customs for further investigation. rules have.
The union demands that the government should immediately punish these robbers and send police to protect the Hynniewtrep people living in the border areas.
When the shops opened, only one household was allowed to leave.
The government authorities have not banned the ceremony because it is a religious ceremony, but when it comes to the religious ceremony to bury Khnong Blai, it will be known after the 26th as they are still waiting for the decision of the court. The government, after the meeting, has canceled even the International Festival and even the Holy Thursday.
So far, 236 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 24: U Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) today convened a meeting with all the MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the recommendation of the Parliamentary Standing Committee. Amendment of Article 7 of the Constitution of India.
Ri Bhoi won the bronze medal in the Women's Team Event on Thursday after beating South Garo Hills District.
The Committee has recommended to the EC KHADC to inform and take action to talk to the State Government authorities to immediately reject this proposal.
Before sitting down and concluding their speeches, these two leaders congratulated these two organizations for their hard work and spirit to make these two tournaments successful and smooth. uniform.
In the meeting with the Longkmie Gas Agency led by Samla Reuben Najiar President and Samla Jason Laloo General Secretary, the union in the presence of other leaders and members conveyed the complaints to the Longkmie Gas Agency. of the people of the land of Laban.
Among the ethnic groups in the North East of India, the Santhali and Rabha from Assam, the Mizo from Mizoram, the Mao from Nagaland, the Galo from Arunachal Pradesh, Debbarman is from Tripura and Khasi is from Meghalaya.
Other dignitaries including Smt.
During the meeting, the Minister demanded that the government should set up a treatment center for drug users who have fallen victim to this drug addiction which has affected many youths of the area and which has affected the homes of drug users. don't.
One from 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and two from 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
Food is identified with people, nation and country.
“How can the Government of India, alone, not be able to meet the needs of its own children in all aspects, but turn its eyes and hands to other ethnic groups in other countries? world".
At this meeting, many decisions were taken, such as the preparation for the MP Lok Sabha elections to be held in 2019, to follow up on public schemes that should reach the power of the people, development schemes. They should not stop, and other tasks to cleanse the party in order to make India the cleanest country in the world.
Kennedy C Khyriem, MLA, Parliamentary Secretary, I/C Tourism, Art & Culture, etc., urged the people to abandon evil thoughts if they want to achieve freedom and escape from oppression. slave in this present age.
In East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger IPS has been reinstated as Superintendent of Police.
Shillong, November 11: There are 16 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in East Garo Hills and 4 cases in East Garo Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
The Minister also honored the Muster Roll student who came first in the SSLC examination this year.
She said that as the Chief Officer of the Police Department, she will take action to address the increase in violence against women and children and especially the safety of women.
He said that the best way to prevent the collapse of the well is to build a strong well to prevent the earthquake which can cause further damage to the building and the people. residents of the village.
We are preparing for many other missions this year.
At the same time, the KSU urges the MDA government to resolve the border issue of the state as soon as possible so that our brothers and sisters will not be harassed by the Assam authorities. .
On his statement that the talks with the rebel groups have not come to fruition even after many years, it is just childish talk.
From the body of Barbhuiya, police recovered 25 soap boxes worth Rs 2.1 crore, 3720 Nitrazepam Tablets and a mobile phone.
She said that at the time of the fire, she was not at home because she had gone to live in her workplace and she had only a disabled son who was sleeping in the house. one bedroom but he managed to get out of the bedroom after the fire broke out.
The purpose of this song through this campaign is to bring about a new mindset of the Khasi people in order to develop themselves in all aspects especially in the trade of heritage which is one of the the strong budlum of any nation.
Shillong, Naitung 07: STIEH has met with Khasi women who marry non-Khasi men. They are no longer Khasi, said Bah Shylla CEM of KHADC. CEM JHADC on Monday when she submitted her petition and also requested the CEM of JHADC to issue a Bill in JHADC as the Bill of KHADC, the Khasi Social. Custom of Lineage 2nd Amendment Bill 2018.
The first public meeting of the VDP in the area was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of the area and Bah IO Swer, MPS, SDPO, Sohra explained the work of the Village. Defense Organization Act and the work of the VDP members.
The inclusion of us Khasi in the list of Scheduled Tribes along with many other Scheduled Tribes who have the same rights in the Khasi States, and many other problems that we face due to the lack of clarity and non-implementation of the IOA & AA which is the foundation of our relationship with India.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should revise this and the MLAs of Jaintia Hills should listen carefully to this anthem which has removed Jaintia from the state anthem.
Also present on the occasion were the tyngshops and purons, Synranki Najiar and Darhun Marbaniang, who had the opportunity to exchange ideas with the students of the College.
Furthermore, the KSU Sengkmie under the leadership of Samla Rapborlang Nongrum visited Nongstoin the next day on the 15th June 2019 to visit and condole those injured in the incident.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SP of West Jaintia Hills District said it is true that they have arrested Bah Bthuh and found drugs from his body.
Just one day after the announcement of the names of the candidates for the MDC election 2014, the office bearers of the Congress party in Mawhati Constituency today left the party to support Bah James Sylliang.
COVID vaccines have already been purchased and are being purchased and these have been paid for by the Central Government through this.
The seizure of this drug this evening is part of the hard work of the police to protect the youth from this drug abuse which affects their future. who are ready to fight against this evil drink.
Government Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, officers, Sordar Shnongs and tens of thousands of people attended the opening ceremony. new today in Mairang.
One of the shopkeepers in Khyndailad said that the country as a whole is fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic, as the citizens of Meghalaya it is their duty to clean up the area. They expressed their gratitude to the District authorities for their support in this cleanliness campaign.
“For the Khasi community of Meghalaya, it will be very difficult, because in terms of ethnicity and customs, if the Uniform Civil Code is implemented, it will surprise and completely eliminate the ethnic discrimination among the Khasi,” he said. added.
The death toll in East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1004, while the death toll in the state has risen to
Answering a question whether it is because of the defection, Bah Nongrem said that it is the opinion of the people, but on his part he said that it is not because of that reason, the reason is that other candidates didn’t make it past the butt.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Bah Morris Khongshei, 74, former Superintendent of Information and Public Relations (DIPR), has passed away suddenly today.
The BJP leaders from Meghalaya have been invited to Delhi to witness the memorable day of the BJP party's election to the Central Government. six times.
Nongtdu was born on 8th June 1938. Political leaders who sent their condolences were MPCC President DD Lapang.
Between 2003-04 and 2013-14 for 14 varieties of crops under the Kharif marketing period, the lowest MSP increase was T.745/- per quintal for Bajra and the lowest MSP increase was T.745/- per quintal for Bajra and The highest MSP increase is T.3,130/- per quintal for Moong while between 2013-14 to 2023-24, the lowest MSP increase is T.780/- per quintal for riewhadem and the highest is T. .4,234/- per quintal of Nigerseed.
Copies of the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act 1973 and 1976 were submitted to the CEM JHADC;  The Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957;  The CEM was requested to introduce a resolution in the Council and urged the Government of Meghalaya not to introduce a resolution in the Assembly to demand that the Government of India should amend the Constitution. India, because of Section 3, has restricted the ownership of dew iong mines and has seriously affected the ownership of land, as part of paving the way for the resolution of the conflict arising from this ban on The CEM of JHADC has been requested to take action to discuss with the Executive Committee, the Council and also with the Khasi and Garo District Councils to create a way for the restructuring of the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Districts. (Constitution of District Council) Rules, 1951 because there are many shortcomings especially in relation to the right of many other ethnic groups to register and the right to contest MDC elections if they are permanent residents. At the same time, there is a delay and uncertainty regarding the list of Schedule Tribes who are eligible and eligible to be included in the Electoral Roll of the District Council and who are eligible to contest MDC elections. The list of foreign MDCs who contested and won elections from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in
Answering additional questions, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that at the MDA meeting, there was a suggestion to amend the rules of the SRWP. allow MLAs to assist the people during natural disasters.
According to the High Court, only the dulir registered with the office of the Deputy Commissioner is valuable.
JYF has been arrested. (SP News).
Therefore, I have had the opportunity to learn from him and to share many things which have been beneficial,” he said.
The Minister said that the electric buses will be operated to carry the public and other buses in fact were intended to operate as school buses but the schools in Shillong are not able to operate.
The time is still urgent and it will be a great help to themselves if the residents are willing to work together with the Dorbar Shnong authorities by taking the decision to temporarily accommodate those who come. They have returned to their villages in special places as part of the fight against Covid1
Latest reports said that Bah Kyndait has resigned from the Congress party because he wants to contest the MLA election from Khliehrait in this newly divided constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Bah Pious Marwein MLA of Ranikor on Tuesday visited the families of the victims of the drowning in the Tihiang River from Mawjai, South West. Khasi Hills District.
The opening ceremony will be attended by about 3,000 panchayat and block leaders and officers from across the country at the Bharat Mandapam.
One of the benefits to the people of having small four vehicles to travel to NEIGRIHMS is that the fare is only T.50/- tyngka each and it is easy to get a public vehicle. They have to pay a taxi fare of T.80 tyngka each but it is difficult to get a car.
James A Dragon, Public Relations Officer of the US Consulate in Kolkata, arrived in Shillong on Friday to inaugurate the training center at Hills Crest Higher Secondary School in Rynjah. which selected 25 students from this state.
On behalf of the Indian Olympic Association, Rajeev Mehta, Secretary General, Indian Olympic Association, on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya, PW Ingty, Additional Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs. Meghalaya State Olympic Association was led by John F.Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Chiranjib Choudhury, General Secretary, Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
At the same time, the HNLC spokesperson urged the ICARE to work together with the HNLC for the sake of the people who are now in the midst of the threat of extinction. At the same time, he said that ICARE should speak out against corruption which is the money of the people.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the residents, village leaders, king of Rambrai Hima, leaders of this area to join hands with the people to demand from the government together with the Seng to set up a C&RD Block in Rambraikhnang. Mr Wanteibok Lyngdoh, President of the West Khasi Hills District, concluded the statement.
During the inspection, the union found that many trees have been cut down in the area. The union strongly opposes the proposal to relocate the Block Office from the area which covers about 10 acres.
It is to be recalled that the number of arrests of KSU members has risen to 5 and 3 of those arrested earlier have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of the two members. A foreigner has been arrested in connection with the murder of a foreigner who is a domestic worker in Ichamati on 27th October Mawlai Mawroh on 10th June
This road has been in poor condition for many months now and the authorities have not taken any repairs to the roads in Laban. The Seng has urged the PWD department to expedite and repair these roads.
Shanborlang Wartde is the son of Alfrida Wartde and Karmel Jyrwa of Rangmaw village.
She won the title of “best senior climber” in the women's category and won two gold medals.
Prestone also appealed to the political parties not to throw alcohol on the incident as the law enforcement agencies have done their part.
MPYC President Adrian L Chyne said the meeting was held to discuss among the party youth how to strengthen the Congress in Meghalaya as well as in India as a whole. other.
Nongrum said that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has not been able to relocate these people who have been living in this area for more than six years. take action on the part of the government.
He presented songs at the International Festival on Intercultural Dialogue between the North East and South East Asia (2010).
So far, 24817 samples have been taken, 24199 have tested negative and 300 results are pending.
According to the police report, there have been violations of the rules and regulations especially in these two villages in the middle of the border dispute, LumKhohskhen, LumMynsiang and Um Saitshyieng. Raij Tamu, Nongjngi District, West Jaintia Hills District.
On the occasion of the 74th Republic Day, the President of India has awarded 59 BSF personnel, of whom 07 Police Medals (PMG), 05 President's Medals. Police Medal for good deeds and 47 persons received Police Medal.
The Minister said that this is a Medical College funded by the government, the total cost will be T.243.82 crore and the central government will spend T.172 crore. Rs.40 crore.
The Assam Rifles is responsible for security on the border between India and Myanmar and fights against insurgency.
Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra Constituency was the chief guest at the ceremony held at the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Khliehshnong, Sohra.
It is on this basis that the Government has taken all necessary measures to improve the income of the people through good governance. health, education and to spend more on the construction of roads, bridges, electricity and water supply.
The FKJGP strongly warns against those people who are involved in issuing trading licenses to those authorities who do not have proper documents and if found guilty, they will be punished according to the law. This was announced by Bah Reginald Thabah, Asst. Information Secretary, Seng Kmie.
If this road is lost, the party will not hesitate to take a decision to strike indefinitely within the KHADC. Because we understand clearly that the nature of our land does not matter when the children of thousands, the owners of the land The countries which have been established by the Koh ki Iaw Tymmen from generation to generation have been closed down by the authorities of our visitors.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: A meeting was held between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and the Village Authority of Hima Lyniong today. just don.
Furthermore, the ban by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on the Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) 1967 is worth mentioning.
The meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya was on the inability of NEHU to recognize the employees who have worked for more than 10 years. After receiving the recognition as full time employees, this has put a bad impression on the conduct of the university.
The road was constructed by BSC-C&C JV from Hyderabad. The work started in 2011 and was supposed to be completed in October 2014 but due to unavoidable reasons, it was not allowed. The company will complete the project in October
Who else can teach and encourage, who else can speak and tell stories, who else can show or guide the value of the marriage which is sacred among our people.
Generous said that the father of the house has built this house alone without any help from others or giving land to others due to poverty and the father of the house has spent the morning and evening when he There is a mystery that he has built alone slowly to complete this house before the rain comes.
Climate change affects our farmers and everyone else.
The union said that since last years it has been suggesting to the government and the Jowai Municipal Board to take care of the place where the nuit is collected and broken in Mynkjai. The stingy counting of the Municipal Board and the government will happen to the extent that the public and the market dwellers are struggling to find a place to break the nuts.
He said that it was on the day of independence that Para 12(A) was inserted under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
On these allegations, although the government has information that can be witnesses, it has not done anything to arrest or punish them, while the leaders of the Bhalang have been arrested on suspicion.
Shillong: The Lama Jubilee Celebration of the 100th Anniversary of the Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly Hospital Shillong has been celebrated.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Jhalupara Village Council in collaboration with the Shillong Cantonment Lease Holders Association and other groups held a ceremony to pay tribute to their MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai at the House.
Regarding the statement of the Chief Minister, the union wants to hold a discussion on the reservation roster in Tura, according to a statement sent by the Working President of the Council, ACHIK. Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today convened a meeting at Shillong Club to discuss one of the issues in the party's election manifesto regarding the employment allocation in Meghalaya. The party will talk to the MDA-2
“There has been a thorough survey in East Jaintia Hills for the construction of the railway line to Khliehriat.
According to a statement sent by the UDP, the two candidates have promised to the party that if they win, they will not leave the party in any way as MDCs from the constituency.
It is planned to create up to 1 lakh garment manufacturing jobs and 2 lakh related jobs in each park.
When we are able to control inflation this affects the growth pattern of the country.
According to reports, the Union Home Minister has personally received the petitions submitted by the civil society and the government as well, but there has been no discussion on the petitions. .
This is according to a statement sent by the KSU (SP News).
Therefore, on this basis, the JNC fully supports the demands of the KSU to introduce strong laws to prevent the influx of foreigners, the railway will be considered later.
The award winners were 27 students who have passed well in various grades and lines of study in 2022, and also some members of the kur who have done well in various fields. These are the activities of the Wapung Circle.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gabriel MDC of Nongstoin said that the French from 1829 until they left in 1947 respected the land tenure system. In 1929, the National Dorbar passed many laws regarding land, but after the establishment of the District Council in 1952, the land tenure system became more complicated.
Dr Donkupar Roy, at the meeting, said that before attending the meeting, he had talked to the Chief Minister about the answer he would give to the people. On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that this year it cannot be held because of the lack of funds.
The MHRC through Dr Justice Aftab Hussain Saikia as Chairman and PJP Hanaman as Member of the Commission today lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of the State. report to the commission within 30 days.
He said that he had informed the police but they arrived late at NEHU and even the security and students saw the people with faces gathered at NEHU.: Ka Seng Bharatiya Janata The BJP Meghalaya has said that it has not yet announced the names of the candidates by the High Command of Delhi. However, the Sengkmie party should announce this month.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government will provide assistance of T.7.5 lakh to those who have died but the KSU has demanded that another person should be given a job. from the family of those affected by the incident.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam has made it clear that the government will not pay back the money that has been stolen by the companies where the people have deposited money. They are ministers and government officials.
The NRFM (formerly known as the United Revolutionary Front) was formed on 11th November, 2011 by members of three groups of the KCP, the Meitei rebel group.
These are the employees who have been able to work since morning in compliance with the rules and regulations, according to an order issued by the Chief Secretary of the state today.
“This action was sent by foreign countries who do not want to see the development of India and the leader of the ULFA has to thank what they ordered him,” said Tarun. Gogoi.
The BSF has arrested these two persons, both of them are children, one is 17 years old and the other is 18 years old. of Pynursla Police Station.
In a report, the Principal of the college said that there are 50 outdoor toilets, 12 ground toilets and 10 rooms. sum, five washrooms with water treatment plants, and 80 hand washing facilities.
During the meeting, the Union Minister promised the Tura MLA that she will look into the request of the MP from Meghalaya and will inform him regarding this. task.
If we look for all the facts, because we have already seen that many young people who have been educated but do not have a close relationship with the Ministers, it is useless for those who have completed their studies, while others who have just studied. They have close ties with politicians and it is easy to get government.
In his speech, Dr Nonglait said that the reason for the non-inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth grade in the past years is that even though the Khasi language has been completed according to the rules laid down by the The Ministry of Home Affairs of India is responsible for the stinginess of the state government, he said.
In this regard, the three-day dialogue aims to bring together those involved in these activities from within and outside the country to discuss and come up with solutions to promote change for the environment. India and in the participating countries, which can be replicated around the world.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that this was taken at the 110th meeting of the university and a notice has been sent to the colleges on the decision to implement the NEP-2020.
The aim of this program is to encourage people to engage in physical activity such as running.
The impunity, not the rights in the existing laws, is a sign of the bias of foreign rulers against the people of the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Nongpoh Police Station today at 4.45 pm arrested two coal trucks which tried to escape from the coal mine at Shangbangla. They are one with the registration number ML-10A-4811 and the other with the registration number AS-01CC-3
Your doctor's bag is in Balagre.
On this occasion, Bah Shylla said that if the besien, the mynsiang have been protected for fear of losing their identity, shouldn't the law protect the people?
The President said that the well-being and holistic development of women and children is the hallmark of a developed society.
Up to 90 children from the village attended the ceremony . There was a dance with the children from Jetwings , the management of NEIMA said Thank you for this honor to the children.
The court found Emlang Dkhar guilty of the crime and sentenced him to imprisonment with a fine of T.20,000 thousand under Section 376 IPC and 40 years under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and fined T.
The first prize in the name of Crystal Gayle was awarded to Skhemlang Hynniewta and presented by KN Kumar and Lyngdohsad Dominic Jala.
Dr Mukul said the Congress MLAs have already sent their questions to be discussed at the dorbar synrai which will start on the 10th of this month.
The film will be shot on the 6th and 7th of this month at Nengmandalgre village on the other side of the Simsang River.
Police said they had received a complaint from the family members for a long time as the incident happened two months ago.
The people should not misunderstand that the MRSSA has been in place since 2016, but what the government has done is to amend some parts of the MRSSA Ordinance. which has not yet received the governor’s approval.
At the same time, the union has already sent a letter to the VC of the university demanding that he should be removed. as the Dean of the School of Social Sciences, and should be dismissed for these crimes.
Shillong, Lber 27: Two MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh of the UDP and Bah Manstudy Nongrem of the Congress Party have sent a letter to the Congress. A letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to request him to set up an office of KHADC in Mawkyrwat.
Speaking to SP News Agency at the office of the Chief Engineer in charge of Highways in the state, he said that the PWD has given permission to build the footpath. , but after receiving a letter from the Extra Assistant Commissioner in charge of Land Affairs, the office has decided to suspend it temporarily.
This is according to the reply of Bah Frowardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills.
Police have surrounded the area since morning to prevent KHNAM leaders from holding a strike at the area under Section 144 CrPC which has imposed four corners of the secretariat. .
Deoris Marbaniang has filed a complaint against the KHADC for closing down her shops in Bara Bazar, Iewduh, Shillong on the grounds that she is a state citizen and does not need to receive the shops. Trading License from KHADC and alleged that the Trade Department of KHADC did not issue a 30 days Show Cause Notice and a 45 days Closure Notice before closing down nine shops.
He said that the Government's struggle to demolish these shops in this market is to build a larger and more spacious shopping complex.
Shillong, July 04: Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai today announced that the Nepali Secondary School at Madan Laban will receive a scheme from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) of Rs. school.
Today is the closing day of the Behdeinkhlam festival in the Jowai Doloiship where the government has declared this day as a public holiday to allow those who are still holding the niamtre to take part in the festival. held once a year.
There were traditional dances from Owai, Nongtalang, Shangpung, Raliang and Ialong.
The union demands that the central and state governments should reduce the vehicle tax and insurance by 25 percent.
Later, the Minister of Home Affairs met with the leaders of the Meitei community on Sunday.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Elvis Kyrsian Vice President of the party, Bah Keny Nongrum Secretary and the ribbon was cut by the President Bah Kharnaior. tynmen wet.
Shillong, July 08: U Bah Wanlambok Khongsit, a man identified as Bah Wanlambok Khongsit, has surrendered to the Madanriting Police Station at 5:00 pm today. charged with complicity in prostitution.
More special photos, meeting of leaders from the state including Captain Williamson Sangma, Brington Buhai Lyngdoh, GG Swell, Rev JJM Nicols Roy and Indira Gandhi in Delhi before the announcement of the state in and all these things are no more in this world government.
sub-clause iii (a) that a Dkhar shall not have the right to invade or cultivate in any village within the boundary of the Nongstoin Syiemship.
When asked how the office will do this, the Project Director of MACS said that they still have to think. to this location where MACS has been appointed.
The COVID 19 vaccination campaign started across India on 16th July,
It may be recalled that the UDP and HSPDP have revived the Regional Democratic Alliance to strengthen the ethnic parties by cooperating not only in the elections but in other matters affecting the state.
In this regard, the Hima Nonglang has written to the KHADC to request it to take action and inform the state government, the Hima Jyrngam to hand over the Tutia Bazar village to Assam.
The meeting was convened on the occasion of the Central Government's intention to introduce amendments to the Sixth Schedule for District Councils.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Sarphosly Rongrin President of KSU Misei Unit said that from time to time the KSU Misei Unit does not hesitate to carry the lyngkor of the jaitbynriew. to the party to serve better the community, the region and the nation as a whole.
It is believed that this man died tyrsaw.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its opposition to this decision of the government despite the public explanations from the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. the rights of students are lost.
Bah Suchiang said that these youths had lodged a complaint with the Lumshnong Out Post Police Station but the police had told them to think carefully before lodging a complaint against them. He said that the union will continue to demand that the government should immediately relocate the BSF troops from Sonapyrdi to the border so that the residents will not become victims from time to time due to excessive force. military border.
The ceremony was graced by the presence of Bah Spiton Kharakor, Bah Herman Nongrum and Bah N Munish Singh.
If this is the case, the time will come when it will be difficult for them to go to teaching jobs, because as human beings they need food at home.
Shillong, July 18: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) in charge of the National Highway-6 connecting the northern parts of Assam and East Jaintia Hills has worked 24 hours to ensure that the road cannot be constructed. Leave this road quickly.
Shillong, November 23: The Congress party through its candidate from Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar today met and handed over a work order worth 2 lakh tyngka to the Mawlai Dorbar Shnong.
The service was inaugurated by Chitralekha Sharma, President.
Shillong, July 8: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes on Friday enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits persons or groups from catching and fishing by fishing. They used drugs and detonated bombs along the Wahblei and Khusang rivers, which fall under Mawshynrut Block, West Khasi Hills District.
Also present on the occasion was Bah A.Nongbri, BDO, Mawkyrwat Block as the chief guest. Football, South West Khasi Hills District and other elders.
The reason is that there are still polling officers who have not reached the polling stations because they have to walk for many hours.
Answering a question whether there is any special consideration for the people of this area because short people often do not join the army just because they lack ryngieng, Colonel Kumar said. He said that there is a rule that some groups cannot be cut by two centimeters.
On this occasion, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, in the presence of the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Lamphrang Blah and the Executive Member in charge of Larirti Department Bah Victor Rani together with officers and authorities of Mawphlang Hima on Tuesday visited the area to inspect the preparations for the festival.
This is the first visit of the President of India since he assumed office as Governor of Meghalaya.
He said that AVGC’s activities have improved in the recent past and are expected to continue to improve in the next 15 years.
The main topics to be discussed are the demarcation of Assam, the delay in the construction of entry and exit points, the incompetence of the present government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Justine Dkhar MLA of Ambrose Memorial School, Khliehriat said that the school was established in 2000 and was upgraded to Secondary in 2006.
He said that as the MLA of the area, he has already spoken to the District Administration to deliver relief to the people affected by the natural disaster.
Answering a question, the President of the HYC said that they will write to the state government to demand from the central government to create land for the indigenous people in the state. Now you can write to the state government about this.
These villages have been owned by the Khasi Hills and the land titles have been issued by the Khasi Hills. The sad thing is that when the Chief Minister signed the soskular, he did not consult the Himas. It is on this basis that the Khasi Hills have gone to the Supreme Court of India.
The Chief Minister will not only look at Mawlai when it comes to Civil Sub Division, but will also look at other constituencies,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Rev Victor Lyngdoh today announced that Pope Francis on Saturday appointed Rev Father Ferdinand Dkhar as the Bishop of Shillong. Jowai, 12 years after the death of Rev Vincent Kympat.
Regarding the vehicles to the rural areas, they have been allowed to travel only to the rural areas, but this task has been handed over to the Transport Department and the Deputy Commissioners to arrange for the traffic.
This group will also have to look after not only the problems of the residents but also the issues of national security. The Magistrate, Police Officers, Adjutant and three Village Officers shall look after this from time to time.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar today visited the East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, Meghalaya to inspect the progress of the project. progress implementation of various schemes of the central government.
On the claim of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne that there are 19 members, Bah Latiplang said how can we count when sometimes they come out and sometimes they sit down? .
Shillong, November 08: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit has invited the residents of Ri Bhoi District to a public meeting to be held at Bhoi Rymbong on the 10th November from 12 noon to protest against the forced and insulting residents of the State to take the Covid TIKA Vaccine against the Covid-19 pandemic which has come only by human forces.
MDC of this constituency Bah Jansing M Tynsong was also present.
Sunny Dympep has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 28th of this month at 2.30 pm, he was robbed of a bag of money and a license. niah times.
In his speech, Bah M Shylla, Chief Executive Member of the VBDO, said that the VBDO has been conducting these blood donations with the support of its members. meeting.
After the inspection, the Prime Minister held a meeting with the Officers to discuss the incident.
NESO leaders will leave for Manipur to meet with the leaders of the two ethnic groups involved in the conflict to try to bring about a sense of understanding to restore peace, said Samuel B Jyrwa. Chairman of NESO. Shillong, July 28: The Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, while taking part in the discussion on the budget for the year 2023-2 He said that the District Council should have the Legislative, Executive and Judiciary.
We have hope that the highest court will listen.
Through the release of the 8th installment of payment for the month of November, 2022, the total Revenue Deficit Grants released to the States in 2022-23 has increased to T.57,467.33 crore.
After explaining to the people, the Magistrates at the YMCA left the area to return to their places of origin.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Iooksi Pyllun today together with the residents of neighboring villages repaired the road from Umdeinlin to Talow and Umbluh.
Answering a question by Process T Sawkmie, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that T.16.70 crore has been allocated to the cooperatives. long 95 and the debt they have to repay will be within five years.
However, the absence of the Cabinet has prevented the party from talking or discussing with the Ministers.
Teachers in schools should provide a written notice that during their teaching they shall not punish children by beating them. Shillong, Jymmang 15: The demand of the people of Ri War Mih for the Pynursla Civil Sub Division has been for a long time and this demand was fulfilled today. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has inaugurated the Civil Sub Division.
Police have not yet arrested the suspects involved in the murder of four people whose bodies were found at Umpleng village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In explaining the benefits of these policies for the people of Assam.
In this regard, the village officials of the Dorbar Shnong Them Mawbah who inspected the fence have given a deadline of nine days to remove these silver fence from the footpath.
Cornad said the Union Home Minister and the Union Government should talk to the Madhya Pradesh Government to punish those involved in this case according to the laws of the country. .
He said the Government will also receive funds from the Special Assistance on Capital Investment to improve the oldest market in the state.
With the passing of the days, these mynder have increased to a great extent and this has affected the indigenous people.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU North Khasi Hills District President F Kharkamni said that the main topic of the meeting was that they have decided to urge the KSU to join the KSU. KLPT should not harass the people on the border.
Lesmimery Lyngkhoi & 3Snora Lyngkhoi, Women Open- 1Darishisha Iangjuh, 2Dateibankynmaw Marwein & 3Pynhun Shullet, Women Veteran – 1Snora Lyngkhoi,
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma, today said that there is a border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam at four places on the border between the two states.
The FKS has won the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes which has directed the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) Government of India to do whatever is necessary to implement the promises under the IOA & AA. The letter has been sent to the State Government authorities, who have been consulting with the KHADC authorities since
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today appointed Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya in the presence of many government officials. state.
Secretary, Bah Poly Warlarpih, General Secretary of KJDSTA and Kong Ester, General Secretary of Adhoc Teachers.
Those who receive this benefit will now receive T.750 tyngks from 1.10.2022, 62446 elderly people, 34394 single mothers, 34394 single mothers who receive this benefit from the government. There are 3325 elderly people and 1824 single mothers.
The CEM of KHADC said that they have not taken any decision because this issue is very difficult and they have to think carefully before the time comes when they will be really powerful. Call together all the kingdoms, that they may consult together.
He will also launch the RapidX train connecting Sahibabad to Duhai Depot, which marks the opening of the Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS) in India.
In the 75 years of India's independence, Kiren Rijiju has become the first tribal minister to hold the Ministry of Justice of the Union Government and this is an honor for the tribals in the country. India.
The incident took place at 4th Mile, Upper Shillong.
Shine Marwein, one of the students who contested the examination, said that the decision to protest is to demand that the government should announce the resolution which they have already written. the examination which they conducted in the month of June,2022.
I urge the residents to cooperate with the Shnong Kaw and the implementers of these schemes so that the works can go ahead and complete the work. “If I am elected as MLA in 2018, I will not contest the MDC-2019 election because I am understand that I cannot serve two masters.
Through these Out Posts, Assam has been able to cut off all the land of Meghalaya in the border areas which is still under negotiation.
Prestone said that in the next two or three days, the issue will be resolved.
In fact, the MPUF has done what is necessary to protect the country and the nation by preventing foreigners from entering the country without providing the necessary documents. They have to identify themselves as Indians, but just for the small reason that they didn't hand over these mender to the police, the police have arrested them without the President and the Finance Secretary of the MPUF. Even after the arrest of these two members, the President has been released on bail, but the police are still searching for other members. They urged the law enforcement authorities to immediately stop the search or arrest of the members of the MPUF.
They have reduced recruitment time from 1-2 years to a few months, he said.
Portraits of these heroes, along with a special space for protesters from the North East will be one of the highlights of the exhibition.
The SDO has declared the village as a Containment Zone as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
When asked by the members of the union from the petrol pumps why the price of petrol has increased so much, it was said that the tax has increased to T.31.50 per liter of petrol and this increase comes from the government.
It is since then that the people have been facing difficulties in getting the lyer shet jingshet,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
The school in Sabuda village has received assistance from the Meghalaya government through the SSA scheme to build a house for the students of the village in Ri Bhoi District.
Immediately after that, the Home Ministry was asked to look into the matter, but it is still pending.
Shillong, July 03: U Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Dr. L Murugan on the second day of his inspection of development projects in the state, visited a dairy farm in the state. Mawiong in the presence of government officials from the state.
The Government should immediately stop the construction of the railway line, should provide and complete the necessary works in terms of curbing the influx of foreigners into the state.
R.Thapa of 101 won the tennis category while Wanpynskhem Mawroh won the tennis category.
He said that during his research he found the graves of these Khasi and Garo workers in France and from the writings abroad, this is the largest visit ever. in the south-east of India.
Shillong, July 26: The ration consumers in the state have not received ration from the ration shops since June 2019 and the reason for the delay in the distribution of ration is due to the elections in the state.
The total number of cases on Saturday was 155, 115 from East Jaintia Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from East Garo Hills. There are 1 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in West Khadi Hills.
She also demonstrated how to use e-reader apps and other tools, which encouraged the students to learn how to use the e-resources that are not available either from the College or from the College. other parts.
Through the strong foundation of the NEP, IIM Shillong continues to play a major role in the development of education and the welfare of the students in this area which empowers them to bring about change. good in society.
He also urged them to bring about change in the society by participating in knowledge-based reforms and to be employers of others.
