“It is only in the last five years that we have been able to participate in national level competitions as states.
In its petition, the Seng said that it is the Shillong Municipal Board that has not been able to inspect and inspect from time to time that this place has become a hotbed of drug addicts. and to turn into a place of slaughter.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, in reply to a question in the House raised by Miani D Shirang of the Congress party regarding the He said that in the implementation of the Suabhagya scheme, there is no corruption.
On the other hand, KHNAM was led by its president Pyndap Saibon, three MDCs of the party in KHADC, Adlebert Nongrum, Ban Basaiawmoit and Latiplang Kharkongor.
However, this is only a public misleading, because the maintenance is like a road where wild animals walk and not like a road where people walk.
There are 463 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 255 cases in West Khasi Hills and 67 cases in West Khasi Hills. today.
It was announced in the House that the registration of nominations will be held before 12 noon and the examination of documents will be held at 12.15 pm.
The Department of Khasi of NEHU should also take action on this issue,” he said.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Jairam Gadkari on 1st November, Dr Syngkon said, “I request your office to take immediate action. on this issue so that it will address the concerns of the people of the State mentioned above”.
Although the Meghalaya Milk Mission, the dairy farmers' and cooperative societies who have started dairy farming have seen the growth of the dairy sector and have benefited greatly.
All these things happened in Tura.
At the Health & Wellness Centre, we also provide screening for hypertension, diabetes and cancer such as oral and cervical cancer.
Shillong, November 07: Nongstoin Police today arrested a suspected drug trafficker and seized heroin worth T.3.25 lakh from his body.
An important part of bringing pride is the continuation of further product improvement initiatives, he said.
The new office building, constructed at a cost of Rs 45 crore, has an auditorium, a seat for lawyers and other rooms for business.
He said that the mission of the banks is to provide services to the people of this area despite these difficulties they are facing and the bank will continue to provide services to the people for the sake of the growth of time in all aspects.
Answering questions, he said that the date has not yet been announced when the results of Class X, Matric and Class XII will be released soon. publish they have announced the release date.
The list was released on 31st November 2017 and out of 3.29 crore applicants, 1.90 crore have been nominated.
“The presence of police outposts along the National Highway from East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and Ribhoi District is a disease in our journey.
Referring to the problems faced by the C&RD department, the Government officials explained that one of the problems is that they don't get long-term officers in these positions related to development, because they are who came from different departments.
The Chief Guest in his speech praised Mr. Pro for his knowledge and vision for the future of the children even though he himself is not an educated person who wants to bring more education like this. the city is not far away.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM in charge of Trading License of KHADC, on the growth of illegal shopkeepers in Shallang Market, Bah Paul said that There are two parts to the District. He promised in front of these Sengbhalang that he will close down and those who do not have proper documents and those who do not renew their documents. he will not allow them to set up shops in Shahllang.
To strengthen this, the state government has been directed to install CCTV cameras in public places to arrest those who commit immorality.
In Syntung, Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Secretary, in charge of Agriculture, congratulated the Sordar Shnong for his support and for making the village one of the villages where strawberries have been planted. recognized from all over.
They are also the most numerous tribe in Mawdem (Nongkhlaw Hima).
The GHSMC will lift the curfew until the government releases them without any conditions.
These talented filmmakers are from 19 states and Union Territories of India including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh. , Maharashtra, Manipur, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.
This Aiom Lehkmen will also promote the traditional games of the Khasi and will also promote through various parts which have been handed down from Kulong Kumah between the Bri u Hynniew Trep and Hynniew Skum.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Governor, Bah Sanbor recalled that last year he had sent a letter to the Central Government to express his opposition. to urge the Central Government not to implement the CAB in Meghalaya.
The Seng said that this decision of the education department of the state government is the best step it has taken for the safety and security of the students and especially for us to be able to provide protection. All students have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Police have seized several weapons and documents related to the GNLA from this place. Police have not yet been able to raid the camp of the rebel group as they did today.
The purpose of the tournament which was held today in the markets and colleges was to teach the people how to understand the value of their vote and to go out to vote. their vote without having to take anything, money or alcohol.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills. The total number of deaths in the state has risen to
2963 nominations have been received for 95 PCs (including 29-Betul) in 12 States and UTs for the third phase of the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
As the Seng we would like to express our gratitude to the village leaders for donating to this family and we would also like to congratulate the elders of this village for showing the spirit to help those in need. .
Journalists from different parts of Maharashtra have visited Meghalaya and Assam from 29th March 2023 to 4th November 2023 as part of a Media Tour organized by the Press Information Bureau, Maharashtra – Goa, Information Department and Broadcasting, Government of India.
The Government has also agreed to build a Ropeway worth T.140 crore among others to promote tourism in the state.
The same public hearing will be held on the 7th of this month in Ampati and other places.
The SP said that according to information received, it is believed that Bah Storgy may have intimidated and threatened the traders to accept the demand letters.
Other candidates who filed their nomination papers are Bah Paul Lyngdoh from the UDP Shillong West.
A group of GHADC employees who are currently in Shillong have already submitted their letter to the Governor of Meghalaya and sent him a letter to the Leader of the party. allegations of corruption in which the funds allocated by the Central Government for development works in the backward areas have been allegedly misused and this has been reported to the Governor.
In his speech, U Pynpaw “We welcome all the visitors from near and far but when we visit we must take responsibility for the cleanliness of the place.
“We urge your Government to answer our questions why some officers in the Home (Police) department have been in the same district for more than 15 years through the misleading behavior of Intra. Unit Transfer only within the same district and we demand that this matter should be taken as soon as possible according to the rules of law to ensure that there will be a clean operation in the delivery of services to the people of the state,” he said. said the party in a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
On the other hand, the BSF has urged the police and the BGB to be vigilant to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
He recalled how with the initiative of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the Indo-Bangladesh Agreement was completed which brought about the exchange of border areas and brought peace in the entry into Bangladesh and other regions. .
The pH of the water has dropped so much that it is no longer possible for the fish to survive and breed as in previous years.
Prizes and certificates were awarded to the winners at the event.
He said the Modi Government has decided that the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) will now take part in domestic and foreign sports.
Dr Mukul said they will speak in the Legislative Assembly and it is up to the Legislative Assembly to take a decision. days notice must be given before the speech to remove the Speaker of the House.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, today held a two-day World Population Stabilization Conference at Mawkyrwat. by the office of the District Medical & Health Officer, Mawkyrwat.
The first political agent was Colonel Lister who took up the post of Political Agent on 11th February 1835 and his headquarters was at Sohra.
On the other hand, the HNYF strongly warns against those who misuse the name of the HNYF because the HNYF has nothing to do with the HNYF. HNLC. The HNYF leader said that if anyone has been demanded money, they should lodge a complaint with the police station. Bless Dkhar said that the government has helped to track down the suspects.
The office has opened a shelter at the school in Kyrmenkulai, Sad-A village. All 18 students have gone to this shelter but 11 people have gone to this shelter. They have left to stay with their family members and now there are 7 people in the area.
“This forced removal is unfounded because the Hima has its own Act which was approved by the Governor in 2008 and this removal of the council is not in accordance with the Act. “It has been amended without the approval of the Council or the Governor,” said Bah Kynsai.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Director to take action as soon as possible and if this demand does not succeed, the union will not hesitate to take another stronger measure, concluded the statement. u Publicity Secretary Samla Teimiki Suchiang.
U Bah Bipul, as the leader of the RBYF, also wished all the residents especially those who have suffered from the storm Langthari to have a healthy body and also to be able to increase in their income as they used to do all the time.
The Prime Minister said that last Tuesday the discussion in the House was only from the ruling party and it was like a House discussion, the opposition was not in the House on that day. for the opposition it is specifically allocated to them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today on his visit to Bangladesh together with a delegation of ministers and traders from Meghalaya visited the former Syiem Jaintiapur Palace. There is nothing left but the foundation stone in that place.
The abducted teacher is a PhD student at the North Eastern Hill University, Tura campus.
The exploitation and violation of the Longtrai rights of the people by foreigners is a matter of the nation and the KHADC should take action so that the heritage of the people will not be put at risk. added Purningstar Shabong.
At this meeting, it was decided to suspend the trains until 31st October 2020 including the trains in the villages.
The party will come forward if the people are willing to support this issue but the party has no intention of coming forward if the people do not support us because we are working for you and not for you. C.Nongrem Secretary, West Khasi Hills District, said in a statement.
The magazine is published in three languages.
Only 1.4 % of workplaces have more than 500 employees.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The BSF on Saturday seized 3200 billion heroin from a forest in Jatrakona, South Garo Hills District, Meghalaya. The amount of money was T.6 lakh.
Speaking on the report, Mr John Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, & Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya; Spokesperson FKS expressed his gratitude to the Government of India and the State Government and is pleased to inform that after 64 years, for the first time, the Constitution of India under Article ), on 26th April 2012, issued a judgment confirming the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948, and directed the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to do whatever is necessary to fulfill these commitments approved by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States.
Therefore, the BJYM demands that the state government and the MBOSE should immediately apologize for this torti, and should also clarify whether they have received permission from the Syiem or Hima before publishing. can you court.
HANM Narpuh Circle also strongly condemns the threat against the HANM leader and at the same time urges the law enforcement authorities to arrest the perpetrator immediately. This was announced by the President of the party, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture said that the government has allocated 46 Processing Units such as houses to work, harvesting machines and other necessities in 21 Block in the district. 10 Districts.
The FKJGP demanded that the government should pay T.5 lakh to the victims of the Boldamgre village under Salsella, the teacher and the family member of the victim.
They still assume that the state governor should be neutral.
During the race, there will also be a visit to the battlefields of 1971 and this battle is memorable because it was this battle that brought about the the independence of Bangladesh.
Police have urged private individuals or political parties to inform the police if they receive such messages by calling 03658-2 9402324646 (Whatsapp) so that the police can track down the perpetrators.
Sending a message to the VHP on the occasion of the Khasi National Awakening Day, the General Secretary of the KSU said, “We don't interfere with the work of the VHP in India. it shall not interfere with the affairs of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The death toll has risen to 7, 3 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi and 3 in West Jaintia Hills.
After the completion of the lehniam from Mei Mawbuh, it was the next turn to climb to the altar of Sohpetbeng, where the Riew Tymmen Riew San went to the courthouse to judge. he asked for the judgment of the Lord God with the righteous.
DDG (Rural) Dilip Kumar and DDG (Security) RK Maheshwari were also present along with BBNL employees including Shamad Mahajan.
Among the newly created districts, the highest number of newly registered districts is South West Khasi Hills with 3052 districts.
Since the beginning of the rise in 2000, the khaweh khawkdang has been given by the Syiemsad Hima Mawbuh with the blessing and has been named in the dorbar of the longsan mansan Raij of the Rangslang, Shylla, Manar and Shapely.
He said it is very important to understand the importance of participation in the elections, especially by the youth.
On the other hand, the Congress party, although it is in the midst of a shortage of paid in the House, is hopeful that the candidate for the post of Speaker on the 12th will be elected. Shillong, Lber 07: Out of the 59 MLAs who won the election, 58 MLAs were sworn in in the Legislative Assembly today. Preterm Speaker Timothy Shira.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Trade Department as part of the fight against the illegal trade of foreigners. They went to Laitumkhrah area to raid shops without proper documents.
The BSf urged the people to work together to fight against them.
Shillong, March 19: Mallikarjun Khargre won the presidential election by 6825 votes against Shashi Tharoor.
We are conducting a thorough investigation into the motive behind this crime,” said Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills District Rituraj Ravi in ​​a statement sent to the media on Friday.
The meeting was conducted by the President of FKJGP-SEBA Circle, Bah Mathew Pajat and received many speeches of congratulations from many of the leaders of the FKJGP-SEBA Circle. residents of Lama Village.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Congress MDCs in GHADC today sent a letter to CEM Benedic R Marak requesting him not to delay in paying the salaries of the remaining employees. now it's been a year.
Referring to the ISBADS scheme for Dalu, the Minister said that it will be looked into and if it is not within the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the allocation will be withdrawn.
Advertisers and advertising management teams must obtain this certificate for all new advertisements to be released on or after July 18,
He said that the union has found it difficult to improve the ground and he is pleased that the government will provide assistance to the union in the repair of the ground.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The relationship between the past and the present in the military has not been thoroughly explored and written as such.
KHNAM said that the allowance of foreigners to trade illegally will pose a serious threat to the minority community, especially when we have seen the infiltration of foreigners in the name of trade.
In a statement issued by B Sungoh President of the party, the party said that the party will continue to monitor the fact that many Khasi girls go to drink kiad in restaurants, as this is an immoral and degrading act. like girls would do this kind of thing.
Police suspect that these groups have blown up a police vehicle in Nongkra in the past few days.
As a Director, this is the second time that she has been selected to receive this award but in 2018 she did not win at all but this time she has won by winning the award. the prize.
The Market Complex will also be an effort to improve the traffic in the Sohra Market.
The reason given by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District for closing down these mining sites under Section 144 CrPC is that all the mining activities are illegal because they have not received any permission. from the authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Association of Qualified Grade-IV, 2011 East Khasi Hills District (DHS) has given a deadline of 5th July 2013 to the DHS to close the application form. those who have been appointed shall not be appointed under this department.
The collapse of this road has affected the residents of Nongthymmai village starting from Pyndensohsaw village and hundreds of villages affected by this collapse.
' Let's take chess to the country.
Phewse you don't have a terrible purpose.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will never allow crime to spread in the state and will fight to curb crime.
The AJYWO demands that the government department in charge of this road should immediately repair all the damaged parts of the road and turn it into a fish pond otherwise the AJYWO will not be able to call for a strong protest.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Tripura State Museum today decided to change the name of the Tripura State Museum Ujjayanta Palace to the Tripura State Museum. to keep up the old name.
He said that the law will do what it needs to do (SP News).
Therefore, the KSU requests the cooperation of all to understand the importance of this bridge and respect the rule of law.
The winning schools were awarded trophies.
According to the SP News Agency, the road to Sohra after entering from Umtyngar is bad and this has put many people going to Sohra which is the center of the state as a tourist destination. The whole world knows the snowfall.
The attention of the staff of this block has also brought about a change in the working methods in different villages of this area and has also encouraged the people to turn and trust this office.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Cabinet has decided to introduce a bill to increase the Meghalaya Contingency Fund from Rs 105 crore to the Legislative Assembly. 205 crore, the bill will be introduced in the House in the upcoming session.
By reducing more than 30,000 mandatory duties, repealing more than 1500 laws, removing the illegality of various sections of the Companies Act, it has ensured that companies in India are moving forward and books to new cliffs.
The PM-WANI is to provide ease of doing business and to encourage small shops and small businesses to become Wi-Fi Hotspots or Public Data Offices ( PDO).
The union during the inspection found that these foreign drivers and even the owners of foreign vehicles do not have the necessary documents from the district council.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Meghalaya government will implement the National Food Security Program from 5th July this year.
Application forms are available at the NCSC-DA, DGE, MoLE, Third Floor, DECT Building, Keating Road, Shillong, Meghalaya.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Auditorium, the Union Minister said that the goal of the Union Government is, “You will be treated in India and come for treatment in India”. to the government to improve the health system in all aspects by increasing the number of seats for Doctoral Studies.
Regarding the complaint of the Rangbah, the Thyllaw Border Unit urges the law enforcement authorities to arrest these criminals immediately and punish them according to the law.
On this day, different states performed their traditional dances along with music.
Shillong, March 6: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that the total expenditure on the fight against COVID-19 from October to the end of November It has amounted to T.399 crore and this expenditure is from various heads.
It is to be recalled that these clashes between KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP leaders came after Bah Paul Lyngdoh applied for ticket as the UDP candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong constituency. The UDP has agreed to give the ticket without any consent.
The party has taken action against the MDCs who have not listened to the party's decision to withdraw their support from the PDF to the EC of KHADC. Tura, Iaiong : Three persons have been injured in a blast in parts of Garo Hills and these people have been taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment.
During the last hearing of the Commission, the police informed the Commission that they have been searching for the policeman but have not found him for 10 years.
“This bloodshed is also a sign of the violence against Christians in which more than 249 churches have been destroyed in the Imphal Valley of Manipur,” the petition said. it has affected all men, women and children and besides the loss of homes.
These tournaments also show that if you work as a team and dedicate yourselves, there is absolutely nothing you cannot do," he said.
The union also strongly condemns the infiltration which has been allowed without checking the entry and exit of foreigners through the check gate and has warned that if it continues to be found, the union will not hesitate to install it. infiltration Check whether you have entered the country.
At the same time, the BSF also seized 100 grams of heroin which is used in the intoxication of people.
Dr DRL Nonglait, Chief Executive Officer, Khasi Authors' Society.
The NPP will win some of these seats but will not be able to form a government.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: The development of society and the state in all aspects depends on the understanding and cooperation between many churches to implement activities related to the welfare of the residents, said Mr. Staising Kharbet.
We also share information with neighboring states in order to prevent.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Police have recovered the body of a young man aged 25 to 35 years from Jan MES Umkaliar. Shillong.
“It's just because they came from these containment zones that all the people have positive cases of COVID-1
In this regard, it is also necessary to blame the people who gave their support, because the Board also takes their opinion, because in many cases it takes the decision of the majority.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has deployed Special Investigation Teams to ensure the smooth running of the Assembly elections in Meghalaya to be held on 27/2/2
Not only that, the Government of India's secret intention to proceed with the construction of the two lane road in the area has been revealed through the Government's refusal to withdraw the Environmental Clearance to Uranium mines in Domiasiat and Mawthabah were awarded by the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change in December
With the receipt of this fund, the PWD will now be able to expedite the construction of the road from Hynniewmer Upper Shillong to Jingjal in Garo Hills. to pay the due amount of land taxes and to government departments.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that the census will start from the Chief Minister to the MDCs and government employees.
These awards are announced every year on Republic Day.
However, there has been a rumor that the central government will not grant the ILP in Meghalaya.
In the complaint, TUR alleges that the CAA 2019 is against and violates the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution, such as the right to equality before the law (art 14), the right to freedom and the right to freedom of belief (art 21), the right to freedom of religion and worship (art 25) and the right to privacy (right to privacy recently proclaimed by the SC).
He expressed his concern over the election of the Chairman of the VDC by majority. This word is against our custom because the election in the village is on the basis of 'who gets' “Consensus is not a majority because it means that the winner is enough to win by 10 votes,” he said. “We don't hold votes to elect Nongsynshar Shnong. , for it leads to destruction.
Regarding the disappearance of this youth, the union has gone to search for him but until now they have not found him. The union urges the public if anyone has found him. and see him they will be pleased to inform the organization.
Indian farmers have already contributed T.120 crore for this project.
Since the incident on the 20th of June, the Dorbar Shnong has immediately held a meeting on the 24th of June and decided not to allow the sale of goods after 10:00 pm. At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has formed the Village Defense Party (VDP) and directed the shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in front of their shops.
Speaking to reporters in the capital of India, he said that during these three days of the festival, there will be many games, songs, traditional costume competitions. attract more tourists.
In this era, it has been seen that the sale of food and beverages has become unstoppable, but the ITC has ensured that the processing of food and beverages is in accordance with the rules. who are locked up that drinks and food are clean.
Like our electricity businesses, we are working towards a transformation of the transportation sectors in India.
At the public meeting, National President Conrad K. Sangma said that the sudden death of former Minister Manirul Islam Sarkar is a great loss to the party. His brother SG Esmatur Mominin (Rohibul) from Phulbari who is also an MDC in GHADC has decided to contest against him. The MLAs from Khasi Hills and as the Chief Minister of the state will be from Khasi Hills because the party will have many from the Khasi Hills.
The Meghalaya government has agreed to open a passport office in Shillong in 2014 which was inaugurated by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. state in Lower Lachumiere.
In its dealings with other countries, mutual respect and a broad and multi-faceted approach have allowed India to take decisions that benefit the country and for the common good.
Two of them are doctors, one from Civil Hospital Shillong and one from Nazareth Hospital. Four others are undergoing treatment at Robert Hospital. cases at NEIGRIHMS, 4 cases at Bethany Hospital.
The Chief Minister said that the MLA of the area, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang, has also visited the area.
This year, as the country celebrates the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav as a mark of 75 years of Independence, the Ministry of AYUSH has launched the 100 days counting which started on there was participation of 100 teams.
During the inspection, the union found that this garbage dump not only produces pollution which affects the health of the passengers but has also become a place to sell and drink drugs. I used to do these evil things when I was young.
The Chief Minister told the Union Home Minister that the coal mining ban has affected the income of the people as well as the income of the state government.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The KSU Langkynma Area Unit will hold a public rally on the 12th June 2017 from Nonghyllam to Nongjri starting at 11 am at the office of the KSU in Nonghyllam. to Nongjri.
The KHADC has four districts, Ri Bhoi, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills.
On the first day there will be workshops for the students and on the following days there will be many programmes.
Shillong, July 10: The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board today said that the office has received information that unidentified persons have collected money with fake receipts in the name of the Shillong Municipal Board.
The NPP urges the state government and the central government to invite the rebel groups to talks for peace talks for the sake of peace in the state, he said.
He said that there is no need to improve the old structure by trying to hide behind it by improving and reducing it more than it has been in the past.
The names of the four candidates will be announced in the coming days, which may also include the name of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA of Nongkrem constituency from the UDP party. Ardent has recently decided to join the UDP, but the HSPDP has been ready to accept him through the party president Hopingstone Lyngdoh. I will wait for the last word from the MLA to inform the party.
Assistant Physiotherapist for Gujarat Giants, Sentilemla Imsong (Nagaland), who won half a hundred runs from NE Zone in the Senior Women Inter-Zonal, Debasmita Dutta (Meghalaya). Neizekho Rupreo (Nagaland) took the most wickets in the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy.
On the other hand, the Speaker urged the MACS to go to the villagers to explain the cause of the disease and the Meghalaya Legislator Forum is ready to assist in this regard. As it is now, all the MLAs will contribute 1000 tyngka for this good work from their scheme.
The total number of voters to elect the 59 MPs is 10,01,75,000 and the total number of candidates contesting in these constituencies is 918 and the total number of polling stations is 1,120 .
MeghalayaShillong, June 19: U Rubal Rana, a smuggler of cattle from Bangladesh, has escaped from the hands of the BSF. A BSF personnel from Gunjangpara village in South West Garo Hills district have been arrested.
According to a letter sent to Dr Lapang by the president of the NPP, he said that he has been appointed as Chairman of the NECC. Shillong, July 22: The Coordination of Hynniewtrep Social Organization (CoHSO) today convened a meeting of political parties, Rangbah Shnongs, civil society organizations and parents to discuss the issue of The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 which the BJP government in Delhi wants to pass.
Jowai, November 02: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (NESO) has strongly opposed the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 of the Government. India wants to accept Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan as Indians.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: A severe cold weather has hit West Jaintia Hills District today at noon, but the village most affected by the cold weather is Shangpung.
Duia said he lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station and Ialamphrang Lyngdoh lodged a complaint at Rynjah Police Station.
Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang, CEO of MHIS, in the presence of doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and officials of the New India Insurance Company. Limited together with private hospitals met today at Laitumkhrah to discuss this issue.
In his speech, Father Shadap said that women should not pollute the environment by eating and drinking through tobacco and kwai. make bih.
The purpose of the Act is to protect the elderly from being discriminated against in their old age by their family members and for those who do not have a place of residence the government should build houses. In all districts of Meghalaya, there are two residential areas run by Sisters.
The air contains nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide, water vapor, parts of the atmosphere and other parts.
The women don't know what the Dorbar Shnong decides, but when the Dorbar Shnong takes a decision, they have their own sangot to inform the public what they decide within the Dorbar Shnong. .
The Open Category is not a General Category in which only Non-Tribals can be included, but the word Open itself clearly states that all Tribals or Non-Tribals can be included in this category on merit.
The Maitri scheme is a vision to move forward with this initiative designed to empower and encourage the construction of residential buildings throughout the North East of India.
After the training, the President of India, Pranap Mukherjee took part in a photo session.
We request the Government and the Government authorities to protect the residents and to prevent such bloody incidents in the state,” he said. At the same time, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has said that as a party that respects the Constitution of India and the principles of law The Government of Meghalaya has strongly condemned the killing of a foreign mystery worker in Mawlai Mawroh recently.
The HNLC leader, who came to surrender to the police after being within the party for the past 21 years, has been in the custody of the police and on the part of the police. Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) has expressed its satisfaction with the receipt of accurate information. The Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) today informed the union that the 1st quarter of the salary of deficit teachers has been released today from the DSEL office for the three months of October to January 2017.
In a letter sent today, the CEM of KHADC said that the letter was sent after a meeting of 21 MDCs who attended the meeting to take this decision against the KHADC. Government's plan to implement CrPC and CPC in District Council areas.
The Committee has met many times in many meetings where many people have come to take part in the meetings and this Bill has been established as a descent from the mother.
The climb is also part of the Dorbar Raij Mawbuh in the Hima Mylliem together with the Seng Khasi Kmie which is responsible and conducted by the Lyngwiar Korbarkam or Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
According to information received, this happened on Saturday at about 3:00 pm.
The issuance of this order is because the entry of commercial vehicles into these two markets has caused a lot of trouble to the traffic police and endangered the traffic of the people due to the congestion.
Iswanchi K Sangma is the wife of Pejush Marak, resident of Jogogre village under Bajengdoba Police station. The mother and son have been missing since and it is not yet known where it is.
The Congress Youth Wing leader said that the reason why the Congress did not want the ILP in the past was that the state had the Land Transfer Act, the districts had only the Land Transfer Act. The laws of the state shall not apply to the laws of the state.
The MPIF includes the KHADC, KSU, HYC, FKJGP, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities and the people.
The CEM of KHADC said that while the boundary cannot be resolved, the people should rat, the call to the chiefs today is to work together and not to give reasons, this is not the job of the KHADC. no of no is the responsibility of the nation.
Therefore, we demand and urge all the 40 MDCs to pay their MDC salary only 1/8 share and to appeal to the Supreme Court to get the right to implement the ILP. The letter was signed by Rastingwel Thabah, Chairman and Egenstar Kurkalang, Secretary.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor expressed his gratitude to the founders who have come a long way in teaching the youth to shape their future. community.
"There has never been such a demand for oxygen for medical purposes in the history of India," Modi said.
Their desire to increase the Khasi-Jaintia to 48% should also include the Garo people who are allowed to enter the Khasi Hills as the Garo people living in the Khasi Hills are too backward.
Regarding this, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken many measures to fight against this. The Directorate of Prosecution and the rules of this government have already been drafted, if it does not exist it will be a big problem.
During the inspection, the union found that some households in the Mawkhar circle are still employing non-native workers.
The AJYWO Central Body also urges the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), the District Authorities of Jaintia Hills and other authorities in charge of the construction of this road to expedite the construction of the road. which is all necessary for the expedited construction of the road for the safety and security of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The KSU Laban Circle today lodged a petition with the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal occupation of foreigners in Mahadev Khola.
Only the Saipan and Marwari leaders have benefited from the failure of the policy,” he said. “As a nation, we have not lost hope and it is up to the people whom they will empower in the upcoming elections. .
The union is ready to cooperate with the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in order to bring peace and stability in the communities and to eradicate many kinds of crimes. bad.
Shillong, March 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Hills District today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh requesting the government to improve and promote the Health Centers in Amlarem Civil Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the petrol bomb blast on government offices, the government should investigate thoroughly and not blame the civil society.
“I spoke to him because I was suspicious and I saw that he was holding a stem powder in his hand and I immediately informed the President of FKJGP Shillong City.
Serenity Choir, Shlem Ki Sur, Trinity Choir, Music Ministry and soloists including Grace Maureen Sohliya, Gracyl Ropmay, Manbhalang Syiemlieh, Anderson Damond Warlarpih, YU4C, Stacy Passah, Marcus Passah and others will come to take part in this day.
INC is from Moothlong-Sohkymphor.
He said that so far the number of people who have lost their lives has reached
Currently, this treatment is only approved for people who are seriously ill.
Even in these days we see in the media that even coal trucks have been burnt down, and in these same places many more paradoh parasnam have been intimidated, bombed, shot and injured by a group of robbers.
Shillong, July 08: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Information and Technology, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, demanding that the government should take action against the government. ei ei regarding the employment of state residents in mobile operating companies in Meghalaya.
In the junior 40 kg category, gold medals went to Kiran Malai, silver to Rosterwell Thangkhiew and bronze to Banteilang Maiong and Bankyrshan Lyngdoh.
They oversee the wells, the water reservoirs, the forests, the fields, and the wells.
Speaking to reporters after witnessing the proposal to cut ksainar shiah in the area, Bah Shylla said that on Tuesday he will write. to the State Government that there should be a coordination between the State Government, KHADC and the Government of India (GOI).
As soon as she was robbed, she ran away and the people who were passing by saw this and ran away and arrested one of the robbers while the other escaped.
At the meeting, NESO Chairman Jyrwa said that such an incident is not the first time and the incident in Nagaland has brought back memories of what happened in the past years. Residents of Manipur, Nagaland have suffered at the hands of the army.
In the meeting with the Minister, the KSU also requested to appoint more nurses, one ANM nurse and also a Public Health Nurse in the PHC as there are currently four nurses. They have done too much work for them.
Besides Shella constituency, the Election Commission has also announced that the by-elections in 64 Assembly constituencies in 18 constituencies will be held on the 21st of March and the polling day will be on the 24th of March. throughout India.
At this meeting held today, the Government has decided to set up all the COVID-19 Committees in the villages, districts and up to the government level to work together to fight against the spread of the disease. this is the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the same day, the KSU Mawïongrim Unit also confirmed the new office bearers of the KSU Mawïongrim Unit for the term of office 2024-2 President Biangbor L. Paliar, Sports Secretary Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant Secretary Mawlai Circle Donboklang Sawkmie, Assistant Finance Secretary Robert Khongsit and others.
Furthermore, the union strongly condemns the BSF in this area for allowing Bangladeshis to enter and leave at will in order to destroy the rice fields of the border people.
Also present on the occasion was Abhijit Singh, Head of Apollo Hospital, Guwahati. He said that in India the birth rate is 2.5 lakh per annum and there are 8 births per 1000 births. high blood pressure and one of the reasons for their suffering is that the mother drinks alcohol during pregnancy.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The North Eastern Hill University (NHIU) will hold a ceremony to honor the students who have passed from the university on Saturday. Dharmendra Pradhan will be the chief guest in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, July 15: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday reminded that there is an order of the High Court of Meghalaya in which It deals with protests such as curfew, road blockade and other protests which violate the rights of the people under Articles 19 and 21 of the Constitution.
In the competition held at Umsning in Ri Bhoi District, Pillar'z from Nongpoh was the winner and US FREAKS came second.
“This meeting of the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma with the Prime Minister of India is not just a meeting but he has discussed issues related to the state as a whole. there is a need for support from the central government.
The government should not start by intimidating the leaders of the Sengbhalang through those summon notices and so on because it will only anger the members of the Sengbhalang if the government does not immediately order the police department to stop. The government itself will have to take responsibility if any unpleasant incidents occur.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing promised to take the matter to the Union of Three Kurs of Kharkongor, Kharshiing and Kharlor to investigate the matter.
Shillong, July 17: To mark the National Road Safety Week, the Shillong Police today launched an awareness campaign on the need to follow the rules of driving to avoid injuries. and those who violate the rules of driving.
In the complaint, Lalan also named the abductors as Givinda Singh, Gudu Kumar, Amrish Kr Rai and Rajesh Kumar Rai, all from Shillong. Police are investigating the incident.
As leaders, they have to find another way to protect the state and the North East and to protect the country as a whole. Dr Mukul Sangma today said that for the benefit of the people of the state and the country, they have decided to leave the Congress party and join the TMC. They have not been able to provide adequate services to the people of the state. The reason is that their peace has been sent to be heard. one of India.
He alleged that 5G is linked to the Corona virus and
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police have been conducting searches day and night to detect drunk drivers, motorcyclists without helmets and who put iong in their chariots.
Speaking to the media after the competition, he sent this message to all, “To avoid entertaining the youth, in the dances” when the youth are involved in various sports, they are free. from being misled, Harsh said.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The illegal ringing of lights in rural areas by installing wires from the electricity poles of MeECL continues till today. MeECL has covered their eyes when they see it.
The party welcomes the single lane road worth Rs 20 crore and also the proposal to send for the construction of roads in the areas where traffic is not available.
Referring to the cost of MUDA to get the certificate, the Minister said that there are laws but the officers do not follow them.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the EJMCM&OA, Bah H Deolangki Dkhar, said that it is sad that tens of thousands of residents of East Jaintia Hills District have been affected by the floods. The statement said that the NGT has banned the mining and trade of coal. The statement said that the strike of the people of EJHD has started and The question now is who will take responsibility for the suffering of the residents of East Jaintia Hills due to the NGT order? Through this statement, the EJMCM&OA said that In fact, the NGT, before banning the mining of coal in Meghalaya, should have taken an impartial decision from both sides.
Referring to the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency, Matbah said the party will work hard to ensure that the party leader Eugeneson Lyngdoh will win from this constituency.
These vehicles have CCTVs using GPS so that parents do not know where their children have reached and the drivers and supervisors have been trained to drive these vehicles and before implementing MTC, NIC Meghalaya, NIC Uttarakhand, Traffic Police and Road Construction Department have been involved in the operation of these vehicles through STEMS. The award was presented to STEMS for its ability to work together with many teams to drive vehicles.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Replying to a question by B. Rani MDC Nongpoh, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute (KHADC) said that the construction of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute at Lum Sohpetbneng has been completed. this bag.
The government has to pay T.478 to ICICI Lombard, the health insurance company in the state, for one MHIS card.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 218 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. The total number of cases so far is
Speech was delivered by Bah Banshai Marbaniang who said that most of the residents who work in various jobs from Muster Roll, ASHA, Aganwadi and others. Domestic Workers often face difficulties especially when they hear many announcements from the State Government and even the Central Government as well as issued for the benefit of the small towns when they work, but they went away without reaching their hands even a little, even after they had finished the work.
Focusing on the North East, SCOPE has conducted another workshop on the Right to Information in Shillong.
Regarding the tuition fees, the Government has accepted the announcement issued by the Ministry of Education and this has been issued by the Government in which schools receiving assistance from the Government will be 50% of the tuition fees. private schools will always be free.
To date, 57 airports including 5 heliports and 2 aerodomes along with 347 runways have been operational under the UDAN scheme across India.
The construction of this road has caused problems to the vehicles passing through this road especially if they are sick or injured. street.
Has this person been killed and broken her body or for other reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Chairman of the JHADC, Bah Arborhima Darnei, on Tuesday said that the resignation of former Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Thombor Shiwat has been informed inside the House. dorbar today and to the Governor of the State.
“This resignation of me and my team from the party is not a blind decision but on the right grounds because as one of the youth. of Shella area who has the responsibility and who wants to share the responsibility to carry and leave for the people of the area as a whole to serve with a pure spirit and I have spent many years serving the area and the nation as a whole.
According to the scheme, all those who have registered so far have been approved by the District Magistrates and Post Office accounts have been opened for the beneficiaries under this scheme.
This was announced by the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday while counting the number of voters among women, youth and persons with disabilities.
In fact, according to the information received, the Visitor of NEHU has not issued any order to Prof. SM Sungoh as alleged by the VC. .SM Sungoh and even if there is such a directive, that order is for the Executive Council of NEHU but not for Prof. Sungoh himself as a member of the EC. Prof. SK Srivastava has sent a letter to her alleging that she has not complied with the orders of the authorities and this letter has been placed in her personal file.
He also said that the RT-PCR tests should be increased to 70% of all the tests by increasing the capacity to complete the RT-PCR tests. there is a possibility of transmitting the virus to others in the absence of adequate protective measures, consulted on the establishment of contact tracing of positive cases which is crucial to control the spread of the disease in society.
He was also known as Friday and Friday.
However, it can be brought back only in the next session under the authority of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
It may be recalled that the HYNF of Ri Bhoi District had met with the CEM of KHADC last month to complain that there has been excessive responsibility by the village leaders in this regard. and you don't have to write a place.
He informed that the Under-17 World Cup will be held in India in 2017 and he hopes that Meghalaya will produce talented players and will be a training ground for the youth in this sport. suddenly boll.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The road at Lait Mynsang village, Mawkynrew C&RD Block which leads to Jatah and Syntung has collapsed and turned into a rice field in the middle of the road. It's been three months since I cleaned it.
“In his speech, Manoj Sinha, Lieutenant Governor, Jammu and Kashmir said, “The Vistadome coach between Banihal and Budgam is a major step by the Railway Ministry in the development of the Union. territory.
Sangma said there are about 300-400 vacant posts.
Welcoming the participants, Dr Ramgopal Laha, Head of ICAR, in his speech, said that ICAR is looking forward to the development of agriculture. The meeting was held today to discuss the best way to do this because this area is suitable for these crops. the whole area.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Explaining the allegation by the HNLC, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the allegation of the HNLC is false and fabricated. , said the Prime Minister in a statement released today.
Speaking at the ceremony, the General Secretary of the FKJGP Central Body, Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh, said that as a nation, we should break the rumors that the FKJGP Central Body We are like thams fighting to destroy each other but as a nation we must strengthen ourselves by being supporters and encouragers to develop each other.
While the parking lots in Khlieh Iewduh, Iew Mawlong and Anjalee have been built on the border of the parking lot, many residents have asked whether the parking lots have been built to park vehicles or not. shops in this shortage of parking spaces.
HDR Lyngdoh, who passed away a few days before the last MLA election, may have left the Congress party and will resign. He said that it depends on the wisdom of the people of Sohiong.
He said it is sad that the people have to face such problems and it can also make the people not want to register their land with the DC. it is also like killing this law.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya government has set up a committee to look into the entry and exit points of foreigners coming to the state, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. the cabinet.
On this occasion, a meeting was held with the participation of the parents of the students of Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha. and the guests were invited through various programs from the school children including traditional dances, special songs and dances, Drama, Tiny Toys Perform, Fashion Show and others. of that program.
Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, Nongstoin MLA Maxmilan Byrsad and other NPP MLAs were also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony. , in the presence of former Speaker of the House Martin M Danggo.
Shillong, Lber 27: Answering a question by Ardent Basaiawmoit on the number of people in the state who have received protection, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that there are currently 103 people.
In the morning at 10 am, to spread awareness about diabetes and blindness through diabetes, a rukthuk rally was held in Shillong and the rally was opened by the Superintendent of Police. of East Khasi Hills District, Mr. Davis NR Marak.
Hundreds of houses have been damaged and many vehicles have been damaged.
He said the G20 meetings are appropriate opportunities to showcase the values, rights and opportunities available in the region.
In this regard, the authorities in charge of peace and order in the district have warned the party that the law will take action.
Required documents and other detailed information can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong and from the Rangbah Shnongs of the above mentioned villages.
On the other hand, the President of HANM said that besides these two, other things that the MDA government has tried to do according to the demand of the people is to relocate the Themmetor which will not be affected but this government. This government has tried, the border with Assam which has been in existence for 50 years, this government has taken action.
The Seng is pleased to learn that this Heprit has been selected by the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Shillong to train herself in this field of training for talented youth in sports.
Shillong, March 14: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), Shillong License Service Area (LSA) on Tuesday held a workshop on the topic of 'Electromagnetic Radiations from Mobile Towers' TAFCOP) in Shillong.
I welcome and if anyone wants to upgrade the Civil Sub-Division within 50 years and if you can't don't criticize,” said Bah Danggo. he shall rule over the people.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Byndhihat area also attended the ceremony and thanked the BSF troops for their contribution to the village and the backward area by providing free medical treatment to the people. It is to bring about reconciliation between the people and the army that has destroyed the country.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has violated the rules and regulations relating to the preservation of customs and traditions. appointment of chiefs including Daloi.
Prestone said the government, when it acts, acts for the sake of the state.
While Government agencies have initiated programs to encourage these activities, this policy now plans and provides essential activities for the advancement of this industry in a systematic manner.
These demands were handed over to the NESO leader to take to the Assam government to convey the plight of the Khasi in Assam.
KHNAM strongly condemns this violence of the government and if the government wants to complete the railway project, KHNAM demands that it should first introduce an Inner Line Permit to stop the mynder and maintain the ownership of the railway project. we are the owners of the country.
The day was marked by parades by the Army, Police, NCC and the Red Cross Society.
On the other hand, Dr. Sandy Syiem, who is in charge of Sanker Hospital, expressed his gratitude to the MLA for his initiative.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Father said that the land for the construction of the school will be about 42,000 thousand sq feet. It is located in West Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
“If the BJP government does not implement the CAB, it is because the BJP government forces us to appeal to the United Nations, we have the right to protect our nation. .
In one of the articles carried by one of the members of BJYM, it was written that they need to get electricity 24 hours a day and at a low price, another carried a placard. 15% of the funds allocated have been used and the remaining 85% have been used.
During the meeting, the participants discussed the main issues of education in accordance with the National Education Policy, as well as the Barik Heritage Park which is planned to be turned into a heritage and cultural park. The SICPAC has been established at a cost of Rs 151.32 crore.
Apbor Nongrum President HPF Ri Bhoi Unit and Lesphar Mawlong President Tyrso Branch urged the government to upgrade the Tyrso Sub-Centre to a PHC to help the people of Tyrso Branch. Tyrso area, which has dozens of villages.
The film was shot this morning at Khyndailad and the part shot at Khyndailad is about Sohniam tra from Meghalaya. The director of the film Tom Allter has said that the film was shot at Khyndailad. Take the soh niamtra from the two children who were trying soh in the area.
“We don't want the NGT to have to fight on this issue but we demand that the JHADC should pass strong laws to protect them,” said Samla Emperor Bareh General Secretary of the JSU. The JSU has brought before the CEM “to fix the boundary of all the Elaka in Jaintia Hills”.
When asked how much the influx of foreign tourist vehicles has affected us, Bah Dohling said, “It has affected us 100 percent.
In his speech, Dr. Samudra Gupta Kashyap said that this book looks at the bravery and selflessness of the people of this region, by shedding light on their contribution to the freedom struggle. of the country.
Shillong, March 02: U Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai Constituency and Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that he is ready to contest the Lok Sabha MP election you ibit.
“However, when they did not allow us to discuss this issue in the Legislative Assembly, we had to hold protests to force the government to amend this policy which is unfair and unfair. ," Ardent said.
He said that the country has been blessed with the hard work of the farmers.
He said that he had listened with confidence that the police would do whatever was necessary, but his name came up again, so he met with the HNYF leaders to discuss this and now he has come to clarify. Kyrshan Khymdeit, brother of Synshar Khymdeit, said that his brother would not be able to do those jobs as alleged. He said this as a brother because he knew that his brother was not such a person and that is why they called the police.
In his speech, Bah SS Syiemlieh promised to take responsibility for this matter and to inform the Rangbah Shnong Samasi to investigate this matter together with the KSU but unfortunately no information has been received yet. You have not yet contacted the DC's office.
FKJGP leaders in an interview with the media said that according to the RTI reply, these roads have reached 6.335 kilometers of which the distance is only 2 kilometers while the remaining distance is 4.335 kilometers. There has been no faithfulness until now.
In another public meeting, the NPP President addressed the Yaiskul Constituency where Huidrom Vikramjit Singh is the party candidate. take part and support the party.
In this incident, the KSU members who were present at the scene managed to drive away the people from Karbi and the children escaped from the paid attempt of the people from Karbi. buid to disrupt the meeting.
It was reminded that all the scriptures speak of one theme that is to help the poor brother.
The Office of the Prime Minister has announced a compensation of T.2 lakh from the PMNRF to the families of those who lost their lives and T.50,000 to those who were injured.
Jowai, July 16:The Government of India from time to time encourages the youth to take advantage of the beauty of nature in the state by building tourist attractions and residential buildings. For the tourists in their own villages, this will be an employment opportunity.
“I have had the opportunity to talk, meet and work with him (Mr. Standling) over the years.
On the other hand, the Minister said that this is a new scheme and there are some mistakes here and there.
The introduction of the Myth vs Reality Register is a milestone in the ongoing work of the ECI to protect the electoral process from the spread of unfounded information.
In a letter, Gopal Kumar Under Secretary, Ministry of Education, Government of India said that the UGC has already received a request from the Government of Meghalaya and Nagaland through the National Testing Agency to allow colleges to join hands with the Central Universities in these States to enroll students as in the past without using the CUET for the year 2024-2
Civil society organizations including MPUF, HNPF, JSU-Laskein Block Circle, JSU-Shangpung Unit, KSU-Shangpung Unit have done whatever is necessary by returning these Khar poi to the village. their.
Although the colors of the indigenous peoples are a way to promote and preserve their indigenous customs and traditions, the colors and forms of the present age have reflected the original images of indigenous life in the past. quoted from snaps of traditional tribal photographs.
No.Health.119/2009/Pt.
However, the CAA 2019 does not take into account all these and tries to deprive us of our rights and to eradicate us completely from the face of the earth.
The Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team has been trained by the Sport Committee of KSU Nongthymmai Circle and the opening ceremony of the shlem is part of the efforts to encourage and encourage the youth in the field of physical activity. alcoholic beverages especially the prevalence of drugs in society.
On the 31st of this month, there will be a meeting convened by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma with various civil society groups. Another meeting of the committee at 2:30 pm and once again invited the VPP to attend this meeting so that the committee can hear the recommendations of the committee. .
In another case of Garcia Bareh's murder, it was decided that the mother of Bina Bareh will take care of these two children aged 5 and 12 years old. report ensuring that there will be adequate financial assistance for the beloved 62-year-old mother to care for the grandchildren.
After investigation, the youth confessed that he had done the job together with his friends who promised to come back by car when the job was done.
Shillong, November 14: The Secretary to the District Council Affairs of the State Government, Bah Taining Dkhar, on Tuesday said that after receiving all the counting of votes for the MDC election, He said that in KHADC it is 75.02pc and in JHADC it is 87.51pc.
“I look forward to your cooperation with the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency so that we can move forward together like others. other constituencies,” he said.
The unemployment of the youth contributes to the growth of drugs, alcohol, prostitution and other crimes in the state.
Mr. Dkhar has completed his Master Class 2018-19 from the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship.
He said the new Parliament would strengthen the country's faith in victory and encourage everyone for Viksit Bharat.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, said that the mutual understanding between the North Eastern States should be maintained and for this reason both the states. they should resolve this border issue by consensus.
The Seng Khasi Kmie has invited the Governor of Meghalaya to come and witness the Suk Mynsiem festival. The Seng Khasi Kmie has invited the Governor of Meghalaya to attend the festival. They agreed to attend the last day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
Their request for a report from the government on these committees is to look into the working methods and progress of these committees and to examine how these committees are.
Police said Bara was staying with his son-in-law at the godown.
Activities that the government has decided to allow during the days of containment, from 1/05/2021 to 10/5/2021, shops selling food items will be allowed to open only if they fall under the measures The dates and times of this section have been submitted to the DCs to arrange.
Jowai, Naitug 10: The BJP West Jaintia Hill District wishes a happy Behdeinkhlam to the children of the Sein Raij Jowai and also to the children of the Sein Raij Tuber. years and a great deal of the people of Jaintia Hills to hold on to the customs and traditions and to follow those which have been set aside by their ancestors.
It is surprising how the Indian government has introduced this without going through the state government because if you want to introduce Panchayatiraj in the state, you have to come. The Dorbar Shnongs have to understand that this is the introduction of panchayatiraj in the villages.
Shillong, July 15: The Chancellor of CMJ University, CM Jha today sent a letter of explanation to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and all the Ministers of the state. Regarding the directive of the Governor to send an inquiry to the CBI if the CID finds it difficult to do so.
The BSF troops have not been able to curb the illegal entry of Bangladeshi officials into the district to commit crimes,” said Bah Sambormi.
Tribal communities will benefit greatly from this.
The 130 crore people can do this through their small businesses.
Police have now searched for the two heads of the university, M Kaur and Juban Kharpuri. The court has refused to grant anticipatory bail.
Rev Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar was accompanied by the devotees from all over the parishes of Jowai.
Shillong, March 28: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has met with the Secretary of MeECL at Lumjingshai to inquire about the appointment of 772 jugali who have passed and appeared in the merit list. Your notification will be issued by MeECL on 02 Aug
The GHADC Assembly has ended on 15/10/2020 due to the inability to hold elections to the GHADC Assembly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Rule and appointed Dr Vijay Kumar to look after the GHADC until further notice.
The ban on all shops selling these masks and hand sanitizers will remain in force until 30th July 2020, the Secretary said in an order issued today.
On this occasion, there was also a special check for the people of the area to see if there are any cases of bampong.
“It is completely wrong, extremely wrong and unfair, (that the money for development projects is taken by the ram).
“Therefore, tomorrow if you want to set up a Meghalaya House in Assam or Guwahati and if someone says you can't do that, I don't think that would be a good way,” he said.
The Bill was passed by the KHADC in 2018 when Bah HS Shylla introduced the Bill. The Governor has referred the issues to the KHADC and in 2020 the committee was set up to look into the matter.
“Police have not yet found who killed KSU member Lurshai Hynniewta or the policeman who shot dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
MeECL employees have not yet repaired these electricity posts which have collapsed at the time of writing of this news. .
In connection with the relocation of Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapung C&RD Block, the AJYWO also expressed its gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister and especially to the Prestone Tynsong, MLA, and Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA, the two Ministers in charge of the C&RD Department in the past and present, and also Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, Executive. Member of JHADC and also the two Deputy Commissioners of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WR Lyngdoh, IAS and Bah MS Lhuid, IAS. The old and new C&RD Block have been working hard to move the C&RD Block to its present location.
While it takes up to 12 hours to light up, the light goes out at 8.00 pm and the light goes out at 12 or 1.30 pm.
He said that the security forces have only one color and faith. SP Dharkar said that these security forces recognize only patriotism and patriotism.
The Prime Minister said that all those who commit these acts against women and children will be punished according to the law and let others understand that the law exists and those who commit violations of the law will be punished according to the rules. of the law.
The police detonated a bomb inside the shop even though the women had closed their shop.
Shillong, March 30: U Bah Antonio War, Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today replied to the resolution tabled by Bah Lambor Malngiang. 900 trading licenses were issued.
During the march, the ASHA workers wrote on placards that they want the government to recognize them as government employees.
Edmund K Khongngai appealed to the BSF especially the government to take action to protect the people of Riwar as we see that these Bangladeshis want to bring disease to our country through this virus.
The building was destroyed by the great earthquake in 1897 which was rebuilt in
The 100th Anniversary CAC was inaugurated by Tymmen Basan Bah WR Laitphlang in the presence of village officials, youth, children and elders.
Police sent a phone call to him to collect the money from Darong village. On arrival, they found that there were policemen and at this place there was a clash between the police and the members. for ANVC(B).
Prof. Dutta today visited the campus of the University of Science and Technology (USTM) at 9mile.
Besides these illegal drugs, police also seized 46 boxes of Phensedyl, 10 boxes of bottle caps, 1 plastic box of Phensedyl, a Bottling Machine. to clean medicines, two machines or sophisticated machines for the manufacture of medicines.
Two persons have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District and one in West Jaintia Hills District. The number of cases in the state has risen to
Shillong, June 19: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Chiefs of Meghalaya, Sirdarships, Dolloi and Nokmas, has met today. to discuss the letter of KHADC and the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, regarding the amendment of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill 2012 of the Constitution of India.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and sponsored by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, SAI. Indoor Hall.
The most important case was in 1995 in Punjab.
KHNAM has set a target to take strong measures to ensure that the trade of property will return to us the state, to abolish the issuance of trading licenses and to introduce penal laws. strongly Prohibit to prevent corruption.
This road will contribute to the economy of the state and will also reduce the traffic jam on the city roads.
Police have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the rape of Bah Wiliam Nongrum, 36, from Khanduli.
HANM demands that the government should implement the ILP to avoid the illegal entry of foreigners without proper documents to protect the state from the illegal entry of foreigners. .
At present, during the inspection, the Police and the Labor Department have found that many of the villagers who employ foreign workers are fully qualified.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: U Albinus Lyngdoh, President of the PDF Umroi Constituency and former MDC, on Tuesday said that the party should have convened a meeting to discuss the news that two MLAs have joined the NPP because they are not happy.
It was recalled that the Khasi Hills had also sent the draft Schedule to the Government of India in 2003 through the Steering Committee of the Union of Khasi Hills.
All of them are from Shyllet district of Bangladesh.
Replying to additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the delay is due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the last two years and now the implementation of the recruitment arrangements in the departments has come. government.
For the year 2012-13, the village should have received 7,32,460 tyngka, but he said that the village has received only 4,67,160 tyngka (wages) and did not disclose the 2,56,3 (Material).
Because the khantang covers the rum kom ngiet and the thought of the people, not only in the North East but also in the whole world.
He added that the Constitution of the country promotes different customs, religions and languages.
In her speech, the Minister explained about the Poshan Abhiyan and other initiatives of the department.
Hek, who was also present, said that so far eight MLAs from the Congress party have met him but as they have not reached the number of people, the meeting has been postponed.
That the KHADC and JHADC should lose the rights they have received since 1952 because of the GHADC is unacceptable.
He said that the opening of the full office of WMB is one of the parts to improve the employment opportunities of the people, the shops will be of benefit to the people, for Williamnagar the government will improve the shops. The roads inside the city will be improved and there will be a Mini Stadium.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Lumdiengjri Police have arrested four drunk drivers who have caused danger to pedestrians and registered a case against them.
They were among the people who were injured in the tear gas firing by the police and in the protest to enter the Public Hearing.
New Delhi, June 19: The Secretary to the Union Home Ministry has directed the Chief Secretaries of States and Administrators of Union Territories to order all authorities in their areas to take steps to temporarily suspend the supply of oxygen cylinders to the factories.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej Chairman of the Media Cell of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri-U Hynniewtrep.
Titan also offers an Adaptation Guarantee for all Progressive Lenses.
He said that the CAA encourages foreigners to enter the state and this has been seen in what happened in the past few days where civilians and BSF personnel have also been injured. If the Central Government and the State Government cannot resolve this issue, they will not be able to implement it themselves.
He urged the states of the North East to participate in the ongoing National Mission on Edible Oils.
Donyi Polo Airport, Itanagar, In a major step to improve transportation in the North East, the Prime Minister will inaugurate a new airport in Arunachal Pradesh – Donyi Polo Airport, Itanagar. .
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is on the new pension of teachers and staff of Deficit Colleges in the state. Scheme and this will come into force from the date of publication of the Government Notification.
The scheme has been implemented in 161 districts in India and Ri Bhoi District is one of those districts selected to implement the scheme.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 20: Assam Police have raided Umsawli village, Langpih to build a police station in the area.
First in relation to the post of Junior Divisional Accountant (JDA) in the Directorate of Accounts & Treasuries, Meghalaya.
“There are already many places in the North East, including Meghalaya and our Jaintia Hills, where large paid ethnic groups from other states of India have This has put our region, Meghalaya and Jaintia Hills in great danger”.
In India, an estimated 9 million tonnes of plastics have been produced so far and only 9 percent of these have been recycled. niut and spread around to pollute the environment.
Shillong, July 06: People today went to the market to buy food during the curfew in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station from 7 am. morning until 12 noon.
We are also rapidly expanding our petrochemical production, which coincides with significant improvements in living standards and urbanization of areas.
“You have left us, but the Sur Myllung will spread all over the country,” said the President of the KSU, Lambokstarwell Marngar.
However, he urged all the states to prepare themselves to benefit as much as possible and use this golden opportunity in the post-pandemic region.
He said that NEIGRIHMS is located in Meghalaya which is run by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government through an Act of the Union Government passed in Parliament in 1987, and in Meghalaya it is registered in Meghalaya. Companies Act 1983.
It is learned that the Customs have already written to the State Government under the Department of Commerce and Industry but it has not responded to this letter. The State Government should not allow the customs to declare this place as a Car Pass.
As the farmers' union, we demand that the government should introduce the Farmer Commission as they demanded at the Farmer Parliament recently along with other demands that we have put before the government.
This new batch of healthcare providers, armed with the toolkit of Ayush healthcare delivery will help people get the benefits.
The BJP today announced the name of Rikman to contest both the MP constituencies from Meghalaya, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA from Shillong. Shillong, June 02: Agatha K Sangma of the NPP, Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress and Rikman of the BJP have been elected as MPs from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency. Speaking at the election campaign at Madon Polo, Conrad K Sangma said that the National Parties will support the UDP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the MP candidate from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. I don't understand the people of the North East.
It is unthinkable that 80% of the sohphan in Garo Hills has been wasted without proper use.
On the other hand, the Minister urged to ensure that this dam is safe.
Under the NHDP III, the Shillong-Jowai-Ratacherra road under the NH-44 has started construction to upgrade the 104 km road.
Following this, the Government has decided to provide food items to 81 crore people for five years.
At the same time, the Department of Pediatrics has faced a shortage of staff as two of the part-time faculty have expired and two newly appointed Assistant Professors have expired. Paediatrics, they requested to extend their working hours.
If you (Khasi) need foreigners as your employees please inform the Dorbar Shnong so that we can investigate,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Executive Director in charge of Electricity Sales of NEEPCO, NK Mao today wrote to the Executive Director of NEEPCO Electricity Dispatch Center not to supply electricity to MePDCL if it does not pay. The light bill is T.156.70 crore from 15/03/2021 to Saturday or 20/03/2
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the meeting was about the government's plan. to introduce amendments to the MRSS Act.
The ceremony was concluded with traditional songs and dances by the students of schools and colleges of the area. Mairang Presbyterian School, St Thomas secondary school, Mairang Presbyterian Science College, Tirot Sing Memorial College, Mairang Presbyterian Academy School,  Mairang Presbyterian English Secondary School and Khatsaw Phra Secondary School.
However, unfortunately, the law enforcement agencies have arrested the Chief Organizing Secretary and are also searching for the leaders of the party.
At present, the Chief Minister has said that this Act is only to fulfill the demands of the civil society but there has been no action to suspend them. There is no such thing in this state.
The above are the differences between the democracy of India and the Khadar rule of the Dorbar u Khasi.
This increase in the price of petrol and diesel will affect the people at this time when the country and the state are in crisis.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Unit has found a garbage dump on the banks of the Umiew River near Laitlyngkot village.
Candidates who apply should fill in the standard form and send it to the Coordinator, NIT Meghalaya, Business Complex, Shillong, by 3rd November,
“The length of the National Highways in the area has increased from 10,800 km in 2014 to 15,740 km so far.
I warn you and the Government that there is no power that can take away their souls and you don't have a heavy gun to kill them,” said the statement.
The Prime Minister today convened a Cabinet meeting and at this meeting it was decided that all the decisions taken at the meeting yesterday have been canceled and will not work. you're no longer.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has grown stronger and stronger over the years as well as in the number of patriotic youth who have joined it.
The first half was over when Laiwangbohham scored the first goal in the 45th minute to take the lead by 1 goal before half-time.
Shillong, Nailar 30: To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District together with the residents and shopkeepers of Police Bazar today took the initiative to clean up the area. There are many shops in this place.
As it is now, we have followed the example of others by forgetting our own culture, but we must remember our culture to preserve the environment and to preserve the culture and to become participants in the different levels.
If the government is really concerned about the welfare of all and has a responsibility to improve education in the state, it should have called for talks with the teachers and come to an agreement. you can't bring anything good.
Meanwhile, in Shillong, a vehicle (ML-02-0416) driven by a woman has allegedly collided with a Maruti at Dhankheti and Laitumkhrah police have taken her to police. station and they were also able to undergo a medical test.
In 2014, the people of India, who were tired of the corruption and lack of policies of the government at that time, decided to form a strong government under the leadership of Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister. a leader who understands the plight of people dealing with emotion across the country.
He appreciated the initiative of CBC Shillong to work with PM Shri KV Happy Valley, Shillong to hold this program on this special day.
to pave the way for nationwide action to protect the environment in the Antarctic and dependent regions and to ratify the Antarctic Treaty, the Convention on the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources and the Protocol on Environmental Protection. to the Antarctic Treaty and matters relating to or affecting it.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today extended his special greetings to the people of 43-Williamnagar Constituency. The party's candidate Marcius Marak has been elected as their MLA.
Recently, we launched Aditya L1 into orbit.
However, women account for 52% of health related jobs, 44% of education jobs, 41% of financial jobs and 36% of IT/BPO jobs. It is worth mentioning here that more women than men are involved in financial activities.
The first three schools founded by Thomas Jones are now known as Nabon Sawian Memorial Secondary School in Mawmluh, Larsing Khongwir Memorial Secondary School in Mawsmai and Sohra Twa Presbyterian Upper Primary School in Sohra.
At the same time, the Union demanded that the government should introduce a rule to protect ASHAs from being dismissed without any reason.
Suspected militants abducted Kumar from Garobodha while he was on his way to Amapti. The militants abducted him and the driver of the vehicle but released the driver at Rangsakona.
During the march, dongmusa was used to shine lights to express their opposition to the discrimination against women in these days.
Eddy Kery Pohtam, President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, expressed his gratitude to all those involved in the restoration of 108 service in the area from the ChC and PhC doctors and also to the Directors of DHS. and NHM and former SDO of Amalrem Abhilash Baranwal.
New Delhi, Naitung 21: The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah today inaugurated the National Mega Conclave on the launch of Common Services Center (CSC) services by Primary Agricultural Credit Societies. (PACS) in New Delhi today.
“Now, India has been able to protect itself from doubts and through transparent and transparent working methods, clear policy and hard work, we have been able to release two types of medicine for Corona virus.
After the announcement of the closure of the dam, the farmers have complained that there is no market for their produce.
In this regard, the CEM said that according to the Service Rule of KHADC, the office has to write to the officer to ask for clarification before the office can do anything. need.
The meeting said that the government will release T.44 crore which is the share of the state government today, at the same time the government will withdraw T.78 crore from the government's budget. klur and the same amount will be deposited again when the central government releases the salary of SSA teachers. The SSA teachers have been ordered to immediately end their strike and the remaining monthly salary will be paid as soon as the money is received from the central government.
Regarding the government's directive that people should wear masks in public places, but there are still many who do not wear masks, the government should punish them and take action against them. A stronger approach has to be taken because there is still no cure.
These cattle were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
These incidents within the District Councils to show that they are weak are due to all the previous governments who have dewthala them without giving them authority.
The lack of roads affects the work of the department.
The ceremony was held at the Headquarters of the Home Guards and Civil Defense Department in Mawdiangdiang. The Chief Guest in the presence of the Director General, Kong I.Nongrang, Police Officers of the Home Guards and Civil Defense Department and others.
There will also be a performance of traditional dances in which more than 16 dances will be performed and many other competitions will be held to witness this great day of the country.
In his opening remarks, the Minister said that this will be an opportunity for the youth to showcase their talents and the Department of Arts and Culture will strive to promote the skills of the youth of the state.
We don't want our state to suffer from the shortage of oil,” said Bah Ymbon.
Speaking to reporters, he said that this scheme is working well in other states to help the youth especially in the rural areas to set up their own businesses to stand on their own feet. feet.
Four teams including KSU Mawkasiang Unit, KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle, Mawkasiang Sports & Cultural Club and Shillong Labet FC took part in the tournament. Also present were Bah Basil Nongbri, Rangbah Dong of Umroh, Mawkasiang; Eric Nongkynrih and James Hitler Mawphniang are Assistant General Secretaries of KSU CEC. Raymond Kharjana is Education Secretary of KSU CEC, Sonstar Nongkhlaw is Assistant Finance Secretary of KSU CEC and Districtland Marweiñ is the President of the Suppliers' Association.
The stashu, which arrived in Shillong, is painted gold and on the right side of the stashu is a hole in the body of the living saint.
He urged the people to maintain cleanliness and at the same time to preserve their culture.
People who met Swami Vivekananda Ji were inspired to start various activities which produced people who later became leaders.
The cheetah project will provide resources to rehabilitate the neglected habitats and this will increase the number of animals, plants and wildlife species. carbon.
: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent a legal notice to the leader of the Jowai Raij, Bah Chandalok Dkhar for illegal speech against the KHADC. “The Secretary of the Executive Committee has sent a legal notice to Bah Chandalok to demand an explanation on his statement,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. media outlets on Wednesday.
In the decision issued today, it was said that the advertisement issued on 10.12.2008 through the office of the Deputy Inspector of Schools was in accordance with the government notice issued on 2008, in relation to Shillong Sadar, Jowai, Amlarem, Tura and Dadengre Centres; Only those candidates who have not shown any negative marks in the CBI report and also in the HLSC report, have been allowed to remain temporarily in the teaching post until the selection is conducted. new.
However, the next morning, he said that about 30 or 40 Khasi youths came and looked for his brother. He shot his brother and is now in the Civil Hospital with injuries.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the party will appeal to the Privilege Committee of the Legislative Assembly regarding the arrest of MLAs by the police. on the day the party started its protest on 19th July, 2024 while they were standing in front of the Secretariat to protest against the dismissal of the three. officers of the Meghalaya People's Assembly.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Bokstar Syiem, Health Secretary of SSSS, Central Body who urged that the 3 ABK characters which stand for Morality, Dignity and Earning Rights means the Village Youth Associations, Women's Associations. and the Dorbar Shnong shall work together on these principles, and to preserve the beauty of the Meimariang.
Ashis Dwivedi, Garrison Engineer (AF) Shillong, Major M Khan, Garrison Engineer, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Deputy Commissioner of Jamalpur District of Bangladesh has led a delegation of the country to a meeting between the Deputy Commissioners, District Magistrates, Superintendent of Police between India (Meghalaya) and Bangladesh which was held today in Shillong.
Two workers who were buried alive in the landslide while working in a coal mine in Tinsokia, Assam include Phingal Umbah, 24, of Shnah Tyrkhang and another unknown. John Nongrum, 39, of Umsohlait village, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
The NCC wants to extend this training to all districts and regions to help the students to become good citizens and to be ready to work for the country.
He said they have a service rule whether it belongs to the state or the central government.
The new school building consists of 5 classrooms and it is hoped that the opening of the new school will provide a clean and adequate learning and teaching environment for the students and teachers of this school. the school.
During the investigation, the union found that these mynder came from UP and Silchar. Therefore, the union found that they entered the country illegally without any documents such as Work Permit or any other documents. shisha is not required in the State.
What will happen to those children who have not been selected through the entrance examination?
According to the current recruitment rules, a person cannot be appointed to a job even if they have passed their examination and if they have not been able to produce certificates to prove their identity. However, with this decision of the Central Government, it is no longer possible to hold appointment letters once the job seekers have passed the examination.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13449 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, March 7: Two trees have fallen from Nan Polok and another tree has fallen from the grounds of the Governor's house. hap with the street.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Police in East Khasi Hills today recovered three bodies of elderly people from different places. Hospital to do what you need.
He gave the example of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand. world.
As part of raising awareness on how to provide disaster relief, the Air Force will conduct a drill tomorrow to demonstrate how to respond during the relief and in what form to expedite and accelerate so that it can not only prevent the increasing damage but also to protect the lives of people.
It's too late even in the case of the road that has been covered with new shreng shiah and btuit sohpailen that if you make a mistake you'll be hit by the speh that doesn't shluit lane. you can't synthesize completely.
Shillong, July 15: Unidentified persons have set fire to petrol while the residents were busy returning to their homes in Basa Tympew this evening. bomb of a paint shop known as GM Hardware in the area.
About 15 post light trees have collapsed and the trees have been uprooted by the storm which has hit the village in West Jaintia Hills District.
As a sign of release, Bah Pyniaid cut the cake and gave it to Simi Khongtiang.
Arunachal Pradesh's only gold medal went to Col Hemonto Panging who won in the senior category beating Benu Malakar of Meghalaya and Lhunkhotang Hangsing of Manipur.
“Those organizations who look after the welfare of the traders before making allegations should come and investigate from them to find out the truth,” said Bah Rones.
The family members of the three men were worried after they did not call all day and immediately informed the police to help in the search.
The Club is proud of the performance of the children in this tournament which was held abroad and the team has now returned with the seventh place out of 16 groups. games from five countries of the world.
A friendly football match was also held between the youth of the village and the NSS volunteers.
The TMC candidate from Mawphlang constituency, Bah Mawkordor Rynjah, has strongly criticized the MDA government for cheating the farmers of the state and the MDA government has not provided any assistance to the farmers or to set up factories or others. They have not created any jobs for the youth of Mawphlang constituency.
From the Bishop's House in Guwahati, it will be included in Byrnihat, Nongpoh, Umsning and Mawlai Parishs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the MLA of Ranikor said that the area urgently needs development projects especially the roads which are the pillars of progress in terms of development, income and others. He said that as a leader, he will try to create opportunities by meeting with the officers of the PWD department to improve the roads in the area.
Not only that, they also seized the night chairs in the shop. When the police saw this, they chased these 6 people but they could not find them. to hold only four.
In his opening remarks, the CMD of UCIL said that today's meeting should be held in the morning, and UCIL will continue to hold such meetings. The meeting will also discuss the issue of uranium mining in the future.
Through this mission, the Mission Director and his team will assist the Government in collaborating with various departments and in addition, Rs 5 crore has been allocated for the purpose of conducting explanations and awareness campaigns to the public. how to fight against the spread of drugs.
He said that if the Village Administration Bill is implemented, the Rangbah Shnongs will no longer have any rights.
Answering a question, he said that the number of cows to slaughter per day will be about 2000 cows in the whole of Ri Khasi Jaintia, but the arrival of cows in Khanapara will not be less than 2000 cows per day. you shi day.
Shillong, July 23: Brigady Marak MLA from Bajengdoba Constituency and Marton Sangma MLA from Mendipathar Constituency both resigned as MLAs from Mendipathar Constituency.
At present, a power plant in Arunachal Pradesh is about to be operational and Meghalaya will also benefit.
KSU Sawsymper Circle under the leadership of President Belingstar Lyngkhoi in the presence of KSU General Secretary Jiedskhem Nongsiej and other members of the KSU Sawsymper Circle. He visited the school to congratulate the teachers and to encourage the student who has reached this level despite coming from a remote school.
The meeting was attended by the youth of Mawrashe Village along with the encouragement and witnessed by the Village Leaders, Longkmie, Elders and other invitees. .
Due to the short time, Bah Rumnong said that he cannot reach all the households but he requests the people not to feel anything about this and requests them to give their support. “The MDC election will be held on the 24th of this month by printing it in the shape of a leaf,” said Bah Rumnong.
In a seven-page reply sent to the Deputy Secretary of the State Government and other Government Departments, the HPC alleged that the Government's proposal is incomplete and inappropriate.
The meeting was held at Landmark Hotels, Shillong in the presence of Dr Lana E Lyngdoh Nongbri, State National NTCP Meghalaya, senior officers of the Police Department and other officers from various departments. state government.
The UDP has decided not to contest the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency and the UDP will support Agatha Sangma, the NPP candidate for the MP election. Now.
The district authorities in Mawkyrwat have been informed of the incident so that they can provide assistance to the affected people.
There will also be performances by the tyngshop actors and actresses of Khasi films.
Shadap said there are 7072 Adhoc teachers in the state who meet all the requirements. These teachers have worked for more than 25 years in their teaching profession with the Prime Minister. he promised to do something for the teachers.
Shillong, November 02: Twenty-four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, 23 from East Khasi Hills and 296 from West Khasi Hills District. .
School, BKC, Mumbai and also demonstrated the use of 5G technology. Myntri Rangbah Duh observed the desire of the children to have technology in education.
The four associations include the Jaintia Hills Zone to be held in Jowai, the West Khasi Hills Zone to be held in Mawkyrwat, the Garo Hills Zone to be held in Tura, the Ri-bhoi and East Khasi Hills Zones. Shillong SSA, will receive the assistance they have received to run this MSL.
Other speakers at the meeting were JACSO General Secretary Robert J Kharjahrin, SSSS Chairman Poling Lyngdoh and many other leaders of the SSSS. Uranium mining affects the health of the people and that is why they will stand up to fight.
Earlier, the Union celebrated its 10th Anniversary as a Franchisee of the Electrical Contractor Union. Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh also launched the website of the Union in the presence of its Chief Engineers. MeECl in Shillong.
On the other hand, the MCCEU urged the government to implement the dewbilat factory and at the same time urged the government to implement the scheme to retire early if any of the employees I don't want to rest.
Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, IPS, Director General, Meghalaya Police, Meghalaya, launched the bike race at the BSF Headquarters, Mawpat Shillong today, 1st November 2022, in the presence of Inderjit. Singh Rana, Inspector General of BSF in the presence of government officials from various departments.
At present, 14 women and men have been specially trained to protect forests.
The Nongkhlaw Kur has documents to prove according to the dulir which have existed since 1864 along with maps drawn since that year during the time of the French.
The market authorities have requested the public to come and witness and buy the goods from Dubai, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Turkey and Thailand as well as other states of India.
Speaking to reporters, Bah S Thabah and L Marbaniang said that they pay T.20 per month to the Shillong Municipal Board. They collected this money from these vendors who claimed to be employees of the Municipal Board.
After marrying Gyanendra Singh Chauhan, (L) Smti Suman Chauhan has been undergoing treatment for Bampong for the past three months.
The Seng strongly condemns the robbers who are also the authorities of the country who are hiding in the jainkyrshah and foreigners who have dared to touch and injure the Enforcement of KHADC during their inspection. Foreign shops without Trading License have reached the point where the foreigners do not respect even the Enforcement of KHADC who are in uniform and even the media as well.
On the 7th and 8th, the evening sit-in demonstration will be held as scheduled.
When will this film end? Only the MHA and Parliament can resolve this issue which has upset the whole of India.
In JHADC, the new MDC, Bah Lamdibok Sumer, will be sworn in by the Chairman of the House.
Tourists are also urged to avoid turning to streams, rivers and valleys.
Dod Lwansangi, 17, Lalen Mawai, 32, Laleim Liana, 33, Dontei Seiha, 44, Maliana, 26, Lawmawa Awnal, 32, Alin Chingza, He was born in Bihar and worked in Mizoram.
Banrilang appealed to the people, civil society organizations like KSU, HYC and other organizations to come out and support the petition to demand that the government should bring about a change in the policy. He said that as it is now, the job distribution is not orderly.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The people of 53-Ampati Constituency will cast their votes to elect a new MLA in place of Dr Mukul Sangma after he won from two constituencies. to leave Ampati and hold Songsak in the last Assembly elections in Meghalaya.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Namchiang Village, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District, led by the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang Village as Chairman and the Waheh Shnong of Pyrtakuna Village as Secretary, in the presence of others Elders and Village Leaders on Friday handed over a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Bah Pretone Tyngsong demanding that the government should immediately build the road. National Highway-6.
If we compare the power of shun in its use in the Khasi customs and traditions, in the power of snap nature that it has even if it is counted according to modern science; it is very sweet.
The affected villages are 12 in East Khasi Hills District, 2 villages in West Khasi Hills District, 5 villages in West Khasi Hills District. One village in South West Khasi Hills District, one village in East Jaintia Hills, one village in Ri Bhoi and one village in Garo Hills District.
There are 74 recoveries today, 40 from East Garo Hills, 15 from East Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 2 from South Garo Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills and 4 from West Khasi Hills. after.
Prestone said that he too has said what the Chief Minister has already said that the door is still open for peace talks.
They think that what they do or think is right, but it is not so.
Answering a question by Rupa M Marak regarding the allocation of school meals, the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that all the schools which receive the There are 923 Lower Primary Schools and for the year 2023-2024 the allocation of rice is 977.56 metric tonnes.
On behalf of MEPA, we send our condolences to the wife, children, brothers, sisters, relatives and all those who have a close relationship with this man.
Parents should not pick them up but the government has provided vehicles to pick them up according to the rules.
He said after Narendra Modi became Prime Minister in 2014, he took steps to bridge the differences between Delhi and the North East and started talks with everyone.
Vijay Raj, Vice-President, NCP Meghalaya State, SP Thapa, General Secretary, NCP Meghalaya State, Torang R. Marak, President Nationalist Youth Shyam Thapa, Vice President, NYC, Dak Kupar Nongrum, General Secretary, NYC and Samla TL Lapang, Member of NCP. Selecus Swangre, Mawshyrut Block President and Jona A. Sangma District General Secretary were present at the meeting.
“The last 10 years under the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been the most significant decade for the Northeast as it has seen most development in the 75 years since independence," he said.
He said that these names were suggested by the members of the block and district level and these names were brought before the Election Committee to take a decision to select them. The candidates will be sent to the AICC in Delhi for a final decision.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a letter to Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Chairman of the Committee on the Welfare of Scheduled Tribes etc., regarding the violation of the central government departments in Meghalaya regarding the appointment of owners. state.
Speaking to reporters in Upper Shillong at the funeral service for him on the 31st of this month, the Chief of Army Staff of India said that preparing himself does not mean to thew is specific to any country but is general.
The confirmation of them as new office bearers will take place tomorrow.
The decision of the High Court has been implemented immediately in these areas and anyone found violating will be punished according to the law as it is against the decision of the High Court.
He said that after lodging a complaint at Jowai Police Station, police from Saitsama Out Post left for Lumlakhiat to conduct investigation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Three petrol bombs have been detonated in the ground floor of Sulleman's house in Lum Dingjri by unidentified persons today. of clothes.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawshbuit Unit strongly condemns this intimidation and intimidation of these soldiers. but these same people began to attack the people in these same ways.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) has sent a letter to the Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) seeking clarification on the factory and the lack of salaries of the workers.
Dozens of girls and boys have come to take part in the event.
The union demands that the first phase of the cleaning of this road as promised by the CEM should be completed as soon as possible so that the next phase can be started for the benefit of the people of the area.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest Dr DD Lapang launched the book “Thohsah remembrance” of the party. the party to this day.
He said that the North Eastern Region which has five states with its own unique history and character has always played a major role in the development of the country and is now in a position to have a a great role for the future.
In a statement sent by the Chairman of the Sports Cell, Khasi Students' Union, Samla Eric A.Nongkynrih, the union said that only 5 players have been selected from the state while 7 players are from the state. Therefore, the words are not Khasi or Garo.
Shillong, Naitung 24: As part of the relationship between the Police and the Dorbar Shnong, Lachaumiere today handed over five vehicle helmets to the Police.
They are known as Tal Nartiang, Thal Shadap, Six Talang, Shirup Sumer and Si Dhar.
SDSEO Mairang, Circle Inspector Mairang Police, KS Rani President HNYF and other dignitaries were invited as the chief guests. , the parents of the village, teachers and students of Jidor Sing Memorial School, Presbyterian UP English School, Mawkhap UP School and other schools in the Mawnai area.
The KSU Sahsniang Unit would like to thank all the participating schools and teachers, the KSUsengkmie, JHDU & Laskein Circle and all the members who have worked hard in this work and also to the people of They supported the organization from time to time.
At the time of writing, the Nongstoin Police Station has left for the village to investigate the incident and are awaiting a report on the incident. law.
Tura, Nailur 28: Police in Garo Hills today arrested another GNLA cadre while he was distributing and he sent them to the province of Purakhasia.
This is the first time that the customs has received information that there has been a smuggling of Akor trees from the North East to Bangladesh and the seizure of these Akor trees. will remain open to customs to detect smuggling activities disguised as Exports.
The first order as Prime Minister is to set up a Chief Ministers' Advisory Council (CMAC) with the Chief Secretary as Chairman and with the post of Cabinet Minister.
She said that through FDI, exports and skilled people, Meghalaya has become a leader in economic development and encourages others.
He said that these three new laws have opened the door for us to change the way the law works in illegal activities in the country.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has been able to curb the activities of the group and has recognized the Popular Front of India (PFI) along with those involved with it including the Rehab India Foundation. (RIF), Campus Front of India (CFI), All India Imams Council (AIIC).
On this occasion, the Union Minister was presented with the drawings and explanations by the hospital authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The State Youth Wing of the KHNAM party, on Tuesday said that the State Youth Wing of the KHNAM party, that affects their health.
These communications should be included in public communications.
Other sources said that the HNLC member has already surrendered to the BSF and tomorrow morning it will be a welcome to the community to live like other residents of HNLC. in Ri.
The money has been sent to the bank accounts of those who should benefit without any hassle, making it one of the largest Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) schemes in the world.
Various political parties have gone to meet the Union Home Minister when he came to Shillong but he did not say a word.
“The GNLA has now alleged that this is a conspiracy of the government,” said Savio Marak, one of the GNLA leaders in a statement.
Without you, the paradohs who live in the border areas may have lost their land in Assam.
This will allow the facility to provide better care, he said.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa led the burning ceremony in the presence of KSU leaders, FKJGP members and others. others.
Police have now found that many of the youths have dropped out of school just because they are involved in drug abuse. Police have worked hard to fight against drug traffickers in the state.
Two earthquakes have occurred in Shillong today, one in Madanriting where one child has died, one injured, in Lower Lumparing two persons have died and three others are still missing.
The decisions taken by the government are that from tomorrow morning, the 24th and 25th, there will be another curfew on the 27th, 28th, 29th and 29th. Down" this is not a curfew but it will be the responsibility of each individual to fight against this disease.
Another question now arises, do you think that only one or two members of the HNLC cannot disrupt the peace and order in the state if the HNLC issues a single order? Even one Meghalaya Police Chief has admitted in the past years that only 4.5 members of the HNLC have been able to commit crimes.
However, both these public announcements were canceled due to the lack of seat for the post of Prime Minister by a Khasi Pnar.
He stressed the need for testing, monitoring and vaccination.
The ballot box, which was locked tonight, will be placed in a separate room and will be taken to Delhi tomorrow morning under tight security to be delivered to the Lok Sabha for the counting of votes. it will be held on the 21st of this month.
Other members of the committee are Sanbor Shullai, JA Lyngdoh, Sumita Banerje, David Kharsati, Singh Mulieh, Thomas Nongtdu, Pelcy Snaitang, Morjen Rabha, Pramod Koch and John Maner. Bhupen Hajong, Sophia Rahaman and Billykid Sangma.
The delay in the peace talks has led to the emergence of many insurgent groups in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Referring to shun as the indigenous Khasi language, it is also a common language in the mining hills of Ri War. the most beautiful and beautiful custom in the world.
The construction of the PHC started in 2014 during the Congress government and the construction and maintenance will be completed in
“The Governor expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister who spoke about the unique characteristics of the North East in the famous program Mann Ki Baat.
The tournament was inaugurated by Ma T. Bareh as the Chief Guest in the presence of Ma Hilarius Dkhar as the Chief Guest , Samla Cherity Suja General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle and other leaders of the village Barato and from the surrounding areas.
The cost of this project will be T.151.33 crore.
After the meeting with the CEM, the union also met with the opposition leader Bah Lamphrang Blah, in the presence of fellow MDCs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Bah Balajied Ranne, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Banjop Pyngrope, Gabriel Wahlang and Fantine Joseph Lakdong.
The union also informed that the Jio Company owned by Mukesh Ambani has installed electricity posts along the road from Lad Darrang to Dawki PHC. Jaintia Hills District and Bangladesh have been severely affected by floods due to heavy rains in recent days.
Hamlet Dohlieng, Vice-President of the Youth Wing, today said, “We want to clarify the criticism of Bah Ardent against Bah Paul. It has been since the MLA, MDC and MP elections and it has been many times, and this time we the youth cannot just listen.
Rev Dr Lalrinkima, senior Administrative Secretary General Assembly, Presbyterian Church of India.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner promised to punish those shops which sell too much according to the MRP, and the DC of EJH promised to order all the ration shops. those within the boundary of EJH shall install a Display Board.
He said India now has 23 IITs, IIMs have increased from 13 to 21 and AIIMS have increased by three times to
Robert June Kharjahrin was a student of the Khasi Student Union and after leaving the KSU he became one of the members of the HYC where he became the General Secretary and later the General Secretary. He was elected President and will step down to take part in politics.
Shillong, July 12: The ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) have informed the government about the problems they are facing due to the delay in payment of their salaries. has been suspended since 2012 until now.
The Mawlai MLA said that the invitation to the rebel groups to come to the peace table should be inclusive whether it is the HNLC or other rebel groups. I'm from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Indian Air Force today demonstrated the skills of the Indian Air Force by launching its bomber aircraft including helicopters at the Umiam is located in Ri Bhoi District.
He completed his grades 11 and 12 from Bosco Mount Rongkhon Tura;  He completed his Philosophy and B.A from Vishwa Joythi Don Bosco College, Warangal, Andhra Pradesh from 2006-2
The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 3058 in the State.
This was stated by Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Participation on this day will be limited to those who are required to perform the religion and those who have been selected and invited to attend.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today visited the border areas to campaign for the party's candidate, Bah Alvin K Sawkmie. On the other hand, MLA Himalaya Shangpliang has also worked hard to elect a party member.
According to the government announcement, Bah MR Synrem, who is in charge of the factories department, has been appointed as the secretary of the district council affairs department from the date of his assumption of office.
There were also traditional dances to enrich the day.
In the Hima Nongkhlaw, a public meeting was also held at Nongkhlaw Village, the place where Syiem Tirot Singh lived. the hand of the English.
Referring to the demand for an All Party Committee on the land issue and the army, the Minister told the members of the Committee that the opposition has not responded. You are a member of this Committee.
Every time they are arrested, the BSF hands them over to the police for further investigation.
“He said that the Government together with the MLAs should take action on this issue to set up a Rehabilitation Center run by the Government in Shillong so that it will reduce the number of youths who have fallen into poverty. drugs.
He said this has prepared the people of the country for the lockdown.
Her last rites will be held on Saturday at her hometown in Prayagraj (Allahabad), Uttar Pradesh.
Regarding the Mawrong road, Bah Charles said that this road has been in poor condition and has caused problems to the people. They have received 5 km of PMGSY and the remaining 17 km will be called soon, he said.
“The welfare state of India needs to be further strengthened.
Noting that the railway will benefit only foreigners, the President of the JNC said, “Illegal immigrants will increase, cleanliness will increase especially in the rural areas which has increased.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns this robbery by the law enforcement agencies and who can the people trust if they cannot trust the law enforcement agencies.
He said that on that day, the members of the 1 Meghalaya Farmers Parliament will be sworn in by the President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang. how to participate in this Dorbar which will be similar to the Dorbar of MLAs in the Assembly and MPs in Parliament.
Police have recovered the vehicle and arrested the seller of the Maruti.
For more information please call – 7630963034/8974374834/8 8258807194/9
Bhoi District has 19 cases, North Carolina Hills 1, East Garo Hills 1, South Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 9 and East Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
The SP of West Garo Hills said that this is a murder and this incident has angered the people of Assam especially from Manchachar and many of the people said that they are now afraid to go to Garo Hills.
Before filing the nomination, Conrad's family members and NPP supporters visited the grave of their father Purno A Sangma to hold a prayer. Dozens of people went to follow him as supporters.
Janjatiya Gaurav Divas is celebrated annually to recognize the efforts of the tribals in preserving the rights and promoting the traditional beliefs of India in national dignity, courage and respect for others.
The DCC of West Khasi Hills has decided to dissolve the old MBCC and an election will be held soon. to elect new members so that all can participate in party activities.
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya Police today seized a Bolero number AS-19E-0671 and seized heroin from the vehicle. The price is T.30 lakh.
The tournament will start tomorrow and end on the 2nd of June
The area has three border crossings with Bangladesh, Borsora, Bagli and Sherakaw. The lack of banks has put the traders in a difficult situation where they have to carry money to pay. The robbers will not only put the moneylenders in danger.
On the ruling side, Antonio War, Ban Basaiawmoit and Adelbert Nongrum took part in the discussion.
With this victory, Kumar became the political leader on whom all eyes were turned.
By doing this, nature will not die, precious souls will not die.
During the inspection, the state government has prepared the road in the past years. The funding for the road will come through the Asian Development Bank. The government has not yet implemented this road.
The union has also received complaints from the residents that many of the mothers who come to give birth at the hospital said that they are facing problems that the electricity supply is not sufficient because there is no generator at the hospital. The CHC has provided assistance to the people who are not inside the hospital.
The Chief Minister encouraged the party workers by saying that the NPP party is still growing in Ampati Constituency and urged the party workers to continue to work hard in the coming days. At this meeting with party workers in Latri, Conrad said the Congress party believes that they can change overnight. Conrad encouraged the party workers to vote for the person who will be in power in this election. workers party.
Bah Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai said that this attempt to sloit the powers of KHADC is not new but it is a protest that has been made many times through announcements from the central government or from the KHADC. the state government is the same.
In Football, there were 111 children including 102 boys and 9 girls.
The Chancellor of William Carey University said that since then Dr Mukul Sangma has insisted that the university should get the recognition of the UGC. documents and sent to the UGC as per their request.
At present, 18 sports organizations have been affiliated with the MSOA. (SP News).
“This is an important tournament for you.
New Delhi, November 09: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conferencing meeting with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY).
After receiving the report, no decision will be taken on how to proceed in this regard. The Prime Minister said that the government has decided to complete the work, on the allegation. he doesn't know anything and he won't even know about it, to convict without the end of the investigation is not possible.
5G services are now available in more than 700 districts.
When the BSF seized the drugs, it was found that these drugs were drugs and human resources that were attempted to be smuggled from India to Bangladesh. to T.68 lakh.
Prestone said he had spoken to the North Shillong MLA today.
Nongpoh Jymmang 29: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare today convened a meeting with the elders of Ri Bhoi District especially those from Nongpoh to find ways and means how to bring about the peace and order within the District as a whole.
With the victory of Bah Equator in the Deputy Chairman election, the KHADC has now received a Deputy Chairman after the seat has been vacant for more than a year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Hima has not yet received the assistance from the Special Central Assistance Scheme (SCAS) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, July 25: The Election Commission of India (ECI) on July 25, 2011 was declared as the National Voters Day. years old.
Those who have passed the 7th grade and above, after completion of the training will be awarded a syrnot and there will be no charge for travel or training. who are selected.
He said that it is necessary to unite in this struggle to reach the goal until these principles are included in the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that although the National People's Party (NPP) has lost the Sohiong elections.
He said that as human beings we need to transport the sick to get treatment from better hospitals.
His death is a great loss to the state.
, Sunny Indane Gas Agency:  2520780, 2522780, 2520910, Meghalaya Gas Agency:  2545907, 2544824, 9089485493, MECOFED: 2241858, baros 20 bsam ruh 998 that they should keep the box in their office at If you have any complaints or comments, you can send them to this email and if you have any questions, please address them to this name at US Chakma, LPG Field. Officer Field Officer Letter Box, C/o.
“The JSM invites the residents of East Jaintia Hills to attend this meeting to inform the government that there is a need for a government college in the area. for the benefit of the people of the area to have the opportunity to study at higher levels.
Then another Rs 170 crore by 2023 and another Rs 21 crore by the first two months of 2024,” Bishnoi told reporters.
The union has not been able to get any information on the body of the deceased. After the union has already done what is necessary, it has informed the police of Ladrymbai Police Outpost to investigate. Custody of him for arrest , as he is already in District Jail Jwai for another case of attempted murder of another person named The family members of Daplin Kyndait together with the Rangbah Shnong of Iongkalooh, Ma Emmon Dkhar, attended the funeral of (L) Daphishisha Kharsati. you have taken away your dead body.
If there is any violence against women and children, it causes harm to the society and we cannot be accepted as enlightened people.
“Chauhan said that Mann Ki Baat has been at the forefront of showcasing inspiring works in the rural areas of the country including rural areas as well as aspirational districts.
The Government has set up a Commission to look into the management of schools in the state to ensure that such problems do not happen again in the future. schools from the children and this money remains with the Managing Committees.
The DGP also admitted that there are about 16 members of the HNLC in Bangladesh and those who are there are aides. Kumar was a drug addict and the HNLC had charged him in the bomb blast.
Shillong, November 24: Police in Meghalaya are collecting CCTV footage of people from shops in Police Bazar to track down those who robbed on the 12th of this month. which caused the car accident.
Since its inception approximately, 15 out of every 100 households in rural areas have got water pipes, now this has increased to 62 out of every 100 households.
During the meeting with the traders of the state and the traders from the country, the traders of the country showed their work and if anyone wants to work with the traders from the state, please contact us. who were ready to join hands in providing machinery especially in the field of agriculture.
He strongly urged them to avoid crowds.
The implementation plan was launched by the Minister of Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank today as part of the celebrations for the Amrit Mahotsav marking the 75th Independence Day of India.
At the same time, the party has decided to work hard to win the election for Bah WHD Syngkon.
Banshai said that if this is the case, all schools should be allowed to call for the Application Forms of Class XI and Class XII as well as to collect their school fees so that the does not keep all those who aspire to a formal education in the dark.
To protect the area, the HYC WKHD requests all the Paradoh Parasnam from other districts to bring peace in the area. Therefore, we request you to Sngewlem now to bring peace and security to the area.
The Governor said that the greatest achievement of a person is, when a person can control himself, a teacher who can instill this spirit in the students, and that student will long you are a great man.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Speaking at a meeting of Adhock School teachers at Madan Malki, Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment Ramdas Bandu Athawale said, “If you support Pakistan, , to go to Pakistan"
Police are now checking the records of the CCTV cameras near the church to track down the perpetrators.
The union urges the government to take action to protect the land from being bought by other ethnic groups.
Shillong, July 09: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has brought before the MLA of the district with responsibility for the issues related to the interest of the people of the area.
The 70th Republic Day was also celebrated in Williamnagar where PHE Minister Samlin Malngiang hoisted the flag of India. In Ampati, AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Resubelpara. Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, in Baghmara, Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare.
Laibynta J Nongsiej was the winner, Ferenia Kharsyntiew came second and Larisa Basaiawmoit came third.
On the other hand, the group of teachers was led by four officials including Rajiv Kataria, Debjani Das Purkayastha, HR Nath, James Hitler Mawphiang and Anu Gupta.
On the other hand, the former MLAs of Meghalaya who attended the meeting were SC Marak, former Chief Minister, Bah SD Khongwir, ED Marak. Speaker, former MLAs of the state were also present.
They have decided to surrender their children because they are concerned about their children if they cannot raise them in the right way it will affect them later. I decided to come and surrender today.
Preparations for the Gaganyaan mission, our first manned spaceflight, are underway.
Shillong, Naitung 09: A meeting of the political parties in the MDA government today called on them to work hard to win the election of Conrak K Sangma of the NPP from South Tura. as the leader of the MDA government until the end of this five years.
Afterwards, the Lyngdohs and Bakhraw Batri of the Hima went down to the dance ground to perform the rituals before slaughtering the blang brought from various Raids within the boundary of the Hima. Khyrim, but what was surprising was that suddenly a kind of puit came out and went to stand near the fire which was placed in the middle of the field and when I tried to know what it was, no one could answer. He said that in the ceremony there will always be those who appear as insects, perhaps the Ryngkew and the Basa.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the crossing of the PWD road by the Khar Shipai. Now they are on the road to Anjalee petrol pump.
Shillong, July 07: The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr. M. Chuba Ao today in the presence of the General Secretary of the North East Ajay Jamwal, the State President of Meghalaya, Dr. Ernest Mawriew has launched a booklet on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the Modi government.
The BSF said that Akbar Ali, from Tahirpur, previously worked with Markos Ex-ANVC cadre, from Rajai village. .
The Sur ki Nong Mawlai strongly condemns this action of the government and the Sur ki Nong Mawlai will continue to increase the protests in the country. days to come.
The JYF is also pleased to see that the government has promised to punish these factories by ordering them to buy land for the purpose of making forest land and by planting trees as a fine. violations of their laws.
He agreed to create the facilities to set up ATMs in Rambrai for the convenience of the people of this area.
The people have given us the opportunity to serve them with hopes, expectations and goals.
Furthermore, HANM cannot accept the attempt by the CM to report to the MLAs and MDCs involved in illegal appointments.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: BSF troops from 123 Bn have conducted a training for youth on the border with Bangladesh on how to stand on their own feet in terms of income generation. in Bakhur and in Dawki.
There was also a B2B meeting where buyers from different parts of the country met face to face with sellers from the North East.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mawphlang PWD Division, Prestone said that the opening of the Mawphlang PWD Division has fulfilled the aspirations of the people of the area. The PWD Division, said that the sub division will also continue to operate.
Out of the 365 NGPs, Meghalaya ranked highest in India last year with 768 NGPs standing in line for the award this year. Meghalaya as one of the cleanest states in the country.
This step will ensure that every complaint is registered as an ejahar, relief will be provided, every complaint lodged will be investigated and the matter will be processed in the courts – within the time limit prescribed by the Act.
On the other hand, the organizers of this funeral ceremony in Laitumkhrah have decided to follow the government's guidelines to prevent the spread of COVID-1 in the morning only those who are chosen will be.
The MLA of Ranikor C&RD Block, Martin M Danggo, has personally inspected the damage in the presence of officers from Ranikor C&RD Block. send reports to the District authorities for the provision of assistance from the Government.
“As we prepare for the upcoming Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, I am writing to you to highlight the most important issue related to language to be discussed during the sitting day," he said. VPP Secretary Heavingstone Kharpran in a petition sent to the Lamphang.
He said that the hard work of Bah Deng John Kharshiing, and the hard work together with the hard work in the MDC bye election 2017, will bear fruit and bring hope to the people of Nongkrem Constituency as a whole. for now the people have turned away from him.
With the promotion of Bah Wanlura Diengdoh, District Session Judge of East Khasi Hills District, the Khasi community has received two judges in the Meghalaya High Court.
Baitlang Pohsngap President JPMF Jaintia Hills District.
Stanis Lyngdoh, 62, of Mawalai Mawtawar, has died of the disease today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The price they charge is between T.100 tyng to T.200 per head depending on the skills of the people.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the VPP Dr Cara Chen at a press conference held at the Conference Hall of the MLA Hostel, Shillong.
Manipur won gold medals in the U-42kg, U-44kg, U-46kg and U-55kg categories through Martin Wahengbam, Irom Bijaya Devi, Priyadarshini Mayengbam and Salam Charlei Devi.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy CEM Bah Gigur Myrthong, all the EMs and on behalf of the Hima Mylliem were the Syiem Ainam Manik Syiem, ministers and jhur traders.
On this occasion, the office of the Deputy Commissioner explained the various schemes that have been implemented in the District.
Inter-Personal Relationship, 8.
A similar incident has happened in Mawphansaw village where the village has been in darkness for six months. MeECL has already installed the transformer which has been paid for six months but has not been able to replace it. wei pat until now.
The demand is to forgive the tax by 50% because in 2020 they have not been able to earn due to COVID-1 old while the umphniang has risen too high.
Expressing his gratitude for the success of the Rozgar Mela, the Union Children's Minister said that the work is ongoing to provide 10 lakh government jobs to the youth in various departments of the Union Government. the central government.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations have no other way to force the government to do anything for this road. the people of this area.
Shillong, July 28: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has failed to release the revenue from land revenue and vehicle tax. employees of the District Council.
Speaking to SP News Agency, u Bah Sohtun said that he appealed to all to work together to ensure that there will be a smooth running in the fight against COVID-1
People who have taken part in this great work need to be honoured, and by using them as examples we need to encourage some parts of society that have not yet thought of such these methods.
On the other hand, Paswan said that the issue of lack of network will be discussed with the Telecommunications Department to find ways and means to ensure the implementation of the One Nation One Ration Card programme. it is consistent throughout the country.
However, the people have fought strongly against this action of Assam by destroying the buildings of Assam and this struggle with Assam has been going on for the past 30 years. The Lyngdoh of the Sohiong Hima did not visit this place, but what he did was to hand over the raid to the Jirang Hima.
As there was a protest against Assamese as the State Official Language during the Hill State struggle instead of English, there may also be a problem with the acceptance of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to recognize and recognize Assamese as the State Official Language. Khasi and Garo as State Official Languages ​​in the VIII Schedule to the Constitution of India in case it is impossible to achieve at the same time the recognition of both There are three Khasi Garo languages.
In the current budget, the CEM said that to expedite the work of the Council, it should create one position within the council which does not exist yet and that is you are an Architect.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister congratulated all the government departments who have been able to deliver development projects to all the villages and areas in the state. to even find ways and means to improve income in the state.
Meghalaya has faced many such problems in the past and the MPHRC believes that this is against human rights.
Because we see that this is the most important sector, not only in Meghalaya, not only in India, but in the world and education is the lifeblood of the country, the state, the village, "This is why we have increased the budget from one year to another, in the budget for 2023-24, which means last year we have increased the budget. 3166 crore and I am pleased to inform you that in the current budget 2024-25, we have increased the budget to Rs 3538 crore,” he added.
The cleanliness program was organized by the Seng Khasi School of the village.
Provision of educational opportunities and promotion of educational activities to produce young people with the knowledge required in the medical equipment industry.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Himalaya said that he has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner today to inform the district authorities that due to the collapse of the roads, vehicles can no longer travel. to go to the area and now it is in the midst of food shortage.
He said the state police department will set up a police academy and T.50 crore has been received from the 13th Finance Commission of the Government of India.
Speaking at the meeting, the speakers criticized the stingy attitude of the leaders and also the government because for more than a year they have not done anything in this school due to the destruction by the government police. Assam since last year has been standing without adequate fencing and is worse than a cow farm.
The signing ceremony was attended by a team of OTPC including Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) Arup Ch.
It should also talk to the state government to include the MDCs and MLAs of the area in the Boundary Committee headed by the Chief Secretary and to include the Sengbhalang of Bri U Hynniewtrep, so that there will be information. It is clear how the Committee has been working since its inception.
On receiving this information, Meghalaya Police together with Assam Police rushed to Siliguri on the 22nd of this month and rescued the girl from the hands of the kidnappers from Khalpara. in Siliguri, but before the police arrived, the robbers managed to escape.
This earthquake has also affected all parts of the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, March 13: The General Secretary of the illegally arrested Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement said that the police's arrest of Bah Suchen is just a drama.
At the same time, he said that it is sad to know that some of those who give Khasi medicines are not mixed with foreign medicines.
Iranian writer and director Nader Saeivar received the Silver Peacock Award for Best Director for his film, which depicts the political and social situation in Iran.
In his speech, Home Minister Shinde expressed his satisfaction to see that the population of India has decreased compared to the previous households, at the same time. he said the greater happiness is that the rate of education of women has increased in the last fifteen years.
Finally, India rose to 34th position from 52nd position in 2015 in the WEF's Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index
Shillong, July 28: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit will appeal to the High Court if the dewbilat companies in the state fail to increase the price of dewbilat within 30 days, said Bah Bashai, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Unit. party.
Under the UDAN scheme, eight new airports have been built and 71 flights launched in the last 10 years.
The KSU SWKHD demands that the government should stop the pre-uranium mining activities of UCIL as it has said.
Life expectancy in India was previously 63.9 years and has now increased to 67.3 years for men and 69.6 years for women.
Furthermore, the union is surprised at the violence of the police against the bloodthirsty people in Shillong but while they are reducing and covering up the border areas.
Shillong, July 08: U Bah Charles Pyngrope MLA Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya today expressed his satisfaction that the Central Government has restored the Foreign Contribution. Regulation Act" to the sister group "Missionaries of Charity"
Many people came to listen and enjoy at this time, and as these talented singers sang, all the people were amazed to hear their songs.
The Bill does not mention that mothers are allowed to be elected Rangbah Shnong but there are other villages which are allowed. Hopefully the KHADC will consider this issue.
On this occasion, a discussion was also held on the health of the villagers and how to eat for the youth who have grown up. and crimes that occur through the Internet.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Symbut, on this occasion, inaugurated the box entitled “" and this box will be opened by the State of Meghalaya will celebrate its 100th Anniversary in 2072 and concluded with a speech. Chief Secretary RV Suchiang and the Shillong Chamber Choir performed.
Aizawl, on the other hand, is known for its people and is also a state rich in cultural activities and handicrafts.
However, Kong Bindas replied, “Not at all Sir, for the sake of the people, for the benefit of the people and for the rights of the people, not at all, as I said if I I will not die here either, as I want to get the rights of the people.
Shillong, November 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Reuben Najiar, Chairman of the Cell on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Prabha. Shankar Shukla to discuss the special allowance for Khasi students who apply for Non Teaching Posts of Grade B and C which NEHU has recently released.
Shillong Police through a special team known as ANFT on receiving a tip have arrested a mother and seized 81 grams of heroin from her. .
If the kingdom gets his true image, it will have to take it, but for now, because they have not yet received his true image, they have to use this image that they are using now. which is issued by the central government in the form of a stamp they have no other way.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the government has decided to reopen schools, colleges and tourist attractions in the state from November 2021.
The party has already talked to the authorities to prepare a letter of complaint to the Speaker of the House regarding the departure of the 12 MLAs of the party.
In addition, PACS can also operate convenience stores and ration shops.
Through this announcement, KAS requests all the writers who are members of the Seng to attend this Dorbar, according to a statement sent by Dr.RP Kharshiing General Secretary, Khasi Authors' Society.
It was also alleged that Patricia's remarks were unacceptable and caused differences of opinion among the ethnic groups and threatened other brothers and sisters around India. .
If you don't know how to brush your hair or paint your hair with forty different colours, you will be called stupid.
In Jowai, Lahkmen Rymbiu, Minister of Education, in Khliehriat, Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries, in Nongstoin, Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, in Mawkyrwat, Home Minister James K. Sangma, Minister in charge of Transportation, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Pioneer Adventure Tours in collaboration with doctors from NEIGRIHMS has conducted a two day training on Basic Life Support (BLS) at Shnongpdeng, Dawki. have received special explanation on this point.
Replying to the delay in completing the DPR, the Minister said that the reason is that some land owners in Kyrshai on the border with Assam have lodged a complaint against the first DPR. 2013 and they wanted to change the location and this has led to a new one.
There are 27 recoveries today, of which 25 are from East Khasi Hills District, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. sun.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has the best handicraft makers in India and this shop will be a place where the farmers can showcase their products to the world. This is the state of Meghalaya.
Regarding receipt of information from the Regional Drug Testing Lab (RDTL), Assam, in March, 2023, which stated that the vaccine 'does not have standard quality,' you are a medicine.
The funds will be used for the construction of sports facilities. Although it has not yet been decided how many sports will be included in the National Games, there are plans to have about 32 sports. games.
Instead of looking for a one-size-fits-all solution to these, the agency should look for ways to reward states when they can perform better.
These will open the way for transportation of goods to Bangladesh and the North Eastern States through the waterways.
If they don't want to come to work with the government, they have to pay a bond signed with the government between T.10,00,000/- and T.25,00,000/-. Within this month, the government will make public the names of these doctors.
The HYC has been fighting against drug traffickers and drug dealers for some time now and the fight has been across the Shillong government in various places and they have also arrested drug dealers and drinkers.
What ima now is the demise of students and this will be worse than terrorism.
Many of the students do not receive Scheduled Tribe Certificates because we have not yet issued the certificate that they are Khasi,” he said.
They said the timely start of the vaccination program saved many lives.
Shillong, Lber 14: Answering a question by Process T Sawkmie on the implementation of the ILP in the state, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the demand is being looked into by the department. not under the central government.
Before the award ceremony, a short speech was delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah ES Majaw, who expressed his precious words of encouragement to the marynthing. Thank you for your good deeds and especially for the ability of this group of youth to hold this Khasi Traditional Costume Competition 2022 successfully.
He said that the Sengbhalang will not back down until the government implements the ILP and urged all the members of the Sengbhalang to come out without fear until victory.
The VPP has also sent copies of the complaint to the Cyber ​​Crime Branch Office, Secretariat Hills Shillong, the Chief Electoral Officer of the State and the Commissioner and Secretary of the Election Department.
Speaking to reporters, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju said it is the first time that the North East will have three Union Ministers and two Cabinet Ministers. and 3 children’s ministers.
Shillong, March 23: The Meghalaya Pensioners' Association (MPA) on Friday last month held a public awareness campaign on child marriage and the problems caused by it.
Inside NEIGRIHMS, doctors carried placards to protest against the involvement of doctors in Kolkatta. The protest was also held by doctors inside Woodland Hospital and other hospitals. There are no hospitals in Shillong.
Home (Civil Defense and Home Guard) Water Resources, Printing and Stationary Department.
Therefore, the Seng demands that all those involved in this case whose names have been named in the CBI Inquiry including Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr RC Laloo, PL Tariang, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Remington Pyngrope, Charles Pyngrope, Sanbor Shullai, Prestone Tynsong, AL Hek, Don Kupar Massar, F War, M Pariat, JA Lyngdoh, Lambor Malngiang and JD Sangma were not allowed to pay their fees. They have drawn from their own funds to spend on various activities to re-elect the teachers of LP Schools in the state.
These include Saitsohma, Khanduli, Mukroh, Sahsniang, Mokaiaw and others.
Shillong, Nailur 06: On 3rd November 2021, a boy was found dead on the ground floor of the Lawei Baphyrnai Children's Home in East Khasi Hills District. Langkyrding Block 2 Shillong.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, Bah SD Khongwir said that during the meeting they explained that if this market affects the water source of Mawlai village which is from Lum Mawpat as Mawlai Town Dorbar will not allow the construction of this market.
Other speakers included Dr C Lyngdoh, Bah Kenendy Khyriem, both Parliamentary Secretaries, Government officials from the Soil Department who also spoke on the occasion. They came to be trained at this place and were able to complete the training.
Raizuddin said that on 22nd November 2012, the party through a meeting of all its members renewed its office bearers and after this, the party temporarily suspended the members including Nausad Ali. , Abul Kalam Hussain, Abdul Rahim and others after violating the rules of the party.
To prevent the influx of foreign authorities from across the border, the Central Government has approved the construction of the road along the entire length and the construction of a fence.
The Celerio is the first car in India to be offered with manual & automatic gear.
Speaking on various ways to improve the income of the people of the state, he said the government will look for all the ways to bring about change in the field of education.
, they are now calling the owner of the vehicle to get the name of the driver and the calling is going on now.
There are 62 recoveries today, 93690 recoveries, 95977 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95977 people have died of the disease. to 1611 people.
Answering a question if the government calls for talks, the Secretary said that if the government calls for talks, it would be better to get the lat to inform them that they can talk about the issues they have. .
COVID vaccine providers will have to advertise the price of COVID vaccines.Those over the age of 18 will be able to get vaccines through this medium.
On the other hand, the party is ready to welcome him and forget what happened in the past.
On this occasion, the Governor said that he has told the Union Minister who has visited Shillong these days, that the people of this state have shown well in the border security and as also in the field of football.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The State President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) today clarified that the permission has been given to build the party office. The MPYC has issued a statement on the allegation of the MPYC, but today it has been clarified that the permit has been given to build the MPYC. Khrum and G-3 which means three floors of house and three floors of parking space. The allegation that they have violated the rules of law is groundless.
To celebrate the Cherry Blossom in Japan it is called the Sakura or people go to the USA and people go to visit around Japan and the USA in October In Meghalaya, it blooms in the month of Synrai and Naiwieng every year.
Shillong, Iaiong, 06: The total number of houses damaged by the storm and cold weather in Mawsynram Block on Tuesday morning has reached Most of the affected villages are on the border with Bangladesh, 36 villages have been affected.
On the other hand, the DC said that if the people find such things, they should inform the government authorities.
Mairang, Nailur 27: The office of the Block Development Officer of Mairang C&RD Block has conducted a public awareness program on the COVID-19 pandemic. of Laitdom Presbyterian Secondary School, Laitdom Mawlieh.
The Khasi Linage Act is already in existence and they are putting it in order. At this public meeting, the CEM said that the Governor of Meghalaya has wanted to give his approval and now the Khasi Linage Act. He asked the government to give him the approval.
Jowai, June 02: Ka Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, one of the leading residents of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed her deep sorrow over the plight of the poor. They are poor, living in hand to mouth, living in Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 01: Meghalaya beat Sikkim 5-1 in the fourth title of the Dr.T Ao Football Tournament in Assam.
The party leader said the party understands that if the party joins hands with any political party it will affect the work of the party.
The past years have made it clear that “they are the mothers of the victims or the victims”.
The blaze was so terrible that it shocked the people living nearby as the wind was very strong on this day.
He also praised Bah Kharpran and his team for their efforts to look after the condition of these crematoria.
Every year the students of the college have to meet and inform the authorities to do something to provide classes to the students of this college for decades. The MLAs of Jaintia Hills have not yet addressed these issues faced by the students of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Kaldinus Syiem, 24, of Nongstoin, Shillong, has surrendered to the police after being wanted by the police on suspicion of killing a mother in the village. Rambrai is located in the district of West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that there is no demand to replace the leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP). CLP meeting these days.
The e-courts project is currently being implemented in mission mode, he said.
The Government will provide protection to those who provide information to the law enforcement authorities.
The term of office of District Councils shall be five years from the date of their appointment.
Speaking at a briefing before the start of the campaign, Dr Shahid Tapadar said that there are 20 million children in India, but the highest number of child deaths is in the state. Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters after the Congress meeting at Congress Bhavan today, he said the party has prepared many mass protests against the Narendra Modi government's abolition of the Lut san. and the Lut Shihajar which has affected the income of India.
This policy will be exclusive only to those who come from poor and disadvantaged families who need assistance from the government to enable them to complete their chess studies.
“We urge the government to assist the schools to encourage the youth to continue their studies and at the same time to free the parents from the burden of debt and to ensure that the The implementation of the NEP is going smoothly, said Roikupar Synrem.
Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School Umsning, which was established in 2014 by the Rawa Ribhoi Area Welfare Association for the benefit of poor families, has about 200 students.
First of all, we met with the District Sports Officers and we looked at the preparations for the 6th Meghalaya Games,” said MSOA Working President John F. Kharshiing.
This decision affects the lives and deaths of the students and the government needs to consult with all the public especially the college principals, teachers, parents, students and various organizations in the country. before making such a decision.
The meeting also discussed the upgradation of many PHCs to the status of CHCs and how to upgrade the Ganesh Das Hospital to treat those suffering from tuberculosis.
If the report shows that a person has contracted the disease, how many such people have spread the disease?
The Meghalaya High Court has announced that it will hear the case again on 3rd November
The BJP in Delhi has already announced 267 candidates for the elections but has delayed announcing the candidates for Meghalaya.
Self Awareness, 2.
Without any training, she used to walk alone in life as a cyclist and she used to ride only with her friends and every morning she used to run about 5-10 kilometers and every morning she used to cycle every morning. and in the evening about two hours.
In these meetings, Bah John F Kharshiing, explained to the Joint Secretary, that as of now, the whole world knows that the District Councils in Meghalaya have become just places for politicians to become MLAs. and almost all the political parties in Meghalaya have refused to accept this clear shortcoming in the Sixth Schedule and the Constitution of India.
The problems will be financial, building classrooms,these are the problems as it is the government will help what they can, to say to any college that they have to Talk to the Ministry of Education because young people also want to move forward.
Shillong, Lber,01: The North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) today held a meeting at NEHU Community Center on the issue of sweet children. They came from Sahsniang and Pynursla to take part.
During these years he has worked in many places and has received special training in this field from Willington University and is now one of the commanders of the EAC. which covers the entire eastern part of India.
This place today was not according to the purpose of putting those monuments of the Khasi Hima so that people from all over the world can see the culture of the Khasi.
Health Insurance, All children will be enrolled as beneficiaries under the Ayushman Bharat (PM-JAY) scheme with an insurance of T.5 lakh.
It is said that it is painful for the children who have to carry this disease in their bodies not because of themselves but because their parents are involved in illegal activities.
It is surprising that in Jammu and Kashmir there have been bans on Safai Karamchari.
Mairang, July 12: The HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle on Saturday distributed food items to the children and elderly in the Mariang area. that Blanket.
On the other hand, the headmasters are always in the schools and all they can do is not to take the names of the students in the registers according to the classes they study.
On the other hand, the residents of Chimasora have taken pictures of these water pipes used for gardening and which have already been cut and submitted to the department to verify their complaint.
In collaboration with the district authorities, the BSF should ensure that the people should not walk outside the signposted border areas without any reason.
Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said: “If you are against the ILP, you will be against the ILP.
The Prime Minister has requested that there will be a Shramdaanna for Swachhataka for 1 hour at 10 pm on the 1st of March which will be the 'Swachhanjali' for Bapuha the day before his Jayanti.
Emphasizing this request, he said that schools are starting to run well for two months, many of the schools are still able to complete only between 50% and 60% of the training but the government has announced to hold Selection examination for private students.
During the inspection, the Chief Minister said that the oxygen generating plants in these two hospitals in Shillong have been operational, one at Ganesh Das Hospital and one at RP Chest. The hospital was operational within two days.
Fourlane Shillong Guwahahti road in Umling Guwahahti area where there used to be a way bridge has been flooded due to heavy rainfall in Umling area. Especially small vehicles, the floods in this area are from time to time during the rain.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Sports Department of the State Government has announced that it is inviting applications for the post of Sports Officer.
Speaking to reporters, the Union Minister said that the Central Government will spend T.20,000/- crore in the next five years from 2021 to 2025 to develop fisheries in the country. There is now a strong demand for the export of fish from India to other countries.
The remaining 20,000 were manufactured by AgVa Healthcare (10,000), AMTZ Basic (5,650), AMTZ High End (4,000) and Allied Medical (350).
The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) on Thursday held a special meeting at the Archbishop's House, Laitumkhrah, Shillong to discuss the allegation that there is a threat by religious leaders from Assam to destroy religious images and The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Umden Area on Friday visited the schools run by Christian Churches in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam. The RBYDSO, RBYF, HYC, HITO, AMKA and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marmaiñ Area have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay. Sacred Heart Secondary School, Marmaiñ, Ribhoi District which is located near the border with Assam and also Mission Schools in the area.
Tens of thousands of people from all over Jaintia Hills have come to witness the ceremony to end the ceremony which started a month ago.
Allegedly, the distribution of lakhs of drugs is a waste of public money and there is also corruption, Bah Marbaniang said, “The drugs were purchased with public money.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Tuesday attended a meeting of the Lyngpung Seng Khihlang at Swer village. He was pleased to know that the Khasi Seng is fighting to preserve its own customs and traditions and congratulated him for this.
Those present at the opening ceremony were Jasmine Sangma , Hasina Kharbih , founder of IMPULSE and many other talented entrepreneurs who have won many competitions in the state and have appeared in the country and abroad country.
The Ministry of Agriculture shall provide information on all the schemes implemented by the Central Government to the farmers of India.
In 2010, the Union Minister had made it clear that it should be a university, but surprisingly now it has become a college which they cannot accept. to the University.
Shillong, March 29: A meeting of teachers who are taking the professional course Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.) was welcomed by Sister Lydia Pala FMA.
The House has accepted this request for funds to adjust the expenditure as the money has already been received and this request for more funds is to adjust what has already been spent.
Jowai, Nailur 09: Police of Lum Shnong today seized 140 large boxes of explosives and arrested Asotosh Das.
He said that the union has already left to place the youths who have been addicted to drugs in the health centres and he said that soon in these days they will be able to. lead other youth in collaboration with parents who have lost sleep for their children.
In India the ratio is 1:1456 while in South West Khasi Hills District it is only one doctor for more than 8000 patients.
“It should not happen in Meghalaya either.
In a statement, the DC of South West Garo Hills said that if anyone makes such public announcements, they will be punished severely.
Freedom is a daily affair.
He said that KAS will hold another meeting to celebrate Thomas Jones Day in Mawkyrwat, Literature Day on the 11th of November in Shillong and the death anniversary of Soso. Tham will be held on the 19th November at Nongpoh.
The Chief Minister also assured of support of the Government.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Director of Information Department, Government of Meghalaya, NM Nampui.
Seeing this, Rahman was shocked and people came out and lodged a complaint with the police and the police arrested the suspect and the police are conducting investigation.
This is sad, it is an act of insult to Christians and an act of violation of the secular nature of India.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla demanded that the KHADC should take action in this regard, should send a letter to those who have taken the jaid kpa and should set a time limit. that they should correct it within a period of time if they do not do so they will lose their Khasi identity.
The government should take note of the CBI's statement and not only that, it should set a time limit for the investigation into the case.
The scheme aims to increase the production, capacity and export of fish products by 2024-2
The government has not yet announced the resolution. Although they have already met with the Minister of Home Affairs, they have not done anything yet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: A meeting of Deficit Teachers of more than 6000 teachers in the state including High Schools, Upper Primary Schools and Lower Primary Schools, has decided to meet with the Deficit Teachers. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, before the dorbar tlang, to explain the new salary increase.
The Model Code has been implemented to prevent money laundering during the elections, to ensure that voters can elect their leaders in a free and fair manner.
The cases are from East Jaintia Hills 2, East Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 3, a total of 6 cases have been confirmed so far. 92193 people.
Replying to a question by Saleng A Sangma on the statement that many of the school tables and chairs have been stolen due to the lack of skuk in the last two years, the Minister said that no get any complaint on this.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Thomas Sangma of the NPP nominated by the MDA-II will be the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, launched for the first time the letter of Sir Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam to Shri Jawaharlal Nehru, which talks about the IOA & AA. as the Standstill Agreement signed with the Federation of Khasi States on 16 July 1947 which clearly stated that it would last for only TWO YEARS, and he also presented the IOA & AA of 9 August and the IOA & AA of 17 August 1948 which was approved by the Government of India but which removed the words AR SNEM. but at the same time he explained that the Khasi people in 1947 were divided into two sides, one led by the Chief Executive Members and the other led by Rev JJM Nichols Roy. , who was also in fact the first Secretary of the Federation of Khasi States.
The fighting started when the insurgents saw that the police had entered the village. The fighting lasted for a while but the insurgents took advantage of the forests and managed to escape.
Previously, 62% of the population did not have access to proper sanitation facilities, now 100% of the country’s population has access to toilets, either at home or community toilets.
In a letter of complaint sent to the Principal Secretary of the department since 10th November 2017, regarding the dismissal letter issued on 8th November 2016, she wrote that she has received the post of orderly peon in This office was appointed on 15th March
Shillong, March 12: The BSF today celebrated the 'Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav' at Bakur village on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District. The ceremony was held to launch the weapons available to the BSF troops to defend the country and to fight against the insurgents.
Shillong, July 20: The JSU has sent a letter to the DC and SP to pay the expenses of the police against the jhur vendors in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Criticizing the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the fight against COVID-19, it does not affect only the health workers, the police, the villages who have been working hard since the beginning. protect against this disease.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Polling Officers of the 35-Ranikor Constituency today left Mawkyrwat to leave for the 35th Ranikor Constituency. polling stations in the polling station on the 23rd of this month.
The seven arrested were identified as Ahukanna Chinonso, 46, Eze Christopher Obasi, 43, Obi Francis Osita, 36, Emmanuel Agbeyi, 37 and Osagiede Godstime,
Furthermore, the KSU Narpuh Circle has inspected the road in the past few days and found that the road from Mynkre to Ratachera is no longer good.
Furthermore, the lack of Pnar characters and proper pronunciation (salonsar) has made it difficult for readers to read books in Pnar in Khasi characters and gradually by using the letter 'C' instead of the letter 'C' 'S' and 'Y' instead of 'i' due to spelling differences.
The union said that even the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board does not understand what it is doing. The union requests the prime minister to take action to release the coal. has been dug.
This widespread garbage has polluted roads, footpaths, public parking lots at schools and universities and markets.
PIB Fact Check- There are no positive cases in Mizoram so far.
On this day, markets will be set up at Anjelee Point, Lad Smit, Umdingpun Square, 7 Mile Upper Shillong and in parts of Mawlai. said Prestone.
After a long discussion, it was decided to postpone the meeting at the church at the same place at 11 pm.
The date and venue of the award ceremony will be announced after receipt of the necessary documents.
Speaking further on the use of technology, Minister Duh said that at present, subjects such as block-chains, electronic discovery, cybersecurity, robotics, AI and bioethics are taught in schools. There are no laws in different countries.
One of the members said, “When we arrested him (suspected drug dealer) he offered us money.
The main issue demanded by the CoMSO is to amend Paragraph 12A(b) and Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule.
However, in the case of the 20 states which have chosen the first option to fill the shortfall from the implementation of the GST, the requirement to introduce these changes has been removed. Thus, these 20 states which have selected the first option are ready to generate T.68,825 crore through borrowing.
Shillong, Nailur 20: To continue the demand that the government should temporarily suspend the policemen who were allegedly involved in the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, four policemen have been arrested. The FKJGP, KSU, RBYF and HNYF today held a protest in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah at Barik.
In 2017-18, there were Rs 6.92 crore Income Tax collections.
Rimpu said that the people will benefit from this soskular.
In the complaint, the HYC demanded that the MHRC should punish the Assam police according to the rules of law and at the same time should order to pay compensation to the injured.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Anita said it is necessary for women to come forward to take part in the election.
The union also thanks the SDRC team for testing the drinking water and for bringing to light this mistake of the PHE. and the government should fulfill its duty.
He said that they will continue to expand in the North East.
The government has already deployed all the security forces to ensure that no incident will occur on the polling day.
When asked what he has to say about the protests by some against the bill, the CEM said, “That shows that the Khasi spirit in them is no longer there and if they still are, The Khasi soul will not be against this law.
“Even the District Task Force Committee which should search and monitor to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners within the state border has not been appointed. pat is not fully implemented now.
If there is a job, the government has to increase the price of the test, he said to the DHS and the Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment Committee has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to review the price of the test.
Petrol pumps, shops that don't offer food.
He explained the naming of the airport by saying that 'Donyi' means Sun and 'Polo' means Moon.
There are dozens of villages on this road which leads to Assam. The deterioration of this road has been going on for many years but the PWD has not repaired this road. which was filled with the snow.
At the same time, Dohlieng said why Ardent should oppose the UDP's desire to nominate Paul Lyngdoh as a candidate in the MP election because this is their household chore and they They don't have the right to argue about this, and how can Bah Ardent know about the defeat of Bah Paul in the MP election? you can't accept it.
Supply chains used in the green hydrogen and clean hydrogen industries and electricity industries from renewable sources.
The award will be for those who have passed SSLC, HSSLC and above and those who have scored 60% or above.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Catholic Association Shillong today which led a march to pray for peace in Manipur after a prayer held at St. Anthony's School Ground. Petition to the President of India for the establishment of peace in Manipur.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, has informed these doctors that they are aware of what the state government is doing. They have met with the Union Minister recently to discuss their issue.
Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times gave a talk on 'Propelling Life: Environment and Sustainability'
At the same time, the union expresses its concern and complaints about the lack of electricity in this area where the people are living in darkness without light.
He has also worked with PIB Mumbai for more than 50 years where he has been responsible for providing information on various programs at home and abroad including the International Film Festival of India (IFFI), Goa.
The State Police have also registered a Suo-Moto case on 09/01/2019 against the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organization (CoHSO) which has called for a night curfew on 09/01/2 from 7 pm to 5 pm on 11/01/2019 in Meghalaya, this is also against the order of the High Court of Meghalaya which has banned the curfew. in any way that may affect the peace and order.
The opening ceremony at YMCA Mawkhar is the beginning of the training sessions around the country through the group and Bah Renikton congratulated them for their success.
The Government has taken seriously the 36 hour curfew called by the illegal organization especially on the day of the visit of the President of the country, which is the first visit after the President of the country. was elected to this honorable office.
However, it appears that the Karbi and Nepalis have an agreement to stay in Assam and only the Khasi-Pnars want to come to Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 26: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today confirmed that he has resigned from the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Democratic Alliance (PDA) will appoint two new EMs, one from the UDP and one from the HSPDP.
The poster display was conducted at all 10 households in the village to raise awareness among the residents about the disease, the symptoms of the disease, what to do and what to avoid. that this disease may not spread.
Three Bangladeshi nationals have been arrested by the residents of Tishang Nongjri village, Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, East Khasi Hills District. while they were stealing trees from the village forest to smuggle them across the river to Bangladesh.
The District Administration should take responsibility for this incident. The actions of the District Administration have angered and this action is like aiding.
This statement may not appear or reach other parts of our country, but we state here in our state, with great gratitude to the people of this state, who many of our communities understand, and are moving in the right direction.
Speaking to reporters, CoRP President Bandary Ryntathiang said the CoRP supports the protest of the VPP under the leadership of Ardent Basaiawmoit. Reservation Policy has been changed.
The Home Minister also prayed for the recovery of Captain Varun Singh who is in critical condition.
Shillong, Naitung 31: There are 55 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills. , West Garo Hills 32, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
The purpose of the visit of the Committee of the Legislative Assembly to Shillong is to hear what the District Councils and civil society have to say on the areas that the Central Government has already prepared to introduce. amendment to the Sixth Schedule.
In fact, we are fighting to refrain from holding strikes because we know that it will affect the poor especially the workers.
As the High Court has not suspended or issued a stay order, the NRAI has proceeded with the election of office bearers.
At that time, Bah Rev Roy saw far away that there was a need for something to separate the nation, because if we were to fall into the big sea as a small nation, we would lose our way. Because of this, he thought about what should be done to protect the nation.
In his speech, Bah Nongrum urged all the members to have the same opinion not only to their fellow members but to unite for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole, especially in the field of It is with the struggle for the ILP because it is a sword to protect the nation.
We urge the Dorbar Shnongs especially in the border areas to be prepared whether by fire or blood to protect their areas from attacks especially by Bangladeshis.
This is according to a statement sent and signed by the parents of the children who send them to government SSA schools.
India has a patriotic culture.
Due to the heavy traffic jam, the Ri-Bhoi Police in the evening have banned all vehicles from entering Shillong and passing through the Damsite Bridge while the repairs are ongoing.
There are dates that are memorable, said Prime Minister Duh.
On the other hand, the Umroi MLA said that the government should look into issuing announcements, not just announce without thinking of the farmers, this is unacceptable.
The tourist attractions under the jurisdiction of the Mawlyngbna Dorbar Shnong in Lawbah area below Mawsynram on the road to Hat Mawdon include Umkhakoi Dam, Guest House, Split Rock, Umdiengkaiñ Water Fall, Trekking to Luri Lura Market and Fossil Area.
The sale of these almanacs will start from 11.00 am to 2.00 pm. The price of the multi-page almank this year will be T.80 tyngka and the one-page will be sold at the price is T.
Regarding the appointment of new EMs, Bah PN Syiem said that this is the responsibility of the CEM to appoint anyone from among the MDCs in the constituency. PDF.I will do this when the Governor of the State has issued a public announcement accepting the resignation of the three EMs”.
The Chief Minister's Special Assistant Scheme 2012, 2012, has been implemented by the CDPO offices of different blocks. I haven't received my 2013 report yet.
The union will visit from time to time to look into this matter so that the students can get jobs in this newly established port.
Before the opening ceremony, Bah Skor Jala, Chairman of Nongshad Nongkhein, conducted a prayer.
Returning to Assam, he said many Congress leaders have been killed by the insurgents in Karbi Anglong and North Catcher Hills districts.
He also encouraged the students to take part in such programs so that they can stand on their own feet especially in this time of poverty.
On the same day, the MDC of Lawsohtun Pyllun, Bah Shullai, also handed over the documents related to other schemes to be implemented in Lawsohtun Pyllun village worth T.42 lakh. These documents were handed over to Bah H Ryntathiang Secretary MCIC for the implementation of development schemes within the constituency.
This assistance has been handed over to the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to look after the needs.
“We understand that the BJP Government's secret intentions in implementing the CAA have something behind it which those in power in Delhi understand better.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by officials from SMB, PHE, Meghalaya Pollution Board and MBDA who were present to understand how to maintain the wells.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed three deaths from COVID-19 positive, one from East Jaintia Hills and two from East Khasi Hills. The total number of deaths was
Shillong, Lber 06: NEIGRIHMS has been recognized as a training center in the field of medical ethics by UNESCO in the field of herbal medicine. Your medical education is available at medical schools around the world.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that at present only 400 people can be tested per day at Tura and NEIGRIHMS and the testing center at Pasture Institute is under construction and within a day it will be able to test. complete this test area.
It was also a long-standing claim.
These two acts are laws without purpose what is the point of having laws without purpose.
Speaking before the launch of the channel, Chairman of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, “The reason why we are going ahead with this project today as you can see is because of the shortage of of information on the work of the Council and also the foundation of KHADC,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The CoMSO has expressed its regret to hear from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma that the Government of India has not read the ILP Resolution of the Legislative Assembly. which has only 2 pages for almost a year now.
Shillong, November 10: The 11-hour curfew imposed by the North East Student Organization (NSU) in the North East of India has ended without any incident.
There is no clarity on the status of Dorbar Shnongs, Raids or Himas under the Constitution or under the Sixth Scheduled to date.
Early this morning, police raided their residence in Mawlai area but found that these people had already fled.
As the struggle for the independence of the state has been started by the ethnic parties like the APHLC, HSPDP, this time too, it is believed that they will get more leaders. It is clear that they cannot escape from the government's cooperation.
A. Sangma, Havildar (HG) and Bah Pynkhambor Harris Khongsngi, Senior Staff Officer (CD).
In the afternoon, a Prayer Dance from St. Mary Mazzarello Convent, Jowai Diocese, a Choir Piece from Bl.
At present, the BSF has been able to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh by about 70 percent. This hard work of the BSF has led to the increase in the price of cattle in the North of the country.
BSF troops have arrested Raj Kumar Mahato, 32, of West Bengal and Tapas Mondal, 40, of West Bengal.
For the sake of the people, we request the people of Ri Lum Jaintia, Village Leaders, owners and drivers of vehicles and also all the members of the Sengbhalang to support us in this strike.
The BRIC will promote activities in the North East to boost income, as this region will be the centerpiece of income growth for India as a whole.
The General Secretary of the party, Samla Donal V Thabah, said that the government should not give them land. Government employees because after retirement they have to leave.
The Election Department of East Garo Hills District has also worked to remove all the Christmas and New Year banners put up by various candidates in the district. violation of election law.
According to the directive of the Central Government, if any state fails to complete the road for which they have applied for funds from the Central Government through the PMGSY scheme due to a mistake in the construction of the scheme, the State Government will have to to draw from its pocket to complete the remaining road as soon as it reaches a village.
On this day, Khasi children from all over Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills attended the 124th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem to enrich this day with performances and songs by groups. Different branches of the Seng Khasi.
Therefore, if the government really cares about agriculture, it should not just talk about agriculture but should show by deeds. it shall not profit if it be not done.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr J Lyngwa, District Tuberculosis Officer, East Khasi Hills, said that most of the people who get the disease do not take the medicine properly because the medicine should be maintained. linter for five months.
The money has already been used to spend on the demolition of 57 illegally built Coke factories. The money has already been paid from the state government budget. which is spent.
U Bah Metbah said that since the construction of the building, there have been many problems from time to time but he expressed his gratitude for the cooperation and responsibility taken by the officers of all government agencies.
According to the MLAs who have just won the first election, the training was scheduled to be held on the 10th and 11th of this month but for unavoidable reasons it has been postponed to the 24th. and 25th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Police today arrested four persons suspected of being involved in the robbery of a police vehicle at Laitumkhrah Police Station on Friday night, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District.
During the meeting, the leaders of the party led by the president of the party, Bah Samuel Biam, also said that the government should take action against the garbage dump which has destroyed the area. Representative.
“This will be something that we as citizens have to take responsibility for ourselves,” he said, urging people not to be misled by unfounded news about the vaccine. COVID-19.
After confirming that they will receive this money, the EC which met today has decided to allocate Rs 1 crore to the MDCs to send the scheme.
General Secretary of KSU JHDU. “Every time the talks on the border settlement are approaching, the Assam police are ready to attack and commit acts of violence instead of bringing peace in these areas.
Khliehriat, Nailar 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its regret over the delay of the State Government in getting land for the construction of Entry & Exit Points. in Malidor East Jaintia Hills.
Bah Madonbai Rymbai, CEM of JHADC, said that this is only his opinion and he has spoken to some of his fellow MDCs. Rule" path is not allowed.
Regarding the HSPDP, PDF and UDP, these parties will not be able to reach the goal of forming a government because they have their constituencies only in Khasi Hills and not only in Jaintia Hills. There is no land here and there in Garo Hills.
At the same time, the HNLC said that until the peace talks are concluded, the people can contribute to the party, said Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Spokesperson of the HNLC in a statement. in these few days.
Nirmala Sitharaman stressed, “This has been achieved because of good policies, good intentions, and appropriate decisions.
The police have been conducting a search operation in the area to chase away the insurgents. Police have not yet been able to identify whether the kidnappers belong to the insurgents. thief robber.
The candidates who have already been announced for the JHADC are Emlangky Lamare from Narpuh, Shanbor Lamare from Sutnga Nongkhlieh, Dr Sanky Shangpung from Bataw Lakadong and Lasky Rymbai from Tuber. Jiantia Hills.
Such an incident has happened in Uttar Pradesh and all the states have been directed to ensure that there will be no such demand for money. report to law enforcement if someone demands money.
This happened on Saturday at about 9:44 pm.
Those elected for the post of Village Leader are Shia Paslein as Rangbah Shnong and Kamnipaya Paslein as Secretary. The counting of votes was conducted by the former Rangbah Shnong and former Secretary Shnong.
Early detection of HIV positive patients is essential to facilitate the journey of those infected to receive early treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The All Khasi Hills A.Chick Federation (AKHAF) has sent a letter to the Expert Committee urging the committee to maintain the employment situation in Meghalaya as it is.
He said that the HNLC should take action in coming to the table of negotiations and he said that he cannot blame anyone on this issue but the state and the country Hynniewtrep has a need for peace and harmony.
On the 16th, Tirot Singh Syiem was honored at Nongkhlaw West Khasi Hills.
Chouhan said the first program after becoming Prime Minister Duh for the third term was the release of the 17th phase of PM KISAN worth more than T 20,000 crore to distribute to more than 9.26 crore farmers. They should not benefit from what the Prime Minister has done by visiting Varanasi.
Hi Hind!.
Prisca Pyngrope, one of the Para-Athlete Specially Abled wrestlers, said that this is her first time to take part in the tournament to be held in Maharashtra.
According to sources close to the BJP party, if there is no more decision, the names of the candidates will be announced tomorrow. announce again next Monday.
Those in favor of the motion have raised their own reasons, while those opposing the motion have raised their own reasons.
In connection with this incident, the DC of South West Garo Hills District has imposed section 144 CrPC in Mahendraganj.
In terms of employment, many of the youth of the state have had to leave the state to look for jobs abroad due to the lack of factories that can provide employment. The government will no longer be able to employ the students of the state.
On the same day, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla also delivered a video address from Delhi.
