Shillong, November 15: The 29th State Karate Championship 2023 was held at the JN Stadium in Shillong on Thursday. a Ball.
Bah Tarzon Lymba, President of the HNYF, who conducted the meeting, said that the HNYF is still opposed to starting this work.
However, we have not yet accepted the handover of the EMRI-108 to be operated by the company,” he said.
The first piglets produced by the department, which were bred from the mother pig by injection, were delivered to the research center of the department in Upper Shillong.
Latest sources close to the Chief Minister have confirmed that he is now in Delhi to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India and the Cabinet in the government. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has failed to win the Lok Sabha elections but has only one MP in the Rajya Sabha. W.R Kharlukhi.
The 25 points included in the Manifesto were released by UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh with a commitment to strengthen the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and proposed to the Government to call for peace talks. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, the President of MPLU said that the reason why they are against the appointment of Roa as CS is by leaving behind Bah Hector Marwein who is older. rather than Rao in office.
H.Wanshong, General Secretary, KSU-Laban Circle in a statement today.
The Prime Minister said that there is a need to explain more to the public regarding the MHIS scheme to better understand and be able to achieve 100% registration this year.
Dr. Jitendra Singh expressed his satisfaction that the United Fund of T.25 crore allocated to the North Eastern States in October last year for the purpose of fighting the spread of COVID-1 19 It has been of benefit to many states to purchase the necessary medical equipment in many hospitals.
HM Shangpliang, MLA of the constituency, said that his leadership with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare is to look into the problems faced by the people in terms of health facilities. In this area, with this visit of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, he hopes that he will be able to improve the employment opportunities of the people.
The Panchayati Ray has no right to come to the state because it is against the Constitution of India.
The Madanryting Catholic Church invites and invites the parishioners of the Shillong Diocese to witness this day.
The Joint Director of Civil Hospital Shillong, Shillong, said that if any of the family members, friends or relatives know of the incident, please come and bury the body of Bah Rilang Lamare. at the morgue of Shillong Hospital.
All these are the result of human activities and show man's attack on the earth.
“This issue has been raised in relation to the recruitment of AYUSH doctors in the government service, and that the time has come to recruit more staff for the establishment of the Directorate of AYUSH (as "It appears in the media many times," said Dr. Lyngdoh.
Police have stopped all the vehicles to check whether they have licenses or not. During the search, police found that many of them do not have licenses.
Referring to those who have returned from Gujarat, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the total number of returnees from Gujarat is 231 and the testing of them is ongoing at the designated centers in each district. You are from the Khasi Hills.
The reason is that we have lost the basic foundation of the nation because we have forgotten and despised our own culture.
He stressed in the states that the implementation of the three-month curfew is essential to curb the spread of the corona virus.
She also expressed her satisfaction to see the discipline of the students and the talents they have shown on this day.
During their visit, they met only the MLA of Mawsynram while they could not find the others.
On this day we will be able to explain about the problems faced by the people regarding the Aadhaar Number.
In the morning match between Goa and Mizoram, they also failed to score.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Central Government has decided that all Central Government departments and State Governments should not hold the appointment letters of those who have passed the examinations even if they have not yet received them. certificates on the qualifications of the person or persons who are eligible for employment.
Monideepa Mukerjee, Director General, PIB West Zone, told the media about the steps taken by the PIB for the IFFI this year.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Government through the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan (RMSA) has provided assistance to Upper Primary Schools which are still in Class IIIX to produce Class IX & X which the RMSA will assist in the construction of. The classrooms and four teachers and other requirements have not been met, which has caused problems to the students who are still in class IX.
All residents should stay at home, wear masks, not interact with others and listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing. breathe.
The Chief Minister said that at present in Shillong 60% of the health centers in Shillong are filled with patients and the total number of cases has reached 2000 people. books to 5000 people will put the state in great trouble.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Chief Minister of Mizoram Lal Thanhawla today visited the Army Recruitment Center in Aizwal to encourage the youth of Mizoram to join the Army to protect the country. he country.
Shillong, Nailur 28: Rapleng Village under Mawkynrew Constituency has started to attract many tourists from the beauty of the place, but there are still people who come to visit the place. By breaking the items they bring, it is another cleanliness to see because of the immorality.
COMSO will write letters to these thinkers in these days, they will be retired IAS, political leaders, officers, teachers in universities and colleges such as The delegation will meet with these thinkers at two places, in Shillong for the Khasi Hills and in Tura for the Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today convened a meeting of all political parties at the MLA Hostel to discuss the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.
The donation was also accompanied by the Secretary of the Village Council Bah S.Dkhar and the officials of the Village Council of Rngikseh.
Finally, I wish you all a happy Seng Kut Snem and we wish each other that we will be happy in all aspects and that we will 'bear holy fruit'
The program was enriched by the participation of parents, elders of the area along with songs and dances by the students.
Eleven teams from all over India in the men's and women's categories will take part in the tournament.
He said that at the time of its inception in 1979, KAS was only responsible for teachers who have written books, but now a change has been made in which some members of the organization have joined newly. there are still two members who have been there since the beginning.
Guwahati, June 29: The Minority Welfare Society of Assam (MIWSO) has re-elected Mukhtar Hussain Ahmed Choudhury as its president for the next three years. The election was held in Guwahati at the 17th Annual General Meeting of the party.
The Prime Minister said that this victory has been achieved in the past but sports in India has not improved due to corruption and discrimination.
Speaking to media at Pinewood Hotel Shillong, the Chief Minister said that the exhibition will be organized in collaboration with the state government, the Salon International Agricultural Council of France and others. by Inter Ads New Delhi.
During the meeting, the Union Minister said that the Union Government is ready to cooperate with the State Government for many schemes and urged that the schemes that have gone to Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has said that the project should be completed as soon as possible.
The price reduction is per box, this reduction is for some kyiad whose shortage is T.25/- per box, some for T.150/- and some for T.200/- On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that with this reduction, he hopes that the revenue collection will increase.22: Ka Myntri ba The Information Technology Department of the Government of Meghalaya today distributed laptops to 204 students who topped the Class X and Class XII examinations 2017 from MBOSE, ISC and CBSE. The ceremony was held at Yojana Bhavan, Shillong.
In his speech, the MLA of this area U.Ismail R.Marak said that he is very grateful to the people of this area who have donated the land for the construction of this school. public interest.
Shillong, March 26: The traffic jam from Puriang to Thadlaskein Lake today lasted for more than three hours and this is the first time that there has been a traffic jam since the opening of the Shillong Bye Pass.
The Central Government has already released T.127 crore under Article 275(1) of the Constitution of India for the implementation of the schemes sent by the Meghalaya Government.
Shillong, June 21: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday said that he supports the PWD Minister Prestone Tynsong for removing the contractor for the construction of the Mawlai By-Pass Road. that he has delayed the completion of the road.
Shillong, July 10: As part of the Amrit Mahotsav celebrations, the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) has held a meeting on the theme 'Money Generation through Markets'
Regarding the collapse of the Dome, the main reason is that there is no understanding between the design company and the contractor and the BRC. Before that, all the members of the HPC should send a message to the government to look into the reasons why the Dome collapsed.
Therefore, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle requests all the Kur Dkhars especially those who fall under the SKDJH-Wapung Circle to join hands by taking time to attend the event. Dorbar Kur of the Kur Dkhar, so that the affairs of the Kur may go smoothly, with peace and harmony.
The Foundation has written a letter to the Chief Minister of the State to ask him to take action against this issue, which is a threat to the people working in the field of development. read books.
Out of these three Regional Committees appointed by the two state governments, two of them have already sent their reports to the Chief Ministers of the states for discussion tomorrow in Nongbah. Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Road Construction Department of the State has received sanction for the payment of land for the construction of the Shillong-Jingjal road in Garo Hills which passes through Nongstoin.
To do this, 56 towers are needed to be constructed along the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the President of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the Legislative Assembly has decided to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages. in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The BJP Youth Wing (BJYM) today held a protest near the Additional Secretariat to condemn the MUA-II government. The Congress party is in Meghalaya.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its anger over the lack of maintenance of the National Highway-6 and Sutnga-Saipung roads by the State Government.
Shillong, June 27: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma, who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP), has met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Delhi. He said that the visas of some religious leaders have been canceled despite working in India for more than 30 years.
The meeting was attended by the Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor BDR Tiwari, Secretary, Department of Education, Meghalaya.
These forests which have been transformed are the Synshar, the Slatyrpat, the Head, the Siej, the Tree, and the Sohmarit.
Shillong, June 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today addressed the House on his meeting with Union Minister Piyush Goyal. to lift the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
The KSU said that until now, it has not been able to hold football matches in the 1st and 2nd division for about 10 seasons.
“By saying that the BJP is the NPP, they forget that the whole world knows that the President of the BJP is Jaggat Prakash Nadda and the Prime Minister is Narendra Modi and there is not a single member of the NPP. The NPP is the only member of the NDA coalition government formed during the tenure of the late Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday suggested that there should be a combined 80 percent reservation for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo communities to prevent the discrimination against the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo communities. canoe canoe you nation.
This night curfew will not apply to Shilai, those employed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, those involved in selling Dawki, Police and Police Forces, Fire Brigade, MeECL , NEEPCO, Power Grid, Army.
Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said the Food and Civil Supplies Department currently has 612 lakh tonnes of rice at the FCI warehouses to feed 81 crore people. eat.
However, on 19th November 2013, some people together with those who were expelled from the party formed an illegal committee under the leadership of Abul Kalam and to claim that they are The GDTOA leaders have already filed a complaint with the court, where the hearing is still ongoing.
The fund for the construction of these two schools was provided through the Asian Development Bank.
This was announced by Bah Thomas Passah Secretary KHNAM Central Election Committee.
He said that UCIL should inform the central government authorities to end the uranium mining project in the state.
All these will be ensured to be provided.
On the other hand, the residents of the village said that according to the news released on Tuesday, the allegation that politicians are involved is not true but only the exploiters. it was dark, not as it was written, when the chiefs and the priests came out for five years.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Speaking at a meeting held by the FKJGP at Soso Tham Auditorium to congratulate Wellbirth Rani on the resignation of the President of the FKJGP, Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, said that don't choose the merchants, but choose the people who can do the work.
He is also the son of Ambrosia Lyngdoh Thaiang of Mawbri Village, Ri Bhoi and the youngest brother of Father Sngi Lyngdoh.
Minister Duh said the summit is not just a meeting.
These 71 groups cover the entire state. The detailed information has been handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take the necessary action. other.
On this occasion, it was reminded that as the party, we will not allow anyone who intends to attack the jaidbynriew. for the sake of the present heritage and for the sake of the future heritage and that they should not hesitate to speak out for laws to protect the entire nation.
This is against the law and according to the law those who commit this crime should be punished.
Shillong, Lber 19: The FKJGP Mawkhan Unit led by Samla Trycolour Kurkalang President and General Secretary Samla Kyrshan Langstieh on March 14, 2018 has sent a letter to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to urge the to curb the presence of illegal drug dealers in the border area of ​​Lum Shyllong, to prevent the illegal felling of trees in the surrounding areas of Lum Shyllong, to curb the pollution of the environment in the parts of Lum Shyllong and surrounding areas and also to take action against the influx of those who come to do Awria activities in these areas.
Police said that if anyone has any information about the whereabouts of the deceased, please contact the OC of Laban Police Station at 0364-2223168 and at the Police Control Room. 0364-2222277.
The robbers broke the skylight and entered the shop and took away expensive mobile phones.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
After investigation by the members of KSU Umsning Circle, the Umsning Police have taken the initiative to repatriate these foreigners and confirmed that they will be repatriated immediately to Assam.
Regarding the foreign workers, the memorandum was signed by Lamphrang Kharbani President and Wyraiwan Sohtun Assistant Secretary. .
The idea for the book was inspired by the cave at Mawmluh and the presence of stalagmite in the cave helped determine the onset of Meghalayan Age.
The Central Government has already released T.34,140.00 crore before this release.
He said that after 61 years we will finally get the AIN to empower the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs, and congratulated the KHADC authorities who are ready to introduce the Village Administration Bill
In a statement, the Secretary of Baikam Village said that at this meeting, the Khasi Pnar men and women living in this village unanimously decided that they want to join Meghalaya but not. only a few people wanted to join the State of Assam.
The distribution of rice is 5 kilo per head for those who have ration cards AAY or PHH. While Dai is distributed 1 kilo per ration card AAY and PHH. In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner has directed the vendors to deliver to the ration shops of those FP Dealers who cannot bring by themselves due to lack of vehicle pass.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The CoMSO today started implementing the ILP by searching for foreigners to enter the State.
There are 32 cases from Ratachera, 205 cases from Byrnihat, 39 cases from Bajengdoba and 8 cases from Titkrikilla.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Ministry of Home Affairs, Meghalaya Government has issued a government announcement setting up a committee to look into the Reservation Roster with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as its Chairman.
The village council has sent the decision to its MLA Mayralborn Syiem and MDC Balajied Ranee to inform them of the decision.
Shillong, Lber 08: A delegation led by JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kerry Pohtam and Wansalan Patwet, Vice President of Jowai Municipal District on Tuesday visited the Jowai Municipal School. JSU Jowai Circle on Tuesday arrested a suspected robber on the National Highway Jowai-Amlarem.
When I asked him to approve four names from among us to the Prime Minister for some posts, he himself left the house to send a letter to Bah AL Hek. and send for it in thy name.
The cows were taken from the house of Filbat Sangma from Nurubguoara village and were supposed to be delivered to Ashab Ali, a Bangladeshi buyer. Bangladesh.
He said that along with this initiative, a proposal has come from the Agriculture Department of the State Government through the Minister to get land to open the market for the farmers and for the benefit of the people of the area. Fear.
In this regard, the Chief Minister explained to the members of the Coordination Committee that the intention of the government is to raise more revenue for the jobs in the state which are paid highly. part of the whole state.
Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh urged any company that wants to operate 108 vehicles to cooperate with the state owners, the existing 108 employees.
Shillong, Lber 30 : The Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) of Shella Bholaganj Block on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding the murder of The two foreigners were arrested recently in Ichamati.
The Minister of PWD, the Minister of Home Affairs has many tasks to do what they should do for this site. A meeting will be convened and soon the government will The Government's wish is that this work should be completed.
Telinia Thankhiew today moved a motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee.
She said that the case is still under trial, so she appealed to the political parties not to take advantage.
On the other hand, the leaders of HANM who arrived at the site to visit the office of the HANM said that the shortage of people living in these villages is excessive.
Speaking to the residents and members of the Self-Help Groups in Laitsohpliah, Conrad K. Sangma said that in the last 45 years since independence, the state has been able to develop The number of women SHGs has increased to 5000 and financial assistance worth Rs 30-35 crore has also been secured.
The Government will now be responsible for the expenses of the students of the school who are talented in sports and these expenses include accommodation, education, insurance and medical expenses, training in the sports activities and support, representation on various sports platforms, salaries of coaches and staff, sports equipment, and much more.
The Head of State of India arrived at the EAC today and this is his first visit to the EAC since he assumed office. Lily Raha, President of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA) attended the two-day meeting of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA). India was invited by  Air Marshal RK Jolly VM VSM ADC, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Eastern Air Command.
There is now an opportunity for the farmers, the owners of these Law Kyntang, Law Kyntang, Law Raid, Law Adong Shnong, Law Kur and Private Law, to receive payment for the management of forests through this market. documents shall be provided to show the activities of these managers of these forests.
He said that such incidents have brought a bad reputation to the state and the city of Shillong as a whole in front of the world. When asked whether there are any organizations involved, he said that they don't know yet.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Regarding the meeting of the MDCs of KHADC with the Chief Minister to convene a special session, the Chief Minister has promised to convene a special session. The MDCs of KHADC have met with the Chief Minister to request for a special session to replace Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem as the leader of the KHADC. The KHADC and this can only be done by the House because the Chief Executive Member of the District Councils is elected by the House and to remove them has to be done by the House.
The mobile shop has no name but it has a sign that reads “Stall No-213E, this shop is located on the road to Iewduh. investigation to find the thieves.
All the speakers including KSU President Daniel Khyriem, FKJGP President Joe Marwein and other speakers said that this act is unthinkable. The leaders are willing to do this which affects the education of the youth in this state.
The trafficking of cows has spread to Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and SWGH District. Every time the BSF arrests the traffickers, they don't respond. Nongstoin, Iaiong 09: The elders of Nongtrai area under the Nongstoin Hima which includes 20 villages have held a meeting to discuss how to smuggle cattle to Bangladesh. in preventing neighborhood and regional crime.
However, thanks to the vigilance of the BSF, the smuggling was stopped.
Lymphuid Primary Unit, President UnileDilar, Gen Secretary Sony Khorai and 30 members.
Phrikshon Kharshiing was elected as Secretary in charge of Finance, Dr. Barika Khyriem as Secretary in charge of Finance, Dr. Thomlin Lynshing as Editor, Dr. Rolingstone Wankhar as Secretary in charge of Publishing.
The Executive Engineer said that according to Section 8 (i) of the RTI Act 2005, the answer to this question cannot be given.
The relationship between Shillong Lajong FC and the company has been going on for three years and the company is still supporting the club.
He said that in the next three years, 1000 hectares of lemon grass will be planted.
According to sources, the deceased was identified as Bah Tinystar Kyrwa from Jakrem village in South West Khasi Hills District on 30th October .
After the first half, Lajong gained strength and in the 34th minute through Japanese forward Takuto Miki, Lajong took the lead 2-1
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynsngianlang N Syiem to submit to him the documents to prove that the Ummat village is located in the state of Meghalaya.
He said that SPIKAP is conducting an investigation to investigate all the traditional healers, including inviting everyone to take pictures and write down the names of all the herbs they use.
After the speech by the resource person, a question and answer session was also held in which the youths, both men and women, asked questions.
The Minister said that this public place which has been built by the government is for the use of the people in many ways where they can use this place for marriage and for weddings. holding public meetings.
Guwahati, April 14: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of projects worth more than Rs 3,400 crore in Guwahati, Assam.
Shillong, November 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today demanded that the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) should allow indigenous students to write the examination. State as they want.
The Lamphang said the deadline for the completion of the construction of the new Assembly will be before November or April,
The PRO of NEEPCO said that until today there has been no written comment regarding the allocation of electricity to Meghalaya. The electricity supply to Meghalaya has remained the same as in the past months.
The old ones have lost their trust, the new ones are still waiting to trust.
Those who have passed class X, while those who have passed class VIII, will be eligible to apply for the recruitment. For more information, please visit the Notice Board of the Directorate of Information and Public Relations, Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
Referring to the judiciary, he said the High Court of the state will not start next month after the separation between the Judiciary and the Executive.
Bodies like SCC, UPSC and RRB have created many job opportunities with new ways of working.
The screening of the film was held in Guwahati on 13th June, 2017 to win the Best Film, Best Director and Best Female Actor awards. The award was won for Best Female Actor, while the Best Director award was rejected after losing by a few points, said Bobby Basaiamoit.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Police today arrested four KSU members on charges of involvement in the burning of trucks in Laitkor area during the protest.
Three of the occupants of the Thar vehicle were identified as Bah Dapbor Syiemiong who escaped without injuries and two others were identified as Kong Saniti Dkhar and Kong Karen Dkhar.
Due to the collapse of these two bridges in the floods, the Garobadha-Dalu road (NH 51) and the Purakhasia-Mahendraganj road have been closed to vehicles to expedite the work on these bridges. The two places are located in the AEE, PWD (Roads), Mahendraganj Sub-Division.
Your request was granted.
Speaking to the public, he said that this area has many opportunities to improve income and this area will be a gateway to others. countries of the southern Asian continent.
We have collected donations to send to the refugees living in temporary camps,” said the President of CAS.
Vehicles passing on this road heading to the western parts of Assam, Tripura and Mizoram, the residents who pass by this road said whether the Meghalaya government cannot Talk to the Central Government about the loss of this road.
Regarding the employment in Meghalaya, HANM has not yet issued such a policy, what is available is only the decision of the government. The Government has appealed to the Supreme Court on this issue to explain to the public the ban to remove from the minds of the people and to resolve this so that the state will not face problems in the coming years. side.
His daily words were, “To serve, and not to be served” (Mt.20:28).
Seven cases from East Khasi Hills District, five cases from Ri Bhoi District, two cases from West Garo Hills and one case from West Jaintia Hills District have recovered from the disease. Two cases have been confirmed, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi.
He said that the entry and exit of Pyndemumiong has been closed in the past few days due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
“At present, there is a need for a lot of assistants because the staff have to be employed in hospitals and this should not be ignored,” said Dr A War Director, Health Department.
The Best Comedy Influencer award went to Chi-iung.
The Chief Minister said that the Road Construction Department of the Union Government has handed over to the NHIDCL to prepare the DPR and the State Government has also taken action to ensure that the construction of this road will be completed. it's not too late.
The temperature in the city in the past years during the summer was between 25 and 29 degrees Celsius but now the temperature has risen to 39 degrees Celsius. more than 100,000 have been killed in the past forty years.
According to sources, the incident occurred when a truck went to the wrong place.
Answering a supplementary question by Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, who asked what the government has done to improve the crematoria to attract tourists, the Minister said that the government has struggled to improve the roads leading to the creeks by building footpaths.
The Minister said that the elderly man who suffered from this disease is in good health and is undergoing treatment.
Kharjahrin also alleged that the enforcement of CrPC 144 in Shillong is to prevent anyone from protesting publicly because of the defeat of the MLAs in power.
After submitting the writings, Bah Distar Jana told reporters that the writings submitted to the KHADC are to demand from the District Council authorities to resolve the issues in the village. Dira which the Priest has violated the rules of the village.
In Qatar, I look forward to meeting Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, the Amir, who has led Qatar to witness economic development and great transformation.
With this amendment from Article 18, it will amount to Article
There are now more than 71,000 youth members in the NCC. He said that the target of the NCC is to attract women to join the NCC and the reserved share is 33% of the total. for women.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 9075 and the death toll has risen to
The HYC demands that the great Syiem of the Hima Maharam should be named after him as he was the last Syiem who fought against the British to escape from being enslaved by foreigners.
However, the union will not be satisfied with what the government has done and wants to see that the Blood Bank at Jowai Civil Hospital should be operational and will continue until the end of the year. 15th of April.
In order to ensure victory, you don't have to respect the party.
Many of the family members of the MLAs attended the swearing-in ceremony.
Muktiar Bimol Lynhdohgiri said that the verdict was issued on the 2nd of this month. Binol thanked all those who have given their support in this regard.
When contacted by the Chief Engineer of the National Highway to find out the reason for the collapse, the Chief Engineer did not answer the phone.
The Minister urged all those who are eligible to come forward to benefit from PMJAY, which is the largest insurance scheme which provides assistance of up to T.5 lakh per poor household per annum. for hospital beds.
In their speeches, all the UDP leaders expressed their hope that this time it will be the turn of the ethnic parties to form a government in collaboration between the three parties. Shillong, July 12; Anita Synrem today announced that she will contest the upcoming MLA elections in Meghalaya as an independent candidate from the 14-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner is of the opinion that if allowed, it will cause traffic jams, disturbance of passengers, peace and order, if there are any public gatherings without permission from the authorities. day paint.
Nongbri beat Mawrie 2-0, Kharumnuid beat Lyngdoh Mawlieh 2-0, Kharumnuid beat Lyngdoh Mawlieh 2-0, Kharumnuid beat Lyngdoh Mawlieh beat Sun 2-0 Mawnai Lyngdoh Kur beat Sun3-1 against Mawnai Lyngdoh Kur.
He congratulated the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) for conducting such a training.
There are 14 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South Garo Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is
Ayushman cards.
We will firmly oppose any attempt to bring about a temporary peace that could jeopardize our presence in the country and the right to self-determination.
Referring to the students, the Chief Minister said that the students in Class XI and Class XII are still young and the government will separate them from the colleges.
Speaking to SP News Agency, CCIB General Secretary Kmen Myrshiang said he was shocked to learn of the incident and said that the Border Guard (BGB) has shocked everyone. residents of Muktapur village on the border with Bangladesh, he said how can these Bangladesh troops do this.
Tura, Naitung 26: Meghalaya Police have arrested 24 members of the ANVC(B) from Edenbari. yes from Tura West Garo Hills.
Literacy in India has increased from 560.7 million to 763.5 million according to the latest census.
Referring to the society, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that it has become a human being and it has declined in manners and dignity. man has changed the lives of young people in this age.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Cabinet has also discussed with other government departments how to find ways to raise funds. The excise department was brought into the Cabinet only on the excise department.
The purpose of the organization is to look after the welfare of the minorities in Assam. The meeting also honored Arif Ahmed Choudhury, who passed the Assam Judicial Service Examination and to  Assam Civil Service Examination.
The meeting also discussed the financial issues, the District Councils receive their share from the State Government, such as from the mineral resources which have two parts, small and large mineral resources and from the tax on vehicles collected by the government, but unfortunately, in all these years, the tax has not been properly collected.
So far, police have arrested four members of the KSU in connection with these incidents.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC Umsning on Tuesday alleged that the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is Mukul Khasi.
He or she has the right to support any candidate but should consider candidates or parties who have a strong foundation in their work.
Speaking to reporters at the office of the KSU, the KSU leader said that the government has not been able to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. The government should implement the rules to curb the entry of foreigners into the state and the acceptance or rejection of the railway line will not be discussed.
Answering a question, the Minister said that for the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills, the allocation is T.30 lakh while for other districts it is T.17 lakh. .
What remains now is that the state government will have to build the houses to start the university and will have to appoint staff and teachers at the university which the government will start implementing.
Meanwhile, the research conducted by the Commission on behalf of the JHADC includes the administration, implementation of certain laws, education, health facilities, roads and customs and traditions.
It may be recalled that the MCCEU has demanded that the government should pay their monthly salary. and the expense shall not fall upon the household.
This is due to the fact that all the areas in Meghalaya on the border with Bangladesh have not been cleared.
Shillong, July 14: Students of the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) today held a march in the middle of the rain starting from the State Central Library and proceeding in front of the Secretariat. “Yoga is life” by saying.
Langtor, Mawjarain, Eastern, Phlangdiloin, Nongtynkeh, Nongtynniaw, Mawphanrang, New-Nongtynger, Nongtinger, Nongpeinskei, Mawjaing, Mawjarain, Northern Mawjarain Lower Mawjai, New Mawjai, Northern Mawjai, Umsaw, Lawsiej, Mawlaikhop, Mawhianglang.
According to police, the three suspects, Khrawborlang Kharsohnoh (27 yrs), Koplang Khongrymmai (18 yrs) and another child Dng (16 yrs), have abducted a 1 year old girl. .
The Minister also spoke about the achievements of the country's women wrestlers in boxing, judo, wrestling and their victory in the CWG
The KHADC has collected T.39, 46, 51, 140 crore from trading license fees from 2005 to
Police said that the public should be vigilant to avoid being deceived by agents.
Another demand is that the government should issue a notification that 2021 will be the Year of the Farmers.
On the other hand, the church sees that the main reason for such incidents in India is the lack of women.
The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri was the chief guest in the presence of the President and Members of the Governing Body of Sports. the College, the Principal of the College, the Teachers and Students of the College.
They have already set up signs and paved roads for the benefit of the tourists, another to set a good example for the present heritage and the benefit of our future generations and also to bring beauty. within the community and the friendship between the community and the community.
On this occasion, a report on the forests, the forests of the kur khlaw syiem, the photography competition, the ease writing competition and a short film on Mawlyngbna village were also launched. Secretary of the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board, MBK Reddy spoke on the work of the Board. Those present were PCCF and HoFF, Meghalaya, CP Marak and PCCF (T), Meghalaya, Y.K. Shulla.
Bah Shangpliang encouraged the office bearers of the MCSWO that although this meeting is just beginning there will be many criticisms but they should continue to work with courage in order to help the villagers when They encountered problems while living in Shillong.
While the PDF, which won four MLAs this time, has won only two MLAs, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Gavin M Mylliem, while two MLAs have left and been defeated, the HSPDP, which has two MLAs, has won only two MLAs. spirit has won only two.
He is also studying in Class-II at an LP School in Umlur village and is the fourth of seven children of Bah Synshar Nongyndah and Kong Diona Marbaniang.
He said that to protect the High Masts or lighting fixtures inside the football stadium which have not been damaged, they have been reduced slightly to prevent any damage that may happen in the coming days. come.
Secretary LS Lyngdoh said that the Minister has promised to send PWD engineers to look into these issues of the Dorbar Shnong. to bring peace to the people.
Along with these programmes, former MLAs were also honored and the book Golden Meghalaya written by former Chief Minister Bindo M Lanong, Golden Momento written by by Bah Alexander Lyndem along with the performance of traditional Khasi and Garo songs by those who were invited.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Land, Bah M Wankhar, in response to the same question, said that the permit issued is not clear. The EC will look into this and if there is anything related to uranium, it will be removed.
When the troops went to the scene, they found that the Roing was located at the site of the American bomber which fell in the Second World War, about 30 km from the village and the troops walked to reach the village. to this place and stayed there for five days.
Also present were the SP of East Khasi Hills, Davis NR Marak, IPS, Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent of Police (City), Shillong, NK Syiem, MPS. Superintendent of Police (Traffic), Shillong and Dr. Sacheng R Marak, MPS.
MePDCL's payment to companies since 1st June 2016 to date is T.325 crore to NEEPCO, T.9.39 crore to NEEPCO and T.9.39 crore to NEEPCO. ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd has received T.108.70 crore and Power Grid Corporation India Ltd (PGCIL) has received T.102.61 crore.
After receiving the approval of the House, the Speaker of the House has fixed a date for the discussion on the no confidence motion against the Executive Committee led by CEM Bah Teinwell Dkhar. inside the dorbar hall in the morning after the question paper.
This meeting was fruitful and it did not help to move forward on how to achieve the prevention of foreign influx.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng, Samla Trebor R.Suchen, said that the Seng has urged the Minister to convey this message to the Khasi-Pnars living in the villages. in Block-I to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to hold talks with the Chief Minister of Assam to maintain peace and order in Block-I. The union has informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare about the shortcomings of the Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
Speaking to reporters, the CEO said that the polling process went smoothly without any incident, except for the temporary failure of the polling stations. In South Tura, three controls failed. Unit, in Ranikor three VVPat and one control unit.
The Cabinet today also approved the decision to convert all the entries from the Assam Schedule to the Meghalaya Schedule in terms of forms.
In the past, they knew first the knowledge of man and without doubt (automatically) it would come to the knowledge of God.
Father Marngar said that the body of the Archbishop has been taken from the hands of the US police. You can buy a plane ticket to Shillong.
He said that even the Meghalaya State Tennis Tournament had to be held inside the Shillong Club ground because the government grounds at Polo have not been properly maintained. make this game.
In this meeting, the CEM promised the members of the HYC that the Council will do whatever is necessary and now the KHADC is preparing the names of all the trading licenses which have already been issued. sha that bar state.
Shillong, November 21: The election to the Rabha Ajong Autonomous Council (RAAC) of Assam was held on the 16th of this month. He lodged a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs that the Assam government has conducted the election within the border of Meghalaya.
Following this letter, he said that the PHE department has released only 10 months salary to the casual employees for the month of November.
Police have charged them with various cases of kidnapping, murder, theft, robbery and assault.
On this day, it was seen that from morning to noon service, the churches were filled with believers from different Christian churches in their respective churches.
On these grounds, HANM Women's Wing urges the Prime Minister to drop the charges against Bah Arphul Kharbani under the MPDA Act. (SP News).
The loan is only for the establishment of shops, restaurants, schools and other small businesses.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, which is the first coal mining village in Jaintia Hills, in its recent dorbar, has unanimously decided that the Wapungskur Village Council will become the first coal mining village in Jaintia Hills. The National Green Tribunal (NG) has issued a statement saying that the government has decided to ban coal mining in Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Opening remarks were delivered by Dr BH Buam, President, MCTA, Dr CV Ananda Bose, IAS (Retd) and chief guest Dr H. Lamin delivered the first speech. Shillong, March 01: Shillong Police today said that a 14-year-old boy has been missing from Madanriting Shillong for almost six months.
He said that such aspirations were achieved by countless freedom fighters.
She encouraged the students to explore the cave with their teachers under the guidance of a guide so as to get a better understanding about their surroundings.
In the next 15 days, it will be integrated with Tezu and within 30 days after this, there will be integration with Ziro.
The union has warned that if it receives more such complaints, the union will not hesitate to close down the hospital. Department to please take action and address the needs of the people.
“We would also like to thank the Doctors, Counselors and staff from NEIGRIHMS Hospital who came to provide all the necessities for this program and through their cooperation we were able to make the program a success,” he said. u Chairman, Blood Donation Cell, HYC-CEC, Shillong Bah Wellanstar Warpih.
Speaking to media, Bah Titos said, “When the committee came, we expressed our opposition to the use of the term 'Unrepresented Tribe'
Tura Police said that on 29 October 2012, they received a tip that Tengsal D. Sangma had shot dead Pringchi D. Sangma and her husband Persist Ch.
The Khasi documentary film, written in English, was also screened at the Governor's House in the presence of the Principal Secretary to the Governor, KN Kumar, Father John D. Jayakumar, Bah BS Rumnong and more than 200 people from Kongthong and surrounding areas.
The Minister said that the independent inquiry commission will clarify all the allegations whether it is in any way and the independent commission of inquiry will submit its report to the government within three months. month.
Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday met with the management of the Longkmie Gas Agency (KSU) Laban Circle. The residents of Laban have complained about the lack of LPG cylinders in the past 10 years.
Those over 65 years of age, those with chronic diseases, the poor and children have been advised to stay at home. take part in the festivities, the organizers at least must have given Tika once, everyone must follow the rules laid down.
food and Public Distribution; badMinister of New and Renewable Energy.
Shillong, March 01: The ICDS Project in collaboration with the CDPO, Nongstoin on Tuesday held an outreach program on PoshanMaah and Swachhata at Hi Sevaha Trisem Hall, Nongstoin on 29th November. 2023.
Dapalei Stacy Warjri won the Best Health and Wellbeing Influencer award while Stacy Warjri won the Best Podcaster award. Ferdinand Rani, who was known as Code Freeman.
At this meeting, the Cabinet approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Legal Services Rules, which was enacted in 1998, to increase the salary from T.1 lakh to T.3 lakh. amount.
Within the borders of the Khasi Hills we don't want foreigners to have their own Dorbar because all the Dorbars in this Hill should belong to the Khasi and the government should not push or recognize anyone. nor to the dorbar of foreigners as requested.
After this, there will be a meeting with the party president, office bearers, party leaders and state officials.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Congress party in Meghalaya and other states of India today held a protest against the removal of Rahul Gandhi as MP. of the Lok Sabha.
The JSU would like to remind that especially the Village Authorities should know their own powers and authority entrusted to them and consider carefully.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: A fire broke out in one of the shops in the MUDA shopping complex at Police Bazaar today.
On this occasion, the village has taken a decision to preserve the water sources and to preserve the environment inside the village.
The state government has followed all the rules in completing the cleaning of the body of Dr Sailo.
At the inauguration of the 45th Anniversary of the Supreme Court, the Prime Minister launched the information and technology initiatives related to the public including Digital Supreme Court Report (Digi SCR), Digital Courts 2.0 and The Digital Supreme Court Report (SCR) will provide the judgments of the Supreme Court to the people of the country free of charge and through digital means.
Moonstar Nongrem President of UHM West Khasi Hills District said that members of the UHM under the leadership of Stevenson Nongrem visited the school and found that the school was destroyed. schools are in trouble.
On the other hand, the party questions these bloodthirsty men in what way they dare to attack the residence of the party leader in the morning, what is the reason why they have to leave. attack the leader of the party.
On the other hand, the Minister said that out of these 11 persons, 8 persons are from the army and 8 persons are civilians.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the residents and hoped that these benefits will be a blessing to them.
Of the 15 cases, 7 are nurses and 8 are employees. At Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong, one doctor and one nurse tested positive for COVID-1
He said that if the Meghalaya government does this, the loss will be to the people of Meghalaya.
The border talks between the prime ministers have been held again after nine years.
Mairang Naitung 17: U Minister of State for Water Supply and Water Resources in the State, on Tuesday said, “I am sorry now that the spirit of tingpud has entered the Khasi people”. The 184th birth anniversary of the King of Nongkhlaw Hima was celebrated today in Mairang.
The Eri Spun Silk Mill, Sangaipat, Imphal East, Manipur has been approved at a cost of T.21.53 crore which was approved in November 2018 and will be implemented by the State Government in collaboration with the CSB. Cocoons produced in Manipur have been converted into ksai using old and new cocoons.
The Meghalaya Government LP School Contractual Teachers Association (MBOSE) has continued its strike for three days today. are in the area.
If you don't have anything, they will look at it according to the state of peace.
At this meeting, he said that protest and democracy cannot go hand in hand. He urged the people to be vigilant in this age of false news.
He said that the party will not rest to demand from the government to implement these issues for the benefit of the farmers and he said that it needs the unity of the farmers of Khasi Jaintia Hills as a whole.
“Many of the passengers especially the seriously ill are stuck in traffic jam in the Tongseng area to Umkiang, Ratacherra. especially in parts of the Mandir for many many hours.
In connection with this extortion case, the Ri Bhoi Police have arrested Cyfrank Paul Pariat, a member of the HNLC. Kitbok Mujiar, 23, and Barnabas Lyngdoh, 49, were arrested.
Shillong, July 26: The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) will convene a meeting of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on 10th November decision to oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has held an emergency meeting in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Bah CSyrti, Additional SP, Incharge of Saitsama Police Outpost, MDC of Pynthor-Mukroh. Bah Arboi Shadap today to discuss the incident.
No one should walk in public places without wearing a mask and it is prohibited to sleep in public places.
B.Umeshowri Devi, Smt.
In the letter, they requested the police to arrest these people immediately and punish them according to the rules of law.
This shows the good news that the people are participating in the elections," he added.
As teachers, they don't want to hold strikes but the problems make them unable to stand up because when someone is sick in their family they have to look for money to take medicine.
The reason for the demarcation is that in the past, the area was not surveyed and when it was surveyed again, the area is now only 52,000 feet wide, according to the survey.
As the Sordar, I would like to thank God for restoring the rights of the Raid Tynring land which was in the middle of the night because of the warm welcome to the foreigners from War, Maram and Na. Chief Justice Prafulla C Pant and Justice T Nandakumar Singh who have ruled fairly in the case. The DC Ri Bhoi, SP Ri Bhoi, CI Umiam Police and Umroi Police have done their job properly in arresting the perpetrators. They are the families who have been the victims of the Raid Tynring branch and who have gone through the path of the law on this suffering. May justice bless and explain.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 6 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to after.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
The union said to the CEM that this clean marriage is a threat to the Khasi people, it is a clean marriage to other non-Khasi people and this is one of the main reasons why it affects it.
Bah Pynaid said that the road from Itshyrwat to Umtyngkhun which has been constructed is about 12 km and the remaining road is about 7 km. government to allocate funds to continue the construction of this road.
The KSU, after considering all the above, has understood that there is a great threat to the indigenous people of Meghalaya after the NRC in Assam.
He spoke about the initiatives of CL Ruwala, MP from Mizoram, who selected Khwalahilung for Adarsh ​​Gram and started the Sugarcane Festival to promote the production and marketing of this crop in the village.
There is no evidence for this belief about mobile towers.
The group will go to the people to speak and say that this bloodshed is not good and should find ways and means how to bring peace for the development of the people.
In a statement sent by the president of the KSU SWKD, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, the KSU stands firmly against uranium. The Seng Kumba has taken a decision through a public meeting held on the 21st.
5G will enable real-time monitoring of natural disasters, more comprehensive agriculture and reduced unemployment in hazardous industries such as mining, offshore oil production and others.
Speaking as the chief guest, u Bah Bijon said that at this time, the world has forgotten to clean up the environment whether it is in terms of roads, water. rivers, places to dwell in, how much more so on such holy mountains.
Last year, the pass percentage was 80.30 percent.
the heart of the wicked is not changed; shikylla is the time to talk or do anything.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that at the time of sending this statement, police said that the bomb blast at Khliehriat Police Reserve was carried out by the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council. (HNLC).
Participants from all the states of the North Eastern Region of India as well as from other states of the country attended the meeting.
Jowai, June 16: The 24 hour curfew called by the civil society in East Jaintia Hills has started today at 5 pm and so far the curfew has been going smoothly without any incident. .
“The launch of these aircraft today has expanded the connectivity with the North East by connecting the states through air.
In this regard, they have already submitted a report to the State Government, the Union Home Minister and the Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee for the strengthening of District Councils.
Shillong, July 16: The total number of people who have been vaccinated in Meghalaya so far has reached 22,03,476 lakh, including all ages, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said.
He will also lay the foundation stone of 32 roads with a length of 230 km under PMGSY III (PradhanMantri Gram Sadak Yojana) and the improvement of 112 roads with a length of 540 km.
Under this new scheme, the remuneration of ASHAs will be based on the work of ASHAs together with VHCs, staff from PHCs/CHCs/Sub-centers to improve the performance of ASHAs. village that thaw.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that these 26 crematoriums have been built across the state and these crematoriums have been funded through the 12Finance Commission for the purpose of and 7 through the 14th Finance Commission.
The damaged vehicles, the police vehicle and the minister's vehicle, have been detained at Nonoi out-post in Assam for further investigation. The states of Assam and Meghalaya are still arranging for this.
Shillong, June 24: A nine-member PADCO Study Team from Japan today met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngniang. There were officials from the education department, road construction department and health department.
Bibor said that they have not yet decided but they will meet. The message he sent to the government is 'Don't just judge, but don't be good at governing' the state and the people. they shall not be a slave to the law.
Shillong, March 04: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal today refused to accept the adjournment motion tabled by the opposition to discuss the issue of corruption in the state. Inner Line Permit demanded by civil society groups.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Police of Rynjah and Laitumkhrah Police Station on Friday evening arrested a suspect. Two drug traffickers were identified as Eldikinstar Sohtun and T. James Seiminthang of Nongshiliang village under Rynjah Police Station, Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Khyriem said that the party stands firm in the middle of the work.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Army personnel conducting the second phase of the recruitment at Madan Polo have found that there are 60 youths who want to join the army. fake certificates.
“In the past, the Sengbhalang groups were strongly opposed to foreigners to work or run the farms and wanted the villagers to run themselves but now they have turned into a jutang and called for talks only with foreigners to meet and resolve the issue. “I don't know what's behind their meeting,” said Bah Mawiong.
Paul Lyngdoh recalled that the Khasi language was studied at Kolkata University in
This is the plot of the Karbi and the Assam Government to get Block-1
He said that although the forces of nature have interrupted this celebration but all these religious rituals went smoothly and the dancers were able to dance thanksgiving to God.
), Samla Dakishanlang Z Malngiang ( Asst.Office Secy.
Another mother who has been awarded by the Governor is Padmashree. The honor awarded to her in these public service positions is for improving the work of women in the country. villagers especially to plant Lakadong shynrai in Jaintia Hills District.
The Mission has spent T.284.96 crore on education for 3.12 lakh students and T.58.66 crore for the development of the beneficiaries. 86.51 lakh people have moved to the villages.
“Our Khasi children don't get to sell wai dong, but they (foreigners) stand there and sell alu muri, they sell aiu aiu who supports them? If there is an incident between a foreigner and a Khasi, a Khasi child is arrested.
Referring to India, it was said that there are up to 17 states which have prepared to hold this protest by gathering masses, which is in connection with the vaccination of Tika. The group has conveyed to the government the concerns of the people.
Shillong, July 20: Regarding the reconciliation between Meghalaya and Assam, the Congress party feels that it should not go beyond the Constitution as mentioned in Para 20 of the Constitution. seventh of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: A garbage truck of the Shillong Municipal Board which was covered with blood and jhur broken from people's houses was seen on the road without covering the garbage. make the market light on the road where they walk.
The population of Khasi in the area is 1.70 lakh and there are 375 villages in all 15 constituencies in Barak Valley.
We urge the Government that if it is really concerned about the problems faced by the people, it should take the following decisions:-(a) On 15th July 2016, the Government should take a decision to suspend this Two or project but to fight as much as possible to force the CM to clean up first only what does not exist and to pass through the state and the competent department of the state as this road is a State Road.
“Except for the Non Plan Adhoc, it will be released later because there is a shortage of funds, but he promised to expedite the work,” he said. “It is also important to demand that the Government should bring back the NET examination for Science Stream which is held in Guwahati,” he said.
The shop of his brother-in-law M/s JB Textile owned by VD Chokhani which was nearby also caught fire and this shop was also damaged.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Once again, the opposition in the Legislative Assembly today withdrew the no confidence motion against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal. today in the House, after the completion of all the works of the government.
The Sports Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise after receiving information that the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government has selected seven foreign players from among the 12 players. Basketball players will represent Meghalaya at the National School Games to be held in Haryana.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded that the State Government should suspend the appointment of 13 Child Development Project Officers (CDPOs).
Jowai, Nailur 27: The District Session Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today handed down a verdict in the case of rape of Bah Small Phawa. and was sentenced to imprisonment for fifteen years and a fine of T.
This meeting was held to meet the children from these two places as some of them have two brothers and this is an opportunity for them to meet each other.
Once again, the union will meet the DC to give only 5 days to bring machines or rollers to repair the road like in Khliehriat, Lad Rymbai otherwise the union will announce a strike without any reason. for.
His life is an example.
The NEEPCO Tribal Employees' Welfare Association (NTEWA) together with the NEEPCO Women Welfare Association (NWWA) have expressed their deep sorrow over the petrol bomb blast by robbers on a police vehicle accompanying the vehicle. Maj. Gen. RK Jha, AVSM (Retd.) on Tuesday night at Demthring, Madanrting Police Station.
Because these teachers who teach in SSA schools fall under the state plan, for the benefit of the teachers, if the government transfers them from UP to LP, the government should transfer them to the state plan. level of deficit pattern, he said.
Because this is the money that the government will give to the land owners, the village will ask the land owners whether they feel they need to take this money or not, if they need the offices of the Municipalities in the state. together with the MUDA office are ready to assist them when they need work.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that as a Union Minister, he will do his utmost for Meghalaya as there is a potential for the development of agriculture in the state.
In addition, the Central Government has already transferred T.33,412 crore from the Consolidated Fund of India to the Compensation Fund as part of the remaining IGST for the year 2017-1
Surprisingly, the MUA government has remained silent on this issue, especially the Mawkyrwat MLA Rowell Lyngdoh and Martin M Danggo who are the MLAs of this constituency.
Khliehriat Police Station in collaboration with ANTF, West Jaintia Hills have arrested another person named Ratan Dkhar who also confessed to owning a small factory. at his house in Ummulong and in this small factory the drugs were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Regarding these items, the Seng has set up a special department to inspect all the coal mines, workplaces, markets and others if they cannot provide to register their employees according to the Work. Permit Scheme and if they do not have the Trading License and documents required for the trade within the stipulated time, this is the Cell of the Seng.
School children, day laborers and farmers, by showing our respect as the people who live for an Independent Country and a Democracy, by standing up and defending against this oppression and violence. They are not allowed to try to introduce slavery in their own state, according to a statement sent by Bah.
He added that if we the owners know how to respect our own land, others will not dare to do more.
However, to achieve this, we need the attention of the leaders of the state government.
During the meeting, the Governor said that he has the same concern as the people of the state and said that he will take action to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Central Government should take action in this regard.
According to a letter written by the Hima, the post of Rangbah Shnong has ended but the Rangbah Shnong has not yet been appointed. give syrnot.
Tura, Nailur 22: The Garo Hills rebel group has announced that it will hold a curfew on the 25th and 26th of this month to protest against the violence of the police who are searching for them. Two people have been shot dead in Garobada, South West Garo Hills, where a man and a woman have lost their lives.
Shillong, May 24: U Bikas Kumar has lodged a complaint with the Saipung Police Station in East Jaintia Hills District that on the 22nd of this month, the father of Chandra Bhushan Singh was raped. kidnapped by unknown persons.
A few hours later, members of the union and Forest Department officers also inspected the illegally built houses at Mahadev Khola.
In the singles category, the Overall Individual Gold award went to Assam's Goswami, who beat Assam's Hussan and Dr. THE Lion of Meghalaya.
“Recognizing the importance of bio-diversity, we have taken forward the establishment of the Big Cat Alliance.
In 2020, the Ministry of Agriculture has acted to enroll Khasi in the Khasi-Jaintia Category when their marks have to enter the Open Category to study B. .Sc.
The CEA oversees the schemes relating to the generation of electricity under Section 73(f) of the Electricity Act, 2003. The Chairman of the CEA convenes a regular meeting to oversee the the works continue.
"This decision could lead to the conclusion that we cannot curb the spread of young people's use of these types of tobacco products," said Meredith Berkman, co-founder of Parents Against Vaping. -cigarettes.
If anyone has to leave for unavoidable reasons, they must also get permission from the Deputy Commissioner.
New Delhi, Naitung 08: The Asian Center for Human Rights (AHR) has released a report on the killing of girls in the world for unknown reasons. It is expected that the annual income will not be less than 1.5 million per year.
Shillong, Niaiwieng 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 19,04,495 lakh people have been vaccinated in Meghalaya so far, including those who are still vaccinated for the first time. and who were given the second tika.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The All Meghalaya School Parents Association (AMSPA) congratulates all the students who passed the HSSLC examination. AMSPA through Samla Banshai Marbaniang, President of the MBOSE and CBSE, said that the AMSPA has been conducting the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) Examination for The Seng would like to extend its special congratulations and congratulations to all the youths who have brought fame and glory to their families as well as to their country and nation as a whole.
The party suspects that the BJP intends to implement the Tripura Model throughout North East India.
Dr Watwitson Lyngdoh, AH & Veterinary Officer, Mylliem Block, explained about the activities of the Department of Agriculture.
The tournament was conducted by Mr. S Loniak Marbaniang.
Shillong, July 11: The Central Election Committee of the KHNAM party has received two applications from two constituencies, Mawhati and Sohryngkham. from the organization can send their applications.
Shillong, March 03: Speaking on the Constitution of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rules, 2018, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong, March 03, Madan Student's today said that the two previous attempts to form this group have not worked because of the lack of community leaders.
“These demands have already been sent to the Government of India by the former General Secretary (L) Cherister Thangkhiew on 16th July,
The deceased was identified as Apurba D Sangma, 54, of Jatrakhona.
The District Administration is currently arranging for the transportation of the body to his residence in Assam.
Chairman of the JAC Bah Lasting Pala in a statement sent to the media said, “The Government's lack of action to improve the road has caused suffering to the passengers due to the deterioration of the road. it was too long.
Ri Lum Garo has nominated candidates from 24 constituencies in 15 constituencies.
Ardent Basaiawmoit today announced that all the meetings of the Iada La Kari Group have been suspended due to the current situation in the state.
New Delhi, Naitung 06: The Union Government today set up a committee to look into how to introduce the New Year in the budget of the government. money if you change it.
The Prime Minister congratulated all the government employees who understand this problem of the government.
This holy place has been used for religious purposes by those villagers who hold their own traditional religion, but the sad thing is that neither the village nor the government has done anything. Some of the elders said that the government should take care of this place not only as a holy place but also as a garbage dump. One of the places to attract tourists is that this place has the culture of the villagers of Nongjri.
There will also be traditional dances and traditional music by the people of Lyngam.
The HYC leader said that they don't trust the BSF to be able to protect the border, because the CAA has shown that Bangladeshis are willing to enter India and do and they shall be judged in these days.
The arrest of these youths was made after they expressed their strong desire to live a new life and leave behind their bad habits especially drugs which has destroyed their lives. yours.
While the raid was ongoing, foreigners who were selling street vendors on the streets were arrested with the permission of the Meghalaya and Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association.
In the afternoon, a meeting was held under the leadership of Sohblei Kaldinus Majaw, Spiritual Director Zone VII as the chief guest. Spiritual Director.
Williamnagar, March 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the 54 km road from Rongjeng-Mangsang to Adokgre. At the same time, the road has been funded under the NLCPR scheme.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr H Giri said that this is the first time that they have been able to conduct this program to explain to the parents regarding the down disease. syndrome.
Saleng said that he will put the rice in front of the House so that nothing can be done to look after the rice distributed to the people through the FCI. This is also one of the health hazards that should be checked.
The mother and sister of the Chief Minister have lined up to cast their votes in the mid-term MLA elections held in Tura today. election MLA mid-term.
The meeting was conducted by Manas Choudhury, former Minister of State, and Bah FR Kharkongor, CEO of the Election Department of the State Government. In his speech, the CEO of Meghalaya, Bah Alantry Dkhar, Advisor to the Chief Minister and Prof. Satpathy from NEHU, said that these machines are adequate and will not be used. VVPATs can be cheated and now the EVMs should be used so that the voter will know whether what he has voted is true because there will be a sign that he or she has voted.
When the HPC met today, it discussed the matter and after discussion, it decided to cancel these three tenders and directed the PWD to call no one.
The ropeway project in Meghalaya, known as the Moderate Gondola, will cost T.150/- crore and the funds for the construction of the ropeway project have been provided by the Asian Development Bank. the Swiss government.
“This was stated by Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya, Union Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, today in an online meeting with the Ministers in charge of Health and Family Welfare of the States. and UT to oversee the implementation of special schemes including the National Health Mission (NHM).
This is the first time that the Mawsynram constituency has met with the Chief Minister under the leadership of the MLA to demand a Civil Sub Division from the Chief Minister.
Most of the time, the party has said that peace is better than war. Twice they have already announced that the government should appoint a ksiang but after each of these reports the government does not believe even to the extent that They have decided not to call a curfew on Independence Day and Republic Day. The party will now resume as a surprise that they are still strong as happened in Ladrymbai and Jhalupara. Bah Nongtraw said in a statement.
Shillong, Lber 10: Although the election is ahead, the ethnic parties have not yet reached a decision to elect a candidate to contest against the Congress party. to 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul today strongly condemned the bloodshed in Garo Hills in which four policemen were killed. he lost his life.
I have told you the promise made by the State Government and the Central Government.
The KSU said that it is encouraging to know that the National Women's Commission and the National Scheduled Tribes Commission have sent an inquiry into these actions of the VC. Prof SK Srivastava has been able to publish many books.
New Delhi, June 25: In exercise of its powers under the IT Rules, 2021, the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting, 2021, through two orders on YouTube channels and one Facebook accountThe banned social media accounts are seven Pakistani YouTube channels and 40 YouTube news channels in the country, with the highest number of viewers of more than crore.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling today launched the Lemongrass Planting Scheme of Mawklot Farmer Producer Company Limited at the FOCUS program held at MAMETI Hall Agriculture Upper. Shillong: Bah P. Passah Block Development Officer Mylliem C&RD Block, Basin Executive Office, NEICORD, Producer Groups, Rangbah Shnongs and others were present on the occasion.
Lambok said that drugs have now spread even to the small villages in the countryside.
“Through the repeal of Article 370, our commitment for social justice has now reached the people of Jammu & Kashmir,” he said.
Speaking to reporters for the first time as the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, he said that this has been confirmed by the experts in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. -19 in this second round is the Delta Variant.
The Chief Minister said that the recommendation from the Meghalaya government to be sent to the Central Government is on the increase in the number of constituencies in the District Councils and the creation of Village Councils.
The HITO Mawryngkneng Circle (HITO) Mawryngkneng Circle has expressed its opposition to the Government's plan to relocate the Marten to Nonghali village. Shaniah Nongrum and President of HITO Mawryngkneng Circle Garry S.Marboh said, “If the Government can prove that the introduction of Marten in Nonghali has no impact according to the Environmental Laws, the union will accept it. according to the rules, the organization will not sit idly by.
You should have a distance of about 2 meters from each other.
For this year 2018 it is the examination of 2017 which they cannot do anything else because it has already been arranged.
He should have stood as Rangbah for the benefit of War Jaintia as he promised in 2018 that not an inch of land will go to Bangladesh, but now he has broken his promises. to the people of the border area through his initiative and permission to the Government to proceed with the construction of the signboard.
The training started on the 7th and ended on the 11th of this month.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Basaiawmoit, in reply to the discussion on the three month budget in the House, was tabled by Banteidor Lyngdoh of the Congress party. On the other hand, the CEM said that he will send a letter to the contractor for the construction of the new Council Hall.
Total Bills passed by the four Houses of Parliament in this Session are five.
Police have rushed to the scene and seized a bottle of petrol.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, has refused to accept the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah. Odd and Even Numbers, which are earned from Kashari Point to Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
If as citizens of the country we have made a mistake in electing our leaders to the Legislative Assemblies, we cannot expect the country to move forward.
The people of the state have registered themselves under this scheme with great hope of getting assistance in their illness, but if this happens it discourages the people.
The tournament will start on the 4th and end on the 12th of November in Macau, China.
A special attraction of the festival is the cooking competition as a way to encourage people to come forward, and to promote traditional cooking techniques and dishes.
Speaking on the budget, Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, said that the revenue for the year 2024-25 is T.27,072 crore. 23,515 crore and the revenue from borrowing was T.3,557 crore.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has urged all those who have visited Bethany Hospital Shillong from 22nd October to 2013, as well as those who have visited Bethany Hospital Nongpoh on 30th October. Please register with the Government at 108 or on the website.
Where is the responsibility of the police to protect the people and bring peace and order?
This year, there are 232 puja places in the state, 112 in Khasi Hills, 11 in Jaintia Hills, 109 in Garo Hills and 64 in Shillong.
Referring to the expectations of the people regarding the new MPs, Minister Duh urged the MPs to use this opportunity for the welfare of the people and service delivery. to the people and also to take all measures for the welfare of the people.
The Director said that 99 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19 today, of which 40 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 27 cases in West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Furthermore, the Union would like to extend its special thanks to all the residents of Jaintia Hills, who have supported and supported the Union through the efforts of the Union. to fight for the establishment of this blood bank in Jowai, especially at a time when the union has launched various protests to force the government to provide this demand, which is the most urgent need. , and on the other hand, the Seng pays tribute to all the residents of Jaintia Hills from the youngest to the oldest.
Speaking on the Health and Wellness Centres, the Minister said, “At present, there are about 470 Health and Wellness Centers operating in Meghalaya.
At this meeting, there were three competitions, namely “State Presentation, Grand Camp Fire Item and Fellowship Haat”, in which Meghalaya won in all three competitions.
Iaipynskhem Kharjana, a student of the Presbyterian Secondary School, said that the incident occurred on the first day of the year. Look carefully instead of looking at the light, they confirm and announce the electrical post.
The turning off of street lights at night has caused panic among the people due to darkness and exploitation such as theft and robbery.
The word Thoh is very important, perhaps the greatest are the words 'Ka Jer Ka Thoh', 'Ka Thoh Shun'
The sleeper cell was headed by Cyfrank Paul Pariat, 25, from Ummat village, who holds the rank of self-styled commander of the HNLC. The group has distributed many demand letters in the name of the HNLC and threatened many people to pay the demanded money otherwise they will face problems,” said the SP. Police on Tuesday arrested Cyfrank Paul Pariat and two others, Kitbok Mujai, 23, from Ribhoi District Executive Force (DEF). Barnabas Lyngdoh, 49, of Khyndewsoo, Ribhoi District.
Minister of Information and Broadcasting; badMinistry of Electronics and Information Technology.
The traffic situation is getting worse with traffic jams and the road has doubled in deterioration.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Front Southern Riwar Mihngi Circle and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People's War Jaintia Circle (HYC) on Tuesday held a meeting between Nongtalang, Darrang and Garo districts. raid Mukertila in the presence of Rangbah Shnongs from these Elaka.
Finally, the Shillong Times (06.01.2018) that the NFR has resumed the implementation of the Tetelia-Byrnihat Railway Project, the union once again warns the NFR not to proceed with this. The project until the state government has been able to pass full laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
Sheriff PM, Principal In Charge, JNV Nongstoin was the chief guest.
Shillong, March 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today sent an inquiry to find out the truth about the increase in the price of rice and rice. .
The MPCC also requests the law enforcement authorities to provide justice to those victims.
To prevent such incidents, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed a curfew under Section 144 CrPC in Sahsniang village and this will continue until further notice.
Shillong, June 23: A fire broke out at the Byrni factory 15 meters away in Kamrup district of Assam on Thursday night. long tried by Pappu Agarwal.
Jemino Mawthoh said that although it is not yet time to express the views publicly, the UDP has already considered all the eight views and the party feels that these views are not against any. You are the only ethnic group in Meghalaya.
Thakar added that water sports in India has received support from SAI's National Centers of Excellence in Jagatpura and Alleppey which are well equipped with modern facilities for training in water sports.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Leaders from Ri Bhoi District from various political parties have met with Dr DD Lapang at his residence and took a decision. to give him support as their leader.
The search operation is ongoing and they hope to arrest the people involved in this incident.
Dr Mukul said that the increasing transfer of DCs and SPs especially in those districts where there is a border dispute has affected the border issue as it takes time for the officers to understand the incident. on the field.
In the past two or three years, dozens of incidents have happened from time to time to signal through the forces of nature without end.
Shynsharlang Nongyndah has lodged a complaint with Patharkhmah Police Station on 19/2/2024 that the child went missing from home on 17/2/2 found on 18/2/2024 at midnight.
: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the party has directed all the MLAs of the party to participate in the elections. The MLA Scheme should be implemented in a transparent manner and they should report to the public on how the scheme has been spent.
He urged the people of the state to follow the example of other states where the people have come forward to demand their rights from the government.
We urge the Government not to listen to the statements of these groups and also to expedite this process as soon as possible.
He said that with this visit, it will also be a strong hope that the party will be able to provide services to the people.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Mylliem Zonal Committee of the PDF party has congratulated all the young men and women who have worked hard and reaped the fruits of success in the Matric and Class-XII examinations. the resolution has just been announced.
Terrance Jyrwa of Maduh FC won the Man of the Match , Terrance Jyrwa of Maduh FC won the Top Scorer category FC, M Suting won the Best Goalkeeper title and Aibanmame Nongneng won the Players of the Tournament title.
These are the principles on which the party has stood since the beginning and still holds them to this day.
He said the state government has done many things to provide for sports.
The Minister said that in this phase, T 33.86 crore will be distributed among 1,20,815 farmers in Meghalaya.
The KSU has urged Gopal Dey to come forward with the members of the KSU to show the evidence he has against the youth of the KSU.
I can't say anything yet.
This is the invitation of the CEM to meet with the KSU to discuss the issue of the NOC on the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji which has been strongly opposed by the KSU. The KHADC has 40 MDCs on the opposition side and 40 MDCs on the acceptance side, while these two MDCs have been invited separately to attend.
“The issuance of Residential by private companies to foreign workers including those who are not included in the NRC of Assam has opened the door for them to open bank accounts and get PAN cards.
Also present on the occasion were the President of KSU War Jaintia Circle Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and the Waheh Shnong Ma Bnai Syngkrem who was the Chief Guest. which has been able to donate tins to the villagers which is one of the greatest blessings for these poor families.
In order to conduct the work, they said that they will wait until the end of the election in Ampati and they will arrange as soon as possible.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Jowai Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have expressed their anger over the lie of the CEM of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai who promised to respond to the two parties within the 3rd meeting. 02-2014 on his appointment to the Councilkhlem by advertising in the media.
They also expressed their regret over the Dorbarshnong's decision to ban them from selling in this place which has become their food plate.
Regarding the subject Social Science, this year the same book will be used, they will use this book in 2025, the reason is that they will not accept what is written, but There will be a special committee to look into which parts of Meghalaya will be removed and included.
After this, the assailants seriously injured the pediatric doctor by beating him on the head and other parts of the body.
The government has now started blending up to 20% ethanol into petrol.
On the other hand, the union has warned that if it finds that the price hike of food items is only because there is a fear that the COVID-19 pandemic will increase in the state, put the people in trouble the party will close down such shops.
On this occasion, it was seen that the police at Lad Umsaw have stopped the trucks heading to Guwahati and the trucks heading upwards have stopped at Umsning under the supervision of the police. driving a vehicle.
Shillong, Nailar, 11: The Meghalaya Government Nursing Service Association (MNS) has extended its support to the Non Bonded Nurses, nurses who have been trained from across the non-government institutions. The examination from Written to Personal has not been released for 10 years.
Although there have been attempts by the KSU leaders during the time of Bah Michael Syiem and Bah Bull Lyngdoh in 1979 and 1987, our nation is still 'shongper' until today.
Our goal is to address the problems of the people especially the poor in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: With the aim of encouraging the youth to write poetry in Meghalaya, a poetry competition was held with the financial assistance of the Chief Minister's Development Fund (CMDF).
During the meeting with the Union Minister, the Chief Minister submitted a petition stating that the state government wants to set up the ESIC hospital in Ri Bhoi District.
At the same time, the Minister urged the people not to succumb to the fear as it appears on social media, but to think to be the spokespersons for change in the society. To all to make a bright place for the future of children and young people, because they are the ones who fall into these evils.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death today from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1482 so far.
Water Sanitation Water Committee will be set up in the villages.
Startup 20 aims to conduct programs and sessions to reach out to the industry aimed at promoting startups in G20 countries.
Jowai National People's Party WAILADMIKI SHYLLA (WINNER),3
Also present on the occasion was the Minister of State for Home Affairs, General VK Singh, who is also the Minister of Children.
On this occasion, the KSU welcomed the Union Minister by carrying flags and signs on both sides of the road when he came to the College at Kyrdemkulai to express his wish that the government The Central Agricultural University has been established.
Two weeks have been set aside to give everyone involved time to understand the task of giving evidence on their own.
In this regard, the group urged all the MLAs especially from Khasi and Jaintia Hills to speak out on the report so that the perpetrators can be punished according to the law.
At present, there are four candidates from the Shillong Parliamentary seat, besides the Congress, UDP, BJP, KHNAM and private members.
According to the NEHUSU leader, Rohit Prasad receives a salary of T.75,000 per month, besides TA/DA and Quarter.
He said the goal is not only to rescue people during forest fires, but we have to bring efforts from all over the world on how to protect forest areas and what we have to do to ensure that there is fire in the field.
He said that he will collect and check these records and on the first day of next month, those who travel without trading license will be sent a letter to the District Transport Office to take the necessary action to suspend their permit.
In his speech, the President of TULBA said that this assistance that the TULBA has is because they have love for their fellow citizens.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, one of the Congress leaders from Ranikor Constituency who has joined the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that they have worked hard. to contest the MLA by-election in Ranikor Constituency.
She said that as part of monitoring the construction of gates and the implementation of the District Task Force Committee to search and curb the entry and exit and illegal stay of foreigners in the She said that she will soon meet with the Deputy Commissioners of West and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
An amendment was also introduced under the Meghalaya Public Service Commission Regulation 1972, which provides for the appointment without any examination in accordance with the order of the Governor under Article (3) the constitution.
Shillong, July 31: The Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbai Anglong District today met to discuss the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of July. 2/2023 in Meghalaya.
Mairang, Nailar 31: As part of the celebration of Azadi, Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th Independence Day of India, the BDO Office, Mairang C&RD Block in collaboration with Village Employment The VEC of Mairang C&RD Block has held a Block Level Awareness Program at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang.
It is also believed that the Word is the source of creation.
The Minister praised the initiatives taken in the field of education through the Eklavya Model Residential Schools and said that he would look into the ways and means to open more of these schools to provide quality education to the people. tribals in difficult-to-reach areas.
The CEM of KHADC informed the House that after this session, they will meet with the Chief Minister in the coming days on the announcement of the government through the Trade Department of the government. The EC has not decided on the issue of Industrial Estate in the State.
In his speech, Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Deputy in-charge of the school congratulated all the students and spoke about the vision of Swami Vivekananda to spread goodness from village to village.
“This is not a matter that can be decided hastily, if it takes two or three months, and a thorough examination of how to conduct it,” she said. The roster started in 2022.
In Guwahati, the price is T.90.33 while in Khanapara, the price is T.
The union strongly condemns this demand of the union because it is unfounded.
Tisosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC said that he has received a letter from Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati informing him about this action of the Assam Government.
He recalled that he contested from Nongkrem in 1998 when Bah HS Shylla left the political party, and he came second among the 17 tickets. Nongkrem Constituency has made history with the emergence of 14 candidates.
As those who have been monitoring and explaining on this issue for many years to the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs, I would like to clarify and say that the people should understand clearly that from now on according to these two laws. The house must be built according to the rules of the Act.
The President of KJDSTA, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that the reason for the lack of funds is the lack of funds. All the salaries of the teachers will be paid on the 26th of this month.
At the same time, the Union Minister encouraged the people to pay their taxes using the modern documents.
Bah Majaw said that he has seen for himself that the ILP applies to all foreigners, even if they are foreigners, they have to apply if they intend to travel to any state where it has been implemented. “I found myself that as a citizen before I leave I have to fill up a form to get a permit to enter the border of Mizoram, that too only 15 days and you have to come back.
“Prime Minister Duh said that these benefits have opened the door for the beneficiaries to have a better life.
Gambling was prohibited under the Public Gambling Act, 1867, and was illegal in many parts of the country.
Ration shops and liquor shops.
Bhattasali said Prime Minister Duh expressed his gratitude to the increase in the number of taxpayers in recent years when he delivered a speech from Red For as part of the celebration. the 72nd Independence Day of the country.
Assam is the second state to be visited by the Fifteenth Finance Commission, the first being Arunachal Pradesh.
He also recalled that, This proposal was first introduced in 2019.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the implementation of the MDA government's schemes is between 40%, while talking to the schemes of the department he holds from the Department of Indigenous Affairs and the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Water Supply Department is still seeking the applications and after receiving the applications it will look into what needs to be done.
Referring to the airport, he said that the state does not have a properly functioning airport.
He said that the party has informed the CEM on these measures that the KHADC needs to take measures to strengthen the laws of the Dorbar Shnongs to prevent foreigners from infiltrating the villages. Dundee said the party has also spoken to the CEM to ensure that the council should no longer vote. Trading License to foreigners without proper examination of documents because the locals have been able to do many kinds of jobs.
Regarding the food sector, this is an area of ​​concern for the people. The Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies has already worked hard to ensure that there will be no shortage. by the way.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has announced that it will hold the Monolith Festival at Mawphlang, Mawphlang. East Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday launched and handed over the Waste Collection e-Vehicles to different blocks of East Jaintia Hills. Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, said that the demand of the people of this area to get their own block has been going on since 1998 and this demand has now come true. In his speech, the Minister of Forest Affairs, Clement Marak, also expressed his concern and said that the Salsella Block which has 1.74 lakh residents will now have only 85,000 residents.
This policy will assist the CBC to register agencies and groups in OTT and Video on Demand services.
Shillong, July 30: The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government today issued an announcement that the Model Code of Conduct will come into force from 17th June in connection with the mid-term MDC elections. within the 26th MDC Constituency.
Before the inauguration of the Footbridge of Umsngad River, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also inaugurated the Footpath at Namlang Village, Wahshnong.
The prize money for this competition will be T.12000/- for the winners of the group dance and T.7000/-, Rs.5000/- and Rs.3000/- for the winners of the solo dance. .
Buses will run from Happy Valley via Madanrting, St. Edmunds', Dhankheti, Barik, IGP to Polo, those from Rynjah to Pohkseh, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah, IGP to Polo Ground, those from Mawiong. Mawlai Petrol Pump, Mawdatbaki, Mawlai Mawroh, Golflinks to Polo Ground, from Laban to Polo Ground, from Laban to Last Stop, Bishnupur, Kench's Trace, IGP to Polo Ground. Nongmynsong will travel from Demseiniong to Polo Ground, from Jaiaw Mawbynna via Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun and Khyndailad to Polo Ground.
On the second day, the oath was taken by the Director, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa and the doctors and nurses of the hospital.
According to the census, there are four districts in the state which have recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic: North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Na East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of cases with 251 cases, Ri Bhoi District with 9 cases and Ri Bhoi District with 9 cases. cases from West Jaintia Hills and 8 cases from West Garo Hills.
This visit of his has been a blessing not only to the Presbyterian Church, but to the Khasi people as a whole, especially his contribution through the letters ABKD.
The Minister in charge of Water Supply, Marcuise M Marak, said that the government has decided to make Meghalaya a clean state. The 2024-2025 fiscal year will be held in
New Delhi, Nailur 03: The 20th ASEAN Summit will be held in Indonesia on the 6th and 7th of this month in Jakarta. a two-day conference.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The personal interview for the post of Chairman, Tractor and Handyman will be held on the 13th of November.
“However, during the inspection, the Seng found that there are about 30-40 foreign households and many foreign shops without permits.
The departure of Bah JA Lyngdoh from the BJP in recent months has been due to the fact that as the party's leader, he has been forgotten in many areas of the party's work. It may be recalled that Bah JA Lyngdoh was first MDC from Mawphlang Diengei Constituency, later he won the MLA election from Nongspung and became Minister. in the Government of Meghalaya.
Kamol Marbaniang and Jayanta Sen as Additional Secretaries.
The question now is whether the MoU and Agreement were signed without the consent of these parties in the government, or whether these parties will reject after finding out that the MoU is false and wrong. or they do it only to deceive the people.
On receiving the information, the fire brigade rushed to the scene and took only 10 hours to extinguish the fire.
Minister Duh said this was no small victory.
Rotary International is active in these countries.
Prof. Shukla in his talk with the students promised that he will take action against this incident saying that it is a disgrace to the university and he will not allow such evil deeds to happen. come within the four walls of this university.
The funeral service for the Archbishop will be announced earlier today, said Father John Madur, Diocesan Administrator.
New Delhi, Nailar 20: The Central Government has taken a step to increase the purchase of piat to 5 lakh metric tonnes and to increase the price to T.25/- per kilo.
The KHADC has decided to give a holiday on 31/10/2019 which is the funeral day of this leader.
According to a statement, the police have requested for the assistance of the public that if anyone knows where this person is, please inform the police. state.
Don't sympathize with the fish if you need to jam the boat.
He used the Thresher to speed up the work.
The 83rd Table Tennis Association (MLA) tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association (MSA) with the support of the Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya. The tournament was inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Banteidor Lyngdoh, MTTA President RG Lyngdoh and other office bearers of the party.
According to a statement sent by the KSU SWKH District leader, the incident happened at 8 pm when the robber shouted on the village road near the house of Samla Everwell. Robin Thongni who threatened to destroy and burn down the house of this youth and all his belongings.
Speaking at the meeting, Swami Achyuteshananda said that the hospital has been providing services without any interruption since 1950 and there has never been such a hospital in this hospital.
In the three constituencies, South Garo Hills has 81.09 percent.
After a long struggle, on 15th July, 1947, India gained independence from the rule of the authorities.
The KDA wanted to meet with the Minister of State Clement Marak to discuss the issue and to submit the petition but as he was not in office they could not submit the petition. the application has been prepared.
In another incident, a Maruti Car coming from Nongstoin collided with an Indica car coming from Nongstoin near Mairang. He was injured in a Maruti Car and was taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital by Ambulance
The KSU has laid a wreath in front of the statue at Mawdan Iewrynhep. The speakers were Samla Lambokstarwell Marnger President of the KSU and other leaders.
He said the Government had looked into its responsibilities for the sustainability of tax affairs while expanding the size of the budget.
Shillong, December 27: A team of 29 Karatekas of the KTA (KTA) from Meghalaya under the leadership of Mingson Rymbai and Arjun Sewa as teachers and managers will leave for the Karatekas of the KTA. Participate in the Kanninjuku National Shoto Cup Karate Championship and Training Camp 2017 to be held at Sanjan, Gujurat from 29th November 2017 to 2nd July
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, Bah Ardent does not want to file his nomination without stepping down because this time he will contest from another political party. On the same day, Bah Ardent will also leave the UDP which won the election in
Pastor Gibbon reminded that we are living in a time when violence is rampant and discrimination against women is rampant. and to strive for peace and good in the world.
Shillong, Lber 27: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in the state to .
Shillong, Lber 30: As part of the Government's preparations to combat the spread of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), the Ministry of Skills Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE) of the Union Government has decided to release all National Skills. Training Institutes (NSTIs) and their hostels across the country to be converted into quarantine facilities.
Stodar is from Mawlong village and was one of the pioneers in the trade of Mawshun to Bangladesh from Ichamati area. He was the president of MMECC from the beginning until this is the moment when he passed away from this earth.
At such a time, they don't have any other words, but they pray that the Creator will come to comfort the family and all those who still have a relationship with this young man. God will come especially to destroy the nations of sorrow.
The protest started from Khyndailad and continued to Motphran. This protest is for all those who live on the side of the road.
All employees are requested to obtain a copy of this contract agreement from the controlling officers and read it carefully before signing.
He said that the government should change its plans to create jobs for the youth, because these plans of the government seem to be cheating and appointing people whom the people can no longer afford. Albert Maring said.
Detailed information on these two places can be obtained from the SDO Civil.
Furthermore this report also recommends that investment is needed for exploring new solutions and strategies, both in data collection and monitoring.
The achievements of this scheme till 23.03.2021 are, Since the launch of the scheme, T.25,586 crore has been released under the Stand Up India scheme to more than 1,14,322 accounts till
This was announced by Reginald Thabah, Education Secretary, FKJGP.
Replying to a question on the government's statement that it does not want to talk to the rebel groups, Bah Disparsing said that this question is very difficult because if the three rebel groups from Garo Hills can “What is the problem with calling for talks with the HNLC, this is the feeling of Shimey,” he said.
On this day, the workers turned to the secretariat but the District Administration has transferred them to the MBOSE office. this protest.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 13 lakh children aged 9 months to 15 years will receive the vaccine in the state.
“On the border, we cannot say that we need the amendment of the North East Organization Act and the Sixth Schedule, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Baphra Schedule, the demand for economic development. “In all aspects and as a state we need a lot from the Government of India and that is why I have decided to nominate myself to contest the MP election,” he said.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla Commonsense Snaitang, Office Secretary of KSU SWKH District.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the summons to jail should be accepted by a patriot. police are like renewing a patriotic license.
Shillong, Lber 07: The election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 11th of this month. the man to be put in this chair.
Regarding the 14 demands of the party, the party will continue and the public awareness campaign will continue across the country.
He recalled that the Government had approved his demand to increase the age of appointment for state residents from 32 years to 37 years when Meghalaya celebrated its 50th anniversary.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah KS Kharshiing, Secretary Sohbar District, Bah Lashai Buhpang, Asst.Secretary Sohbar District, Bah Shongdor Khongsit, Auditor Sohbar District. the petition regarding the mining issue of Kommorah Limestone Mining Company LTD (KLMC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: In connection with the kidnapping and murder of one of the contractors in Mawiong, police have arrested four persons from around Shillong on charges of they are involved in this kidnapping and murder.
Samla Banshai said that if the residents do not pay the light bill, the department threatens to cut off the light immediately or even pay fines and so on.
The MUDRA loan is in three parts, Shishu : for loans up to T.50,000/-, Kishore : for loans above T.50,000/- and up to T.5 lakh, Tarun : for loans up to T.5 lakh more than T.5 lakh and up to T.10 lakh.
Jowai, July 21: Students of Nangbah Government College Jowai, have protested against the failure of more than 1,000 students to attend classes at the college due to lack of space. Those who have passed and those who have not yet entered the class will go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills tomorrow morning.
If the government does not do anything on these issues, the union will think differently, but as it is, the government has taken action to resolve these issues faced by the teachers.
The announcement of the election will be on 17/2/2020 and the deadline for filing nominations for the mid-term MDC elections will be on 19/2/2020 at 3.00 PM. Registration will be held on the same day after 3.00 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Laitkor Sports Club has won the final of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association on Saturday at the Polo Ground, Shillong. They beat Nongrim Hills Sports Club 4-1
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and other political party leaders today left to express their condolences on the passing away of u Lang Sangma. Mawlai but the whole state.
Those who came to take part were from the elderly as well as the children who came to take part.
The price they sell is the same as they sell every day.
The purpose of his visit was to gather information on the implementation of Central Government schemes in these States, to visit the sites and to monitor the implementation of the schemes and to inspect the work of the department. relating to the Department in charge as well as other departments.
A look at the data shows that states / UTs that used to be transport hubs for these products have shifted to high consumption hubs.
“The NH-6 passes through hills and valleys and also through many villages, offices, churches and public places where such places need roads. Signals to avoid accidents.
This drama was further developed under the leadership of Bro.
The deceased were identified as Nithpilash R Sangma and Anil Alom.
He urged the public to refrain from spreading false information regarding the vaccination in any way, if found to be individuals or groups they will be punished according to the law. .
Shillong, July 20: Replying to a question by TS Thangkhiew from Mylliem, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Executive Member in charge of Land Resources, said that the office has not yet issued a no objection. Certificate for the construction of the road in Mawthabah.
The seizure by customs has reached 29,600 billion and the value of the money has reached T.50 lakh. The truck left Siliguri to unload the drugs to Agartala. which hid these intoxicating liquors inside the box.
“The action of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, besides stealing the doctoral scholarships of the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep, will also affect our small indigenous people in the future.
Besides the four gold medals, Assam also won two silver and two bronze medals.
The meeting was held to pave the way for cooperation, promote efficiency and also to advance the goals of both countries in the field of customs management and also to strengthen cooperation in the field of customs. enforcement of customs duties, opening of trade and security at border areas.
On the allegation that Martin M Danggo has joined the NPP for the Civil Sub Division, Prestone said that the former Ranikor MLA has joined the NPP for the Civil Sub Division. for the benefit of the people of Ranikor Constituency.
All these, who were approved by the Cabinet today, have been appointed on contract until the relevant authorities complete the appointment process.
Ba W.Syiemlieh was appointed Secretary of the Executive Committee in 2008 and was supposed to retire this month but as the EC still needs his presence, it has extended his term. you are 45 days old.
There are many aspirations of the state and the BJP allows every citizen to express themselves.
This is the third time the Police have conducted searches this week.
The selection of beneficiaries for this scheme is based on the 2011 Socio Economic Caste Census (SECC).
The Inter District Integration Camp was inaugurated by Bah FM Dopth (MCS) Director, Govt.
I am a hard working person who is ready to help whenever needed.
The party has found that there have been cases where even the statements sent by the party have tried to change what is not said, but what is said is not written and what is not said is written. more than the public who read.
On the other hand, the Congress party, which has nominated Bah Vincent H Pala, has decided to go around the country to explain to the people. Samuel Hahshah, Romeo Phira Rani and THS Bonny, independent candidates, have also campaigned hard to reach out to the people through their rallies.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Answering a question by Dr. Mizanur Rahaman Kazi, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has ordered the construction of 0-32 km under the World Scheme. Bank and 33-41 km from NESIDS scheme and 100.2-124 km from government scheme and road from 103-124 km are good.
Shillong, July 12: The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center Shillong has organized the National Youth Day 2024 to commemorate the 162nd birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda today.
At such a time, it is said that the child cried out and ran to call people, and the villagers also came bran bran and found that the body of the child was covered with snow. with a knife to the mirror and from the hands and feet to pieces.
According to the guidelines prepared by the Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, of the Central Government, one kilometer around these farms has been considered as affected areas and the villages with 10 km around are regarded as hall villages in the analysis.
If the road from Kolkatta to Mahendraganj in South West Garo Hills is constructed, it will reduce the distance from Kolkatta to Garo Hills by 500 km. From Khasi Hills, Tripura, Mizoram and other North Eastern states, they traveled by road to Kolkata.
New Delhi, June 08: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, boarded the Sukhoi 30 MKI at Tezpur Air Force Station in Assam today (June 8, 2023).
Finally, before concluding his speech, he urged the young children to discipline and not to waste the hard work of their parents to support the school so that you as children can have a better future. phyrnai on the days that are coming.
Following the implementation of the NRC in Assam where many refugees have been denied citizenship by the state government, many of these refugees will try hard to find shelter and become citizens in Meghalaya. .
Shillong, Lber 20: The MPCC today held a meeting to prepare for the upcoming elections by revising its working methods. village that thaw.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw, Bah S Kharjana, said that the pass was issued by the Block Development Officer of Sohiong Block. knock off car passes.
BJP leaders Bah Banshai Khongwir and Nalin Kholi were present on behalf of party leaders from Delhi.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Bah C.Syrti, said that police from Meghalaya have been sent to patrol and stop the clashes between the Karbi and Khasi.
This blackout has affected the students of this village as their online classes are still going on, as well as the residents of this village as a whole.
He also expressed his appreciation for the greatness of Dr Donkupar during their time in the government.
Therefore, all these aspects will have to be considered," he said.
U Bah John said that this is just one thing he wants to mention but there are many things that this government has done for the people especially for the farmers which the farmers have now started to understand the benefits of them. He said that he has a close relationship with the founder of the NPP party, PA Sangma.
Police said they are investigating whether the body of the man was drowned or whether he was killed.
Appointment in any department should be in a fair and transparent manner and should be selected by eligible youth.
I just want to make it clear that all those who trade without documents especially those who are not Khasi cannot trade without a Trading License issued by the District Council,” said Bah Pynïaid.
The CEC meeting will discuss how to work together with other parties like FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF to strengthen the demand for ILP in the state, said Lambokstar Well Marngar.
The General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Bah LK Sawkmie, said that the meeting was held on Tuesday at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District. to hold a Night Curfew on the 12th and 15th from 8 pm and end at 5 pm.
The CJM has also given six days to the police to investigate the seizure of ammunition. The CJM has given six days to the police to investigate into the seizure of ammunition.
They said that most of these VDC posts as mentioned in the BILL have been implemented by the Dorbar Shnongs.
St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong received two prizes, Ryan Surong Myrthong in fourth place and Sneha Paul in sixth place.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA Nongthymmai and Bah AL Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah.
However, after the inspection, it was found that many of the villages are still breaking these nuit except for the areas which belong to the Municipal areas. Plans have been put in place in this area to separate the rotten and non-rotten nuts in order to remove the pollution from this area.
This incident happens especially in the border villages with Assam, because at the time of taking the khana samri it was done while the person was in that place and after that some of them left. to their villages while the Ration Card has been printed.
“Mr Rangbah Duh also spoke about the achievements in sports and said that eight years ago, Indian athletes used to participate in only about 100 foreign tournaments.
"Not only are we providing employment opportunities but we are also ensuring a transparent recruitment process," Modi stressed citing the increasing confidence of the youth in the recruitment processes.
Sohra People’s Democratic Front GAVIN MIGUEL MYLLIEM (WINNER), 29.
Therefore, the Central Government Agencies have been directed to develop schemes and programs in accordance with the notifications.
The Catholic Church has declared 2013 as the Year of Faith. The procession will end on the 24th of this month. moon.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the NESO hopes that peace and stability will return to Manipur soon. but peace shall return unto thee.
MLAs who were present on the occasion were Process T Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem, George B Lyngdoh, Zenith M Sangma, Adelbeth Nongrum, MDC Martile N Mukhim and former Cabinet Minister. Balajied Rani, Mr. Victor Rane, Mr. Teiborlang Reader.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Jongksha Village, Bah A Rynjah, President PDF Mawkynrew, Fr George Jacob, Parish Priest and Headmaster of Good Shepherd HS School and others.
The CE acknowledged this and said that he will take responsibility for this and direct his staff to deliver the transformer as soon as possible.
It is true that the government has taken action in connection with the incident in Assam, but we urge the government and its various departments, who are responsible for this, to show the truth by their actions. The announcement of the NRC in Assam will affect the lives and livelihoods of our indigenous people of Meghalaya if the government does not take real action to curb the entry of foreigners into the state,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The hospital authorities have released a vehicle to provide services to the public and the public can call 8257007227 for any jobs.
Shillong, July 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a petition to the Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang demanding the removal of the BSF gate. at Sonapyrdi Road in East Jaintia Hills District.
In this case, the isolating valve to stop the water has been lost.
The Government's permission to start construction of the railway line in the State is a tyranny of the State Government, because until these days many people are against this action of the Government because they have seen from afar the dangers that await the State Government. If there are no adequate laws to curb the entry of foreigners into our State, as in Mizoram and Nagaland.
The Dorbar Shnong of Kynroh Nonglyer, Sohiong Lyngdohship, East Khasi Hills District, has decided not to distribute food items distributed through the Public Distribution System (PDS) to some women in the village. .
This decision was taken at the CEC meeting of the party.
“In accordance with the directive of the Government of India through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NEIGRIHMS has set up an AMRIT Pharmacy on the ground floor near Orthopedics. OPD where patients can get medicines and others at lower prices, and expensive equipment like cardiac stents, pacemakers.
Furthermore, the Education Cell urges the students to work hard and diligently to succeed in their studies. .
Two deaths have been reported today from West Jaintia Hills, both of whom have not been vaccinated, bringing the total number of deaths to 1448 so far.
He also reminded that besides ISRO, there will also be a number of startups in the space economy.
So far, the total number of health workers who have tested positive for COVID-19 has reached 50 and in East Khasi Hills alone, 34 cases have been confirmed.
At the time of writing, it is not clear how many houses have been destroyed.
Shillong, July 29: The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has called for a two-day sit-in in front of the NIOS office in Shillong. They have started their protest by sending a letter of complaint to the office of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to complain against the mistake of NIOS in issuing the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education ( D.El.
Lower Lachumiere.
These foreign companies have been brought to Mylliem area by various companies, businessmen and contractors including a Center of Learning Knowledge and Services (CLOKS) which has been admitted that the Center has a Lok Agreement. A cow farm, a fish farm at Mawsawa including a petrol pump and a Dhaba at Khadwei Mer, Mylliem. .
The Seng urges the people not to be misled by any exploiters and the Seng also clarifies that there is no objection if you can vote in Bataw as this is the duty of the Government. .
He said that as the Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai (SRT) they are trying to completely change the Khasi community which is descended from the mother. If you don't take this decision of the government, you will take another path.
Most of these youths are between the ages of 15 and 16 years old. The increase in the number of young women involved in drug abuse poses a serious threat to the state.
“The PradhanMantriArogyaYojana, the largest insurance scheme, provides up to Rs 5 lakh for family health care.
This was stated by Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Answering a question by Congress MLA Mohendro Rapsang Rymbui on the IED blast in Shillong, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the police department has been investigating the incident. don't have any information about the bomb blast.
Before concluding, u Shylla congratulated all the people.
On the closing day of the tournament, MDC Lamphrang Blah was the chief guest and Bah D. Dan, District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
Shillong, June 17: The second Executive General Council (GEC) of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today decided to demand that the government should set up a customs tribunal. There were judges to judge the customs and traditions of the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia people.
On this occasion, the IBSD taught how to plant flowers using modern technology and how to care for them.
As the days go by, Khasi songs have been sung from the West to run the market and to make money. Some of the songs are no longer suitable for listening to family members or children. “But the songs in the past, the singers sang about love, the love of nature which soothes and refreshes the soul and also heals the sick,” said Bah Rana.
They also requested to be taken to the UCIL uranium mining site in Jharkhand, so that they can prepare the information collection so that they can get the support of the people,” said Kong Nongbri. do many difficult tasks to negotiate and meet with the people who are the leading groups to resume mining (Uranium.
“This proposal has caused many to worry as it will seriously affect the governance of the country.
While the shops near Lawkyntang have been set aside for the purpose of selling traditional food, including bam kdang, there are also shops for selling meat, blood meat and others. .
Subsequently he used his clear understanding of political affairs and this led to the acceptance of new changes.
Throughout the year, APEDA has held meetings with various state governments to discuss how to implement the policy of the government from the construction of land and the availability of funds to implement the the desire to export agricultural products outside India.
“The State has to ensure that those who have been issued with a minor mineral mining license do not misuse the license to mine and export. major mineral" which has to issue another license for this purpose, but this will be heard again in two days to decide on another one.
Speaking on the occasion were the President of the party, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, and other members of the party who were present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that relief has already been given to the family of the victim.
Four residents of the square have been able to sell their goods in the area after the cutting of the paia.
It is worth mentioning that the state government has suspended the teachers on the allegation of illegal appointment in 2010 and the High Level Scrutiny Committee has been appointed by the government to investigate. CBI.Shillong, Nailur 15: Answering a question by Saleng A Sangma regarding the Tura Medical College, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, said in the House that the work has been completed. to complete by 33% and the amount has been paid Rs.41 crore.
Speaking to reporters, he said that East Khasi Hills District has 29 cases, Ri Bhoi District has 15 cases, South West Garo Hills has 2 cases and West Garo Hills has 2 cases. cases and one case from East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Executive Committee of Adhok Teachers under the banner of “Federation All School Teachers of Meghalaya” after a meeting handed over to the teachers to “It's a good idea to continue or stop the strike,” said Bah Maybon Lyngdoh.
The Leader of the Opposition said that if there is any allegation against the Speaker of the House, it cannot be brought under rule 158 of the Rules of Procedure. who have been able to do so that the member of the House has to look into this.
New Delhi, June 09: The first phase of the 'Vividdhta ka Amrit Mahotsav', to be held at Rashtrapati Bhavan from 8 to 11 June, 2024, has begun with the celebration of the rights of the North East. .
What has surprised the KHADC is the arrival of a company known as 'OYO' to work with hotels in the city where the hotel managers have to carry the signboard of the company on the Hotels and this company send guests.
The Accreditation Committee of the PIB, which includes members from the PCI and NBA, will have to verify any application sent by any news media agency for accreditation.
“The government has to send an inquiry into this matter and if it finds it true, it should take action to ensure that in the future it will not happen again,” he said. he is the leader of the NPP. (SP News).
In a statement, the KSU leader said that it is not illegal to defend the country and to be vigilant.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said, “Before we hold the meeting to take a final decision, we will give two days to all the Chief Executive Members to read well. The first draft amendment sent by the CM in 2012 and the second draft proposed amendment in
Purno A. Sanmga won the Lok Sabha elections from 1991 to 2005 as a Congress candidate, as a Nationalist Peoples Party candidate and as an All India candidate. Trinamool Congress in the middle of these years.
“The Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit the issuance of ST status to anyone who applies to take the lineage of the father or mother, and the taking of the lineage of the husband by a husband who does not The Khasi are the ones who are allowed.
Basaiawmoit said he will seek clarification regarding this matter as it appears from the documents in the office that it is not clear and the contractor will be called before taking a decision whether it is true. or not to stop the process.
Shillong, July 14: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that at a meeting of the party workers, the party workers have expressed their feelings before Ajay Jamal General Secretary. Leave the MDA government and withdraw your support.
Shillong, Lber 31: The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) of East Khasi Hills District today conducted a training on how to react to an earthquake. If there is a strong earthquake that can reach 7.5 on the Richter scale.
The fee for this day will be T.
He praised NABARD especially T. Thangkhiew who is the District Development Manager of NABARD who has worked hard to achieve this scheme by bringing this scheme to Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
He is confident that the NPP will form a government in
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it has received information that the market is supposed to sell jhur at the parking lot of Mawlonghat, which is the parking lot of the Shillong Municipal Board. population.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HM Shangpliang promised to provide an ambulance to the Mawsynram constituency if there are urgent patients especially in many villages in this constituency. Those who are far from Shillong come to Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said the government has written to the Governor to request him to convene a special session. tartik this month on the part of the government.
“It is true that the arrival of mobile phones and internet in Jaintia Hills is a great blessing to the region but it is surprising that these companies have been providing mobile networks for many months, starting with BSNL. , Reliance, Aircel, Airtel and Vodafone and others have not been sufficient as in the past,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
We urge the government and the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to immediately inspect this river and find out for themselves, and if the government does not take action to maintain and preserve the dohum in this river, we urge KSU Narpuh Circle Vice President Samla Phanuel Tongper said that the KSU Narpuh Circle has demanded that the government should implement the Water Policy to protect the people. and to improve this famous river in Jaintia Hills from being destroyed and destroyed by the exploiters.
Congress MDC Stevie Marak said that they are still waiting for the government to extend the GHADC Assembly as requested by the ruling MDCs. expires on 15th March 2020.
Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, said that the purpose of the group is to ensure that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state should until the end of the fifth year.
We sincerely hope that the Government will review the working methods in order to bring about consensus,” said the statement.
In the women's category, Lyntijam from Ri Bhoi District came second and Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills District came third.
Ratan Saha 30 years of   Chaipani under Babupara police station of West Garo Hills District Meghalaya.
Therefore, the union condemns this behavior of foreigners and requests all the Rangbah Shnongs not to be afraid to allow such foreigners from other states to come and live in the villages. They also appealed to the villagers who own houses not to rent their houses to foreigners.
Shah said the purpose of the hydro power plants is not only to generate electricity, but can also be used for flood prevention. .
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Congress Legislative Party in the Legislative Assembly, has denied the allegation that he went to meet with Trinamool Congress leaders in Kolkata.
According to the MOA, the state government officials have agreed to bring about changes in the operation of these vehicles. , by setting up SPVs, Dedicated Urban Transport Fund, Advertisement Policy, Parking, TOD Policy and others.
He said that many times the behavior of some officers or people on the border causes trouble, but it is the duty of the state governments and district administrations to have a peaceful settlement. There is dialogue and understanding but in the end it is not the enemies who should talk like brothers.
Regarding the hosting of the 6th Meghalaya Games, the Minister said that they have not yet taken any decision on where to host the 5th Meghalaya Games. games would be enough.
On the other hand, the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, who was also the Chief Minister of the state, has strongly criticized the government for not being able to curb the violence.
The Government of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not respect the Syiems, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs or land owners and the people of the area whether they agree or not. power.
Shillong, Naitung 02: A BSF truck (AS-01-KC-1775) collided with a BSF truck (AS-01-KC-1775) at 11.30 pm today. The 181 Bn failed to break from Nakham Bazar in Tura and damaged six vehicles and injured four persons.
During the meeting with the Chief Minister, the MDCs of KHADC elected Bah HS Shylla to lead the group of MDCs. The group has met with the Chief Minister to request for a special session.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma, Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Marquise N.Marak.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) has not yet released an estimate of the damage caused by the cyclone on Friday which affected two blocks. Umsning and Bhoirymbong have received more than Rs 1 crore including government and private houses.
Why MUDRA Yojana, India is a country full of dreams of young people.
Addl.SP Banraplang Jyrwa on Tuesday said that only three persons have been identified as Ravi Rai (23) from Elam, Meghalaya, Rajesh Rai. , 26, from Dharan Sunsari, Koshi Anchal, Nepal and Nasar Kyndait (33) from Dkhiah, East Pohshnong.
The KSU together with its allies also set fire to a copy of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule,
Police are conducting investigation to track down the robbers who committed the crime.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: A training for government job seekers in central and state government jobs at various levels has been conducted in East Garo Hills District in collaboration with IDBL. Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, Ram Kumar, said that the training started on 25th April and ended on 8th November. Encourage the job seekers to have the goal of reaching higher ranks like IAS, IPS and IFS and others.
The Joint Committee between the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle today held an urgent meeting.
He said that most of the voters were women.
The Chief Secretary of Assam, Nobo Kumar Das, after resigning from his post, said that the meeting between the two Chief Secretaries today discussed only one issue. Part of that is the Joint Cadres between Meghalaya and Assam.
Thus, Mawlai, which is located between Thum Thum Heh and Thum Thum Rit, also has its own places, works and activities that are famous in all aspects.
NEEPCO Spokesperson L Kharmawphlang told SP News Agency that the SDRF and NEEPCO officials are still searching for the suspects. to this day in that place.
Besides, the government will allow the DCs to allow the traders to buy rice, fuel and other necessities from Assam.
The festival will be the largest in India and will attract up to 80 participants from all over the world, mostly from India and Nepal. The prize money for the winners will be T. lakh rupees.
Therefore, in accordance with the powers conferred under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act 1967 under Section (1) and Section 3, the Central Government has decided to continue to illegally register the HNLC and the HNLC. I'm working on my job.
However, this action of the district administration has encouraged the members of the party to stand firm in this struggle to be a sword and a spear for the Khasi people.
Tura, Nailar 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that there will be no ethnic group in the state. He was speaking at a function to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Sonaram Rongrokgre Sangma at Bakrapur, Golpara District, Assam. In his speech, the Prime Minister urged that “We should look at what has happened in the past where the leaders have paved the way for the better, at the same time to teach the youth this. Dr Mukul reminded that Sonaram Rongrokgre Sangma was one of the greatest politicians of the Garo people, a hero and a freedom fighter of the country.
Today, the team visited two places where the Viksit Bharat program was held in East Khasi Hills District including Mawmihthied and Swer.
KSU Meghalaya Education Secretary Donald Thabah said that after the meeting, they promised to support the demand of KSU Barak Valley.
Shillong, July 30: BSF troops have seized 30 bags of dynamite from the India-Bangladesh border.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan today inaugurated the newly constructed Central Hindi Institute at Mawdiangdiang, East Khasi Hills.
What is understood at the time of writing of this news is that they are waiting to speak to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC regarding the issues affecting the employees of KHADC. At the time of writing, it is not known whether they have been able to meet.
On the speech of Bah AL Hek MLA, Vice President of the party and Bah Rowell Lyngdoh MLA, he said that it is just a wrong writing and not like Bah PN Syiem from time to time. He said that there are some writings which he doesn't want to hear because there is a wrong writing.
The victory of the 5th Meghalaya Games is a testimony to the development of sports and physical activities which has a bright future for the state.
To look after the welfare of these children should be done through the Social Welfare Department and at this meeting today the Social Welfare Department said that the two year old child will be taken care of by the brother of The government has appointed four of them to government places and to ensure that they can continue their education until they reach the age of
He said the Government will seek a Professional Agency to look after and assess the condition of the old houses and Government houses to protect them in case of incident. any tragic incident happens at an unexpected moment.
For this purpose, it is scheduled that on Tuesday, 26th November 2017, at 10 am, the door will be opened for those who wish to file affidavits on the above issues. do all necessary before sending the cases to the Supreme Court in due course.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Enlang Sawian said that the celebration of the 185th birth anniversary of this hero of the Jaitbynriew should not end or be remembered only on this day, but as members of the The HYC should follow the steps taken by this fighter to fight without hesitation or delay in the marches and struggles of the Seng.
Shillong, July 24: The Governor of Meghalaya, Raj Bhavan today informed that the Governor of Meghalaya Satya Pal Malik will not be able to attend the Republic Day celebrations at Polo due to illness. positive COVID-19 test.
Shillong, November 17: The Khasi people are no longer inferior in the field of literature and Meghalaya has declared the death anniversary of Soso Tham as a public holiday. government to honor this great man.
"He said that according to Office Memorandum No.
He has starred in dramas like 'Village Girl', 'Chandra Hangsa', 'Lalasar Balley' and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Nangaibormi Sutnga said that change in governance will come only if the voters understand the need for clean governance.
The Supervisory Committee also visited the Border Security Force headquarters in Baghmara to inquire about the work in connection with the crossing under the leadership of AK Mangotra, IAS (Retd). DK Pathak, IPS (Retd.), former DG BSF and Dr Abdul Mannan, retired teacher from BSF, were also present as Chairman of the committee. I am a professor at Guwahati University.
Similarly, during the visit of DD Lapang and Roupon Singh Ronghang (Minister of Assam Government) to the Khasi Pnar refugees in Sahsniang, they also announced the same to bring the Block 1 land from Karbi Anglong to Jaintia Hills. .
The Chief Minister said that it was on the 26th of 1950 that the people of India gave themselves the Constitution and declared India as a Sovereign Democratic Republic. .
According to information received from the village, some houses have been completely destroyed, some houses have been completely destroyed and some have been destroyed only half of the house. The storm, which struck on Saturday night, came suddenly and lasted only a short time.
A complaint has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station No.44(08) 2023 under Sections 386/120 B of the Indian Penal Code. face.
Police are conducting investigation at the time of writing.
The biggest example of this is that in the past there was a demand to abolish the AFSPA from the North East, but now there is no demand, as the Government of India has taken steps to abolish the AFSPA. 60% of Assam, nine districts of Nagaland, 15 police stations in nine districts of Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now been completely exempted from AFSPA. Arunachal Pradesh has not yet repealed the AFSPA. The Union Home Minister has expressed confidence that the NEC and the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States will work with determination to achieve the targets set by the AFSPA. The NEC has been appointed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to help develop the region and bring about a prosperous, peaceful and job-creating North East like other parts of the country.
Speaking to media at the tree exhibition, Bah Brian D.Kharpran Daly, one of the members of the group, said that in The idea of ​​having a group to encourage others to plant these trees.
In her greetings, the President of India said that she wishes a happy Easter to all Indians as well as those abroad, especially the Christians.
The students demanded that the Vice Chancellor should resign for ignoring their demands.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya. Hospital 1 of Ri Bhoi District.
This should be the dream of every citizen of the country.
Shillong, July 12: The Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills District, today announced that the police force will reward Rs. The name of the C-In-C leader of ASAK is Reding T Sangma. If anyone knows anything about them please call These two numbers are 09485113401 and
The BSF welcomed them after their arrival in Umkiang village. Those who were selected for this trip to Kolkatta are 11 men, 16 women and 3 women. Ajeet Gupta, Assistant Commandant, on behalf of HS Rawat, Commander of 97 Bn.
He was later treated at the BSF headquarters at Dhanakgre in Garo Hills.
Regarding the sugar distribution to the people through the ration shops, the Central Government has suspended, but the State Governments have been allowed to buy from the public market and distribute to the people in the government. the state government.
Bangladesh is India's closest economic development partner and closest trade partner in the region.
Assistant Professors Dr. Chanlemki Lanong, Dr. Kermi U Tariang, Mr. Sashi Teibor Laloo, Miss Badapbiang Dkhar Tariang and Bah Batkupar Nongkhlaw gave lectures and lectures.
“This famous Declaration of Human Rights affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and freedoms without discrimination. “On this day, we call upon all the residents of the village to strengthen and resolve to stand together and protect the Human Rights, to support especially those persons who are still struggling for justice and at the same time to strongly condemn those persons or groups who violate and undermine the status of Human Rights “We pay special tribute especially to the courage and bravery of the private sector, volunteers, organizations,” said Bah Dino DG.Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC. Bhalang who come forward without fear or shame to speak and advocate on issues affecting the rights of the people in this state, whether it is through advocacy to achieve peace and stability through peaceful protests,” he said. “We give our full support to all the people and civil society organizations who have come forward to demand and get justice especially for those people who have been killed and seriously injured. and violated, violated their Human Rights at the hands of the Police.
It leads us to the path of doing better in the North East.
The tests that have to be done include hepatitis, HIV, malaria, and others to make sure that the blood that has been injected does not produce other proteins in the body of the person who receives the blood," he said. How long do antibodies stay in the body of blood recipients?: After injection of proteins (antibodies), they stay inside the body who received it for three or four days.
This means that a policy will have to be drawn up on how to operate vehicles in Shillong, to build parking lots and public pedestrian areas, for which the government will have to draw up rules.
In 2023 alone, 868.30 grams of Heroin, 147.172 kilos of Ganja were seized in East Khasi Hills. - money, 11 cars.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Cabinet meeting today decided to set up a Judicial Inquiry into the death of Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew on 13th Nailar
This will also be a message to the people who park their vehicles on the road or even at home to think carefully before parking to avoid the theft of vehicles as the incidence of thieves these days is very terrible.
Speaking to media, Dr Woba said his team has also spoken to prominent insurgent groups in Manipur, Nagaland and Assam on the need to bring peace.
We will bring you more detailed news later.
The residents of the area said that they don't know how to say and who to blame whether it is the inability of the state government to talk to the central government to build this road or the lack of consent. The NHAI has decided to improve this road, but the residents allege that it is the lack of attention of these two authorities in charge of this road.
On the day of the last rites of Dr. Andreas Dkhar, Dr. Mukul Sangma was also present.
Reiterating that the DIB is an attempt by the Government to bring in global standard cyber laws, Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, “We want to ensure the Internet is Open, Safe, Trusted & Accountable and accelerate the growth of innovation and technology and create a framework for accelerating digitalisation of Government and to strengthen democracy and governance.
In Ri Bhoi, 9 cases, 5 cases from Rangment, 3 cases from returnees and one case from RP Hospital.
He said that new airports are being built in the country, railway stations are being modernized, and roads are being constructed through the residential areas.
Therefore, the people should think carefully to clean the surroundings of their homes to reduce the spread of lice and ticks,” said Dr. Ampareen.
Shillong, November 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Arden Miller Basaiawmoit today said that the KHNAM and HSPDP have no personal reason against the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh. This is the MP election.
However, the Kurs have sought RTI on 23rd November 2020 to find out the truth about the assault on the Syiem of Nongspung Hima.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) of Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has renewed its office bearers for the year until the year
The High Commissioner of India (HCI) has taken action after Bah Joannes JTL Lamare, a volunteer from Kynton-U-Mon, Nongkrem, East Khasi Hills District, sent a letter on 23rd June, 2024 to the Minister of External Affairs, Government of India, Dr.S. Jaishankar to take action against the unjustified arrest of Bah Onil Talang by the Bangladesh Border Guard.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Finely Pariat said that it is a great honor for Meghalaya to have a Prime Minister who has been able to bring and host such major tournaments in the state.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills said that the amount of cash inside the UBI Bank is Re 1-192500, Rs 2-295000, Rs 5-12500 and Rs 10-1
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the BJP believes that in democracy the citizens should come forward to express their feelings and especially their aspirations and the BJP as a political party accepts. It is only the BJP in the country that works with the people to formulate its policies.
Regarding the cost of employment, he said that it will not affect too much as the recognition as full time employees is not available at the same time but only for those who have reached the age of 15 years.
The Chief Minister has taken the initiative to ensure that all the preparations are in place to ensure that all the games will run smoothly during these seven days of the games.
On the same day, a tree planting ceremony was held in Ampati.
The festival was organized by the Directorate of Film Festivals, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, of the Union Government in collaboration with the State Government through the Department of Public Relations.
The life of Soso Tham is full of difficulties and challenges that he has faced since he began to ring the proverbs and lights of the past in the form of poetry and literature of the Khasi. , one of the reasons is that there are very few people who encourage or support him because many people think that he is only a teacher who has completed his education at the primary level.
Shillong, November 02: Police of South Garo Hills District and 120BN of CRPF today conducted a weapons distribution and fighting with the residents of the area in which more than 1000 people attended. to take part in Mitagpre.
In the letter, the HSPDP leader said that all this is the hard work of Bah Metbah as an MLA of this constituency where he has worked with the determination to serve the people of the area. to address the problems faced by the people of the area.
The KSU has removed the name from the signboard of the college and replaced it with the sign “Central Agriculture University, Kyrdem Kulai”.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs has recently sent a letter to the Government of Meghalaya to seek clarification on the demand of the Chief Executive Members of Ri Hynniewtrep to have a special Council for the Chief Executive Members. Partyless, to which the Chief Executive Members are still waiting for the State Government to respond.
Answering other questions, the Prime Minister said that the government would have liked to buy electricity at a lower price, but it is not in the power of the government to set the price. The Central Regulatory Commission (CRC) has approved the price of electricity for the state of Meghalaya.
The indigenous people of Meghalaya strongly oppose any attempt by any authority to destroy the customs and traditions that have existed in these areas since ancient times.
The NCP is a coalition party with the Congress in Delhi and the failure of the two parties to cooperate in the past is due to the death of one of the NCP leaders Purno A Sangma. .
India currently has more than 60 million people with diabetes and by 2030 the number of people with diabetes will increase to 130 million if this increase continues. spread sted as it is now.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Pyllun Dorbar Shnong and the civil society have spoken to the Minister, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, but it is understood that the issue is political because Mawlai is not led by the Congress MLA. It has led the MUA-II government officials to dismiss their own people and has gone to arrange the land inside Mawpat.
The States have been directed to take immediate steps to ensure the availability of these essential items in the ration shops for all the people.
There are 159 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 61 from West Jaintia Hills and 59 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 77,051 cases.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, has appealed to the residents of Shillong to cooperate with the District Administration regarding the closure of shops and restaurants. Food shops around Shillong from 10:00 pm.
Another decision has been taken by the state government to launch a Fellowship Program with the National Law School of the Central Government. Indian schools in Bangalore are working with the Central Government.
In a letter sent to the civil society, it was written that according to the directive of the Chief Minister, he will meet with the civil society on 23/2/2022 at the Main Secretariat to discuss the issue. postpone.
On the other hand, Bah Alan said that many of the roads in the area have been repaired under the PMGSY scheme, while the roads leading to these two tourist spots have been repaired until the road has deteriorated. sha not too much.
I think even if he is going through mountains, rivers, or forests, these too will always have their own designated names by the indigenous people and it is important to mention their names from the for the benefit of the people.
After the explanation, the Bill 2022 was introduced by the Speaker of the House and was passed by the Speaker of the House. or rejected.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The BJP today launched the registration of candidates who wish to join the party across India and also in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 26: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul today in his speech at the 65th Republic Day celebrations at Polo Ground, urged the people to maintain peace and order. it is in any form.
It is in this government that the teachers have to sleep on the streets, and now the students have to go out on the streets. read the book instead.
Loans to women entrepreneurs increased by about 23% in the first four years of the scheme.
Private groups, voluntary groups, companies, aid groups and others to gather information for the development of the NCF. who are involved in this process.
The union also spoke to expedite the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana or Saubhagya scheme which is a scheme to provide free electricity connection to the households under the Socio Economic and Caste Census. 2011 data in the rural areas of South West Khasi Hills for the benefit of the people of the District.
The candidates from Garo Hills will be announced at a public meeting to be held in Tura tomorrow.
The KSU leader also urged the residents of the village to keep clean not only in their own homes but also in the streets and wells around the village. .
Shillong, Nailar 19: Police of West Garo Hills District today after receiving a tip that a man was suspected of carrying drugs, conducted a search operation and recovered to arrest a man and from him twenty-four boxes of soap containing heroin.
: In the Wushu tournament held at Don Bosco School, different districts have won, although East Khasi Hills is still the district with the most wins.
On these three issues, the Hima Dorbar which held today accepted them and confirmed that the Hima should follow these decisions from now on.
“I urge the Chief Minister to look into this issue so that our farmers can benefit by forgiving their debts,” said Bah Shangpliang.
A minute of silence was also held to pray for the soul of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala.
The 25th Anniversary of the Kur Warjri Dorbar was inaugurated at Sohryngkham on 11th November 2022 and will be held at the Dorbar at Thynroit.
On the other hand, the DFO Wildlife, Kong H.Lato, in her speech, congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Chilliang Raij for taking this initiative and urged other villages especially those near the Myntdu River to join hands. to protect the forests so that the slaves can have a place to live in peace.
Regarding the traffic jam in Motphran, the MLA said that this is because the road has been closed in the Mawlong market area and this closure of the road for vehicles has been closed for a long time. stirred up the Motphran.
However, regarding the soskular that the Minister has spoken about between various companies, the government and the land owners, we on the part of the JYF have doubts, we don't understand what the Soskular is and what does it mean to sign? the social and these companies produce dewbilat.
Deputy Secretary Bhaskar was the chief guest at Kongthong Village on Friday in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. DD Syngai and BDO of Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block PS Tyngsong.
He said that under the SAMBHAV scheme, it is working to meet the needs of 75 Gram Panchayats and councils of 42 districts in eight states.
On the same day, a seminar on education in Meghalaya will be held and the issues faced by the state will be conducted by Manas Chaudhuri and Dr Manash Das Gupta, HoD Chemistry, St Anthony's College Shillong.
Police said that these two men came to Laitumkhrah Police Station today after seeing the news of the alleged kidnapping in the media.
Now what we need is to strengthen in the state to go to the villages to give public awareness.
As the days and times go by, we witness that the Khasi community has declined steadily in terms of education, and it is closer to finding Khasi youth to pass higher examinations such as civil services. and others.
From the very beginning, it was said that this is to change from the usual position on the border issue. to this long-standing problem.
Shillong, July 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has said in a statement that the soul of Bah Marwein will rest in peace. Edmund K. Khongngai President of the union, has vowed to close down the office of the State Bank of India at Pomshutia Village if the operation of the bank continues as it is now.
States have been directed to ensure that the movement of goods should be allowed without any interruption from one state to another by maintaining social distancing.
It is a pride for the state that these people come to perform in this city of music.
With this, the MJA hopes that it will be possible to train judoka to take part in the senior level better than at present.
“According to the notification, Block-II includes Umpanai, Umswai, Umbermon, Bisinki up to Neli while the villages including Ummat, Jatalong, Sabuda, Umwang, Khlieh Umwang and Umtlieh fall under the KHADC and not under the KAAC. "I'm going to Assam," he said.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister urged the people to be thoughtful and protect themselves and not to blame only the government as this is a death sentence. you live.
The meeting was attended by members of the Indian Merchants' Chamber (IMC), the 150th Anniversary of India and the Minister of State for Tourism of Maharashtra. Jaykumar Rawal.
The Minister was pleased to hear that Meghalaya has implemented the NEP in various fields.
The initial cost of the house was Rs 22 crore but now it has reached Rs 50 crore.
The union strongly condemns this torti work which has wasted public money and demands that the PWD should punish those involved in this torti and repair the road immediately.
He said that the Umpleng Anti-Dacoity Camp Police received a tip on Saturday at 7.30 pm that there were four bodies of unidentified persons. found behind the Umpleng market.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the gathering of people at his house is due to the people whom he has already written to come and get help. The government has announced the closure of the dam.
New Delhi, July 01: In response to reports circulating in some media, it has been clarified that Rules 31B to 31J which describe the duties relating to Accredited Driver Training Centers (ADTCs) are The Central Motor Vehicle Rules (CMVR), 1989 through GSR 394(E) on 07.06.2021 will come into force from 01.07.2021 and there is no intention to make any changes from
Before the meeting, the opposition leader Dr Mukul said he wanted to know whether the government is led by the NPP, BJP or UDP. he clearly.
Police have registered a case under Section 376 of the IPC at Jowai Police Station and the case has been handed over to the Sub Inspector of Women Police, Kong O.Tyngkan. inquiry.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Seven Congress MLAs today visited Malangkona to find out the truth about the escape of the people from the Assam police. .
The Chairman election is scheduled to be held on the 17th and the CEM election is scheduled to be held on the 18th. month.
“The Director has promised us to set up an Information Center at Guwahati Airport so that tourists who want to come to Meghalaya can get detailed information. The mobile numbers of tourist drivers from Meghalaya,” said Bah Dohling.
Besides the Rangbah Shnong, the other officials were: Asst Rangbah Shnong, Bah Banteilang Lanong, General Secretary Bah Khrawbok Dkhar, Bah Sambok Lytan, Bah Bitu Lanong, Bah Charemiki Kharumnuid, Health. Sanitation Secretary, Bah Mairo Shylla, Asst Health Sanitation Secretary, Bah Teibor Sohtun, Treasurer: Kong Sukhi Pariat.
On the other hand, the union has demanded to improve the road from Mawmaram Nongthliew to Umsaw Khwan.
Referring to other leaders who have emerged in the state, he mentioned the names of Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Patogan Sangma, Purno A Sangma, Speaker of the Lok Sabha. Sabha, former Minister of State Dr David Syiemlieh, Chairman of the UPSC, said that Meghalaya has produced many athletes.
J.Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, said that on this day we should remember that women are the most important gift from the Creator and urged that in every village there should be women. women's organizations that can work for the welfare of their communities.
Shillong, Nailar, 5 : The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation to the Government of Meghalaya on receiving the news that the Government of Meghalaya has taken stingy on the incident at Mukroh.
Shillong, June 11: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, in reply to a question by Brening A Sangma on whether the government has taken any measures to open the Civil Sub Division in Dalu, said: The Minister said that the government will look into this matter.
He also launched Professor Ayushman's comic on Yoga.
Now the soldiers don't have the thought of marching again.
Two trains from Silchar to Guwahati have been delayed, one from Silchar to Guwahati at New Halflong and one from Silchar to Guwahati at Ditokcherra station. there were 1400 of them.
From Tura, only the NPP has announced the re-election of incumbent Sitting MP Agatha Sangma.
The meeting was held at the jhur lang market in Iewduh where the farmers were well received and this is the first time that the food security department has visited the farmers. training to farmers on how to harvest and sell their jhur.
Conrad said that if Dr Mukul wants to work for the development of the country, he should have laid the foundation stone earlier. He said that Dr Mukul Sangma wanted to start his own factory.
The General Secretary of the Hill Farmer Union, Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew, who sent the videos to Batesi TV, said that the robbers came at midnight to open the house and robbed the house. color steal all the cows from the house.
The BSF has been guarding the border with Bangladesh to ensure that criminals do not enter India or from India to Bangladesh to commit various crimes on the border. and three that Ri.
I also urge the new EC to fight against those who sell land along the road who also need to get a trading license not to ban but to stop them and they should provide requirements as determined.
In fact, only one word of the word is enough to describe and convey the meaning of the English word External Affairs.
It was Swami Vivekananda who demonstrated the power of religious faith and won the souls of people around the world in his speech in Chicago.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Supreme Court today ruled that the land and mineral resources in the This state of Meghalaya belongs to the people.
The Vice Chancellor said that if there are such colleges, they should inform NEHU by giving detailed explanations why they cannot implement the NEP-2 , which means that the fourth degree course will start next month.
Shillong, March 31: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the house of BB Chetri in Mawiong Ri this morning.
He said that through RTI, more than 400 students who have passed DSC but only 97 students have been employed and those who have not been appointed are about 400 students. Through RTI, the government has found out about the mistakes.
Sources close to the central finance department said that it is finding it difficult to invest in large projects in the state due to the land tenure system.
This will improve transportation opportunities to difficult to reach areas and will also boost trade and tourism in the state.
He said that the state still lacks many expensive hotels for tourists and this Vivanta Hotel will be one of the accommodation for those who have it and this is the desire of the people to complete this work. .
The strike of the teachers has been successful and now it is up to the state government to invite them to talks and to resolve the issue so that there will be no disruption in the teachers' strike. related to the studies of the students.
These shops were robbed and police said that the owners of the shops learned only the next day when they went to open them and found that the money was no longer in the warehouses.
He said that the youth in this age have been influenced by the customs of others who came from abroad. He expressed his satisfaction to see that the Riti Academy has fought to preserve the customs. tribal tradition in the form of portrait painting.
It is also a devaluation and a violation of the precious teachings of the Holy Scriptures if anyone misuses them.
Shillong, Naitung 14: To strengthen the vigilance of the people, the HYC Diengïei Circle has been established on the 12th of this month.
Especially on this serious issue because if the COVID 19 virus enters through these trucks, our people will become victims without knowing the truth.
Shillong, June 27: The resignation of Arun Kumar Kemphavi as the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has caused many people from West Khasi Hills District to express their sorrow over the transfer of Arun Kumar Kemphavi. willingness to work for the development of the people within the District.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The FKJGP is surprised to see that the organizers of the Shillong Street Art Festival (SSAF) have spread the portrait of Mithun on the streets around Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: On the occasion of the Centenary Celebration of St. Edmund's College, the Khasi Department has organized an exhibition titled “Apot” produced and directed by Bah Raphael Warjri.
“The Government doesn't care and continues to violate the law by appointing only one person as the Director of Investigation and Director of Prosecution as well.
Shillong, June 29: Dr. Rangsan Singh Thangkheiw received the 'Northeast Healthcare Summit 2023' award at the Northeast Healthcare Summit 2023 held in Guwahati on Thursday. Distinguished Career Award' 2023.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, FASTOM Chairman Mayborn Lyngdoh said that during the meeting, the two Ministers in charge of education said that Their demands will be approved and this word soon they do not know when it will be.
On this occasion, Bah Tynsong said that the notices of summons are not sent by the Central Government or the State Government as this is the responsibility of the court.
Regarding this scheme, last year there was a stipulation that MLAs can use this scheme only up to 60% for the purchase of equipment and 40% for other purposes. I don't have a thied.
“The District authorities have conducted a survey and counted the households and found that there are more than 80 illegal households in this area under the Defense Estate Office.
Speaking at the awarding ceremony, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that this award of Kong Silbi has been a great joy for the State in receiving the recognition from the Government of India. that work that I tree.
Shillong, Lber05: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Meghalaya Zone on Tuesday inaugurated the State Level Integration Camp (NIC) on 6th March 2013 at a function held at the Youth Hostel, Shillong. Youths from all over India came to participate including youths from the State(),(),((), as well as youths from all over the Districts who came to participate. The camp will be held for 7 days from 5th to 11th March 2013 at Youth Hostel, Shillong (Meghalaya).
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The BSF on Saturday conducted a training for the personnel of the BSF and their families on how to prevent diabetes. and NEIGRIHMS on the opening day of the battalion.
Police have conducted an investigation to find out more about those involved in the bomb blast, those who paid money or those involved in the incident without forgiving anyone. spirit cat who don kti.
The fourth regional workshop was held in Guwahati on 24-25 October.
The ratio of deposits in Meghalaya has been only 35-40% in the last 10 years while it is 60% in the country.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting of the three District Councils in the state, KHADC, GHADC and JHADC. Bah Hamlet Dohling and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the rules of construction.
it is the pride of the nation.
TRAI clarifies that they do not call or ask anyone to delete their mobile number, or send any information, TRAI does not authorize anyone to You can call your mobile phone provider for all kinds of purposes.
If these rules are violated by the relevant authorities, the permit may be revoked. The leaders of these organizations who apply for this permit must take responsibility.
The Minister said that the Khasi people who are still fighting are still alive, the people are still flourishing, and as it is now, the Khasi people are still growing in many ways.
Shillong, June 11: The entrance examination for the year 208-2019 will be held on the 21st of this month. this month.
All these trucks were seized by the police.
In this regard, Bah Gabriel demanded that the State Government should immediately open the hospital for the benefit of the people of West Khasi Hills District.
He said that the program was funded by NEEPCO which is the PSU, Bhavesh Kalita, MLA from Assam and Makri Mulieh, President of West Jaintia Hills District Mandal. Govt of India.
In fact, with the rapid development of science () it has become easier and quicker to know or announce to the public that the rights of children will be fully reflected in society.
At the same time, it was clarified that the Admit Card will be a curfew pass for those who have taken the examination and two assistants to the examination centres.
These relief items were donated by the people of the Hima who have the opportunity to provide relief to the families who lost their lives and homes due to the earthquake. of the light.
The Commission has already investigated the number of single mothers and the Commission is looking for ways and means to provide assistance to them.
At the same time, he said, “Tell the people to stop this farming, it is not because the people have relied on their income from the synsar, what can be done is, it is to provide medicines is another way for the people to survive and gradually we can stop this cultivation of synsar”.
Shillong, July 05: Today was the second day of the Inter-School Athletic Meet held by the State of Meghalaya at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Complex Shillong.
Milk is an important part of the human body. The government is striving to promote the milk industry in the state as it is also a source of income for the development of the state. He also congratulated the working groups who have played their part in this work.
M. Nongrum, Deputy Director, NSSO(FOD), RO Shillong gave a speech on the importance of this training and also Industrial Statistics.
I pray that God will change the hearts of my friends who have lost their conscience, their conscience is dead today here, I human being cannot do anything but I have fulfilled my duty" added Titus.
North Garo Hills and West Garo Hills won one gold medal each.
This research is to raise awareness that there is no need to have the same race to escape from this. There should be detailed information. The KHADC will no longer allow non-Khasi women to use the race of a Khasi husband.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary of the Local Taxi Welfare Association of East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that taxi drivers still have to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. when you take a taxi.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that the investigation has been conducted with all the efforts to find out the name of the girl.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, RV Suchiang today inaugurated a one-day meeting of District Magistrates and Deputy Commissioners between India and Bangladesh. It is from the state of Meghalaya.
The Minister said that the money will go to the Kendriya Sainik Board for the purpose of helping the injured soldiers, retired soldiers and widows of those who died in the attack. jinglen loaded because of Ri.
The full objective of the PRASAD scheme is 'Pilgrimage Rejuvenation and Spiritual Augmentation Drive'
On this day, various organizations came to lay flowers.
He said that the strongest power and strength is to have the spirit of action.
Maligaon, July 13: The Railway Protection Force of the Northeast Frontier Railway has arrested six Rohingyas from Alipurduar in Agartala.
Food was also distributed at Civil Hospital, St. Peter's Green Pasteur Orphanage, Pyndengrei, Rev. S. Wollington Children's Home, Nongpyndeng and Shelter Homes for Boys and Girls, Nondein.
By showcasing the diverse roles of women in local development, this dialogue aims to inspire inclusive practices to build a stronger and more resilient society.
Both matches will start at 3:15pm and be held at the SSA Stadium.
The CEM said that the salaries of the employees and EMs and MDCs will be the revenue of the KHADC. ,20,548/- while the annual expenditure is T.60,00,00,0
He said that even in the sectors where India did not have a hand in the past, the country has now grown well and as a sign of this, he said that India is now ranked third in the sector of startups. .
Shillong, March 24: The President of the A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) Georgeprince Ch.
Lapynsuk Ryntathiang of Class XI Commerce, Darisha Wahlang of Class XI Arts and Dasanbaniewkor Wahlang of BA Second came second. Last semester I participated in this competition.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Dr Jemino Mwthoh MLA, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh MLA, A Blah Rangbah Shnong Demseiniong, Regional Manager of Maruti J Shah. bad u B Same.
Out of the 5.5 lakh jobs to be employed by the government in the next five years, the government has set a target of 2.5 lakh jobs in agriculture only, 100 jobs for women from the NRLM scheme, 100 jobs from the skill Meghalaya scheme. 1.2 lakh jobs, 50,000 jobs from the tourism department, 50,000 jobs from CM-Elevate, 25,000 jobs from IT Park Shillong and Tura and 10,000 jobs.
The testing of those who go to work in KHADC is not only at the office of KHADC but also for all those who go to the courts of KHADC, employees, judges and even judges.
Others who took part in the rally were Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah, Batskhem Ryntathiang, Karnes Sohshong, Charles Marngar, Gabriel Wahlang and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Embhah expressed his satisfaction that the school has been able to produce students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. women who have passed the HSSLC examination at an advanced age.
Speaking to reporters, Bah KS Rani Vice President of the party said that the party's meeting with the CEM was to remind him that the contractor of Assam has built the road. PMGSY road in Balakhawa has come to work again without permission.
Two persons have died today, Saira Tynsong, 54, of Darang West Jaintia Hills and Purnima Lama, 45, of Dongkamon, Nongmynsong. .
The SP of East Khasi Hills said they could complete the investigation by the end of this month.
Regarding the registration of soldiers in the electoral roll, the party strongly opposes the Chief Election Officer of Meghalaya, who has allowed the soldiers to register their names in the electoral roll. the vote of the state.
Shillong, July 14: Shillong Municipal Board ( Shillong Municipal Board ) has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. complete the date of cleanliness in Shillong.
According to the information received by the union, some of the employees have gone to Mawsynram to apply for the form but the department has not issued the form while the UP employees have been issued by calling. letter This is a shrieh act of recruitment in this department by trying to remove the indigenous people and introduce the barong of Bah Marbud.
The two KSU members, Shanborlang Shati, 26, and Messadapbor Skhembil, 26, were arrested in connection with the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village. Ishan Singh and Sudip Dutta were arrested on the 27th of last month.
Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, was arrested from Shillong, while Tarson Lymba was arrested from Dawki and the investigation is ongoing.
On the allegation that food items should be handed over to cooperatives, the Chief Minister said that according to Article 4 of the Food Distribution Act, it is clear that the State Governments and UTs can provide food items. any group but must comply with the rules.
Shillong, Nailar 01: AICC Special Leader Mukul Wansik today began his meeting with Congress MLAs and MDCs at Congress Bhavan. To know what will happen to the government of Dr Mukul Sangma in Meghalaya.
Tura, July 12: Police commandos have killed four militants in a clash with militants at Dobasipara and Darenggre outside Tura on Saturday night. midnight.
Police have recovered an AK-47 rifle and a magazine from the scene.
At present it is not known when they will start this way bridge but as the village officials who see the traffic jam in this village do not want to see that there will be more traffic jam which will be stopped by the villagers. hours in traffic.
The SP City told SP News Agency that the police had been waiting for Bah Anthony at the scene but after searching for him after the service, they could not find him. more.
Das, the owner of a shop in Bishnapur, was burnt to death by unidentified persons who threw petrol and wiang on him. fire him on the 16th of November.
The FSP has taught the children in many ways how to stand on their own feet.
On the other hand, the ASHAs requested the Dorbar Shnongs and Village Leaders to cooperate with the ASHAs especially during these times when the ASHAs are conducting their protests.
The KSU also stressed that there are some people living in Shelter Homes which is a place for the homeless and economically disadvantaged, but there are others who are living in Shelter Homes. People who have their own vehicles, jobs but stay in these places because they have everything from food to drink.
The Director said that the woman had been suffering for about three days at home and when she was taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong but it was found that the mother died before reaching the hospital.
We have tried to arrange little by little as much as we can and the final decision we will take will be on November 7,” he said.
Naitung 25: Although the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has issued an order not to illegally cut kilos of farmers' products in Iewduh and especially after the approval of the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (KHADC), however, kilo cutting continues today.
Due to the peace and order situation in Garo Hills, the government has made special preparations to provide security on the polling day to avoid any untoward incident. long worked to conduct this election smoothly.
She encouraged others to be diligent in their studies and not to worry but to remember to do well and to pray.
Members of the Committee were Bah Himlalaya Shangpliang and Lazarus Sangma, both MLAs and officers of the Assembly. .
Meanwhile, the Congress party and its supporters have nominated Winnerson D Sangma for the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
However, the recent earthquake has caused people inside the secretariat to leave and run around wherever they find it, but to talk about the dangers that can arise from the construction of houses without looking carefully is difficult. to make people aware.
At the same time, India will see that for the first time in many years, there will be elections to elect the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, as the NDA has decided to nominate Om Birla, who is the Speaker of the Lok Sabha. the Speaker of the last Lok Sabha.
There was also an exhibition of products made by the students and a fashion show “Fashionova” as part of the programme.
The office blockade which was held today went smoothly without any incident or blockage of the road for those who came by any group.
Shillong, July 13: Child Friendly Shillong together with the Child Rights Clubs of Mawlai Nonglum, Motsyiar and Nongpathaw have organized a Road Safety Awareness Program on July 8,
On the other hand, the party is surprised that it has not been released yet and the year 2020 is over.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, writing on the Whattapp Group of the HYC, said that these people, who number about 40 people, have extorted money from the guards who stayed inside the hostel. at that time they did not do anything.
At the same time, the issues that are facing to be resolved are in terms of ownership, it is on this basis that the Government wants the Central Government to implement Para 12 A( b) of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra has imposed Section 144 CrPC in the Sohbor and Wahlong Hima to prohibit the use of mining machines within the border. the sum of these two ships.
Khliehriat, March 05: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested two persons identified as Md. Neshan Uddin and Md. Jahir Hussain for allegedly threatening to kidnap Md. Ali Ahmed.
He said that the way the contest is conducted is similar to the 'The Voice' contest conducted outside India.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The State Government on Friday suspended the implementation of two orders issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, relating to the closure of shops within 10 am. Shillong and the implementation of the Odd/Even Number for commercial vehicles.
The Kliar-aktiar Jied-lamkhmat through the lawyer also expresses the same view in the argument and in the argument that the promise of goods to be sold by the government is violated. equal election of candidates and vitiate the election process and thus expresses its firm willingness to implement any recommendation or decision of the court in this regard.
This action of the police has shocked especially the children and there have been cases where they have entered the homes of women in the middle of the night with drunkenness which has shocked and frightened the mothers and children.
According to the information received, there are still many people who have received certificates from the Social Welfare Department that they have disabilities and have not yet received the ration which they should have received.
Playgrounds came much later.
He said that the persistent problem of water shortage has come before us.
: The Ministry of Police, Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday issued an order through its Secretary Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh to transfer the post of Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa as the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District. Giri Prasad M., who is the current Superintendent of Police of Ri-Bhoi District, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District.
Rev Pastor K Nongpluh said that this is the first church of the church. The church was founded in Mylliem and was brought to this place in 1904 or The first church building was built in
The FKJGP sends its condolences to the families of the victims.
These civil society organizations who participated in the talks welcomed the explanation from the government and these organizations which led the protest are three groups and many of the others did not take part in the protest.
it means to speak or commit acts of indecency, immorality, immorality, immorality or any words or acts that are against human dignity in society.
Wanbhabianglang Thabah, Laikmenlang Kharkongor and David Lyngdoh were the winners in the 61 kg, 55 kg and 40 kg categories.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The induction of eight MDCs of JHADC into the BJP party was held this morning in the presence of leaders from Delhi.
During his visit to the Vatican, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has met face to face with Pope Francis and greeted him face to face. the Chief Minister of the State.
If the police department continues to search for the leaders of the party as well as the insurgents, the party will not be able to protect them in any way.
In a statement issued today, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has authorized the Market Committee of Myllime Hima to punish those who violate the COVID-19 rules. .
The smugglers who tried to take advantage of the heavy rainfall but the BSF guarding the border as soon as they saw this movement, they drove away and the smugglers broke the Ganja and managed to escape. crawl from the city bag.
At the jhur shop, it was seen that the jhur shops have become very expensive because the jhur shopkeepers have had to break the jhur. it is with this loss.
Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (COMSO) Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO), told SP News Agency that the meeting with the Chief Minister was only to get a detailed clarification on the issue. that is, the calling of a special meeting.
In his speech, Conrad K Sangma said that the Congress party will not come to power in Meghalaya in 2018 and as it is in the country. The Congress has lost power in the country.
But once again, I don't think that if it is within the rules given by the Government of India, we can take (the loan),” he said.
: Thousands of vendors in the market today attended a meeting held at Motphran by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Hima Mylliem Office. They included the market dwellers and farmers who came from the villages to listen to the decisions taken by these two and to take a decision and the decision was announced in front of the people on these decisions.
Ravi Kant, CEO, Eyewear Division, Titan Company, said, “Titan continues to introduce new products to meet the demand of the people.
UOI & Ors.
Mr. Auguster Jyrwa said.
Other areas like Boko, Khanduli and Umshit have been handed over to the police for further investigation.
The school was founded in 2007 by Bah Pro Suiam and so far the school building has been constructed at a cost of more than 30 lakh from his own fund and the government has provided only T.13.8 lakh. Interestingly, this school is the first school in the rural areas of East Jaintia Hills to implement the TATA Class Edge Smart Class.
This was stated by HYC General Secretary Shella Unit.
He also announced that the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem are looking for land for the construction of a cold storage facility. farmer.
On the same day, the CEM of KHADC also introduced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bill,
, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Police that Bah Denis Siangshai of Mookhep Village in 2009-2010 has taken T.1,50,00,000/- from the Corporation but has not yet paid. .
Thousands of vehicles have been stranded for hours in the landslide and have had to wait for assistance from the district authorities who have sent puhshilum vehicles to repair the road. a hand stuck in the middle of the road.
He said that the NPP has been working for a year and a half in Mizoram until it was able to hold the party inauguration ceremony in the state. He said that the NPP will have a leading role in forming the next government.
Shillong, Nov 17: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed a Delimitation Committee to prepare a Delimitation Bill to review the border. The Committee today met with the journalists at the Shillong Press Club to inform the public and also to the constituencies of the KHADC. Village leaders including Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Ministers and Syiems will attend the public hearing which will be held in the districts and sub divisions.
The strength of the party does not depend on the number of members but on the leaders.
In the struggle to recover the bodies of the people who have been trapped in the coal mine for six months yesterday on 16/01/2019 at night only one body could be seen through the cameras. Shillong, July 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of all the Rangbah Kurs of the Hynniewtrep Hills District. HS Shylla CEM of KHADC has been elected as the Sharman of the Union.
The EC will meet with the opposition and supporters on this decision and the outcome will be taken to the EC for discussion. .
This bridge has become one of the tourist attractions in the area where people flock to this place every day.
