Also on this occasion, a meeting was held with the Chairman of NIOS Headquarters by phone in the presence of the leaders of the Association.
Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Manoj Sinha, said that the Union Government's initiative is to get accurate information from the people so that the Government can understand better. detail the challenges they face now and in the future.
The meeting was held at New Hope Restaurant, Shillong and was presided over by the President of the Forum, Bishop P Lyngdoh.
The intention of the government authorities to allow small vehicles to operate to Motphran is to see how the traffic jam will be, but this has not helped the traffic on this road to come to Motphran. Chapter.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Blah said that in these three meetings, the government has had Bah Peter and the HNLC has had the Political Secretary. and the Secretary of Foreign Affairs and on his behalf.
The HYC reminds that they are the Nongtur who are at the forefront of the fight against this disease.
All the speakers on this night urged the Christians that the celebration is not a celebration but the important thing is to receive the Savior in our hearts.
Five kumiwbynna were erected in the specially designated rynsan for the construction of the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The shortcomings include the equipment for the ICU, staff and many other shortcomings, ambulances and works which still need to be approved by the government. .
On average, 23.4 crore people participated in IDY 2023.
Speaking to reporters at the meeting, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the meeting today was to continue the work of the RDA in the presence of leaders from all over the country. both political parties.
Bah Warjri also recalled about Bahrit Devin Kharsyntiew and the life and goals of the four Presidents of MNH&VA who have now reached great positions even though they were only newspaper vendors in the past.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Mining and Geology Department of the State Government today held a meeting on the coal mining industry in the state.
He said that the people living on the border with Assam understand that they cannot live with the people of Assam. He said that the merger with India is under Article 7 of the Independent Act. said Erwin.
The two players were selected for the World Kickboxing Championship after being selected from Raipur and Delhi for the National Kickboxing and Federation Cup.
In the first part of the festival, on the theme “Let's be in charge of our culture, let's protect our environment” there was a Khasaw competition, a Volley Ball match between 5 Seng Samla Shnong. Lummawbah won the title against Mawbidong Youth Association.
With the goal of restoring the cleanliness of the Umkhrah River, the Green Tech Foundation (GTF) has taken the initiative to cleaning of parts of the Umkrah River near Weiking, Khasi College.
The coming days will be announced and the same arrangement will be made in the coming days.
Thus, through the existence of this Association, it will be a source of income for the day laborers.
In the municipal area, the law does not allow the cultivation of rice but the authorities are blind and have not taken any action on this issue.
The festival was inaugurated by the President of the College, Bah Lawanpynshngain War, in the presence of the Principal, Babu Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, teachers of the College, parents and elders of the area.
Current and former teachers of the training center were also honored at the event.
In his speech, Donal said that the Society has already issued 808 certificates for those with disabilities to receive assistance from the Chief Minister Scheme.
He said the purpose of the bill is to inherit the property of parents, especially for those who have only sons and no children at all, but it does not mean that it should be done equally to distribute the property because all this depends on the free will of the parents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the fact that Mawpud village in South West Khasi Hills District has been without light for nearly six months.
School children and residents of the area although many children study in these government schools.
He said that the vaccination will have to be extended to 30 crore people in the second phase where the vaccination will be given to the elderly and people with other physical illnesses.
You can also make a Fixed Deposit for all students.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that the government has awarded bad marks to 15 contractors in the state for failing to complete the construction of PMGSY roads. Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that to speed up the development works in the state, an app has been launched. The app has been able to introduce up to 11 types of government schemes and nine government departments have already completed the application.
It also shows the corruption of the government and its officers which affects the future of the indigenous people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah A Nongkynrieh, President, said that they have already sent a letter from time to time to the government and till now they have not received any letter. The government has replied that more than 300 members who earn money refuse to pay the permit and refuse to join any company.
The JAC urges that the jobs that can be done by the people from Jiantia Hills should be considered for them at the power plant.
Anita Kharpor, Director, Small Savings Department and Joint Secretary, Personnel Department, has been dismissed from her post as Executive Director MSSDS from the date of handover.
Late B.S.Tyagi Commandant (Retd) BSF, who showed courage with a few soldiers in 1971, was honoured.
According to the President of HITO, on November 16, 2021 and November 8, 2022, they have already submitted a petition to investigate to find out these corruption cases in the state but this has not been done. Amit Shah has confirmed that there is no corruption in the state.
The second proposal is to relocate the Shillong Municipal office from Bishop Cotton Road where there are residential buildings to a temporary location opposite the former MBDA office. to obtain permission from the Municipal Office and to relocate from those houses built for residential purposes.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the CORP leader said that during the investigation, the party found that he had received a scheme from the MLA. it was with the field that it was found that there was no field.
The BJP and the KSU have already demanded that the case should be handed over to the CBI for further investigation.
The ABVP has tried to force these people to enter the campus and to do dirty politics inside the university.
The counting of votes went smoothly except for three incidents in Umladang village in West Jaintia Hills due to violence.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Tens of thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills today paid their last respects to Father Silvanus Sngi Lyngdoh at the Silesian Fathers' Prayer Center at the Sacred Hearth Theological College.
Regarding the payment of test fees for the BPL households in these areas, the government has no responsibility.
The Prime Minister expressed his concern over the strike by the employees of EMRI which started on 30th November and this has affected the services to the employees. public in this state.
After arresting the suspects, the VDPs of the Syndai Mission immediately took them to Syndai Village for further investigation. The Syndai Mission Village and the VDPs have handed them over to the Police for punishment according to the law.
The RBYO urges the KHADC to look after the markets in their Ri Bhoi areas such as Byrni, Nongpoh, Umsning, Umroi Bhoirymbong and other markets in Ri Bhoi.
They were also urged to take part in the testing for COVID-19 in their villages by the staff of the state health department.
Bidder selection has been simplified and technology has been opened to accelerate the recruitment process.
Surprisingly, within two years, in 1986, the state government, with the consent of the Governor, abolished the project.
A total of 120 badminton players took part in the tournament.
Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawiongrim Unit on Tuesday marked the 9th Anniversary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawiongrim Unit.
The HYC demands that the Mairang Civil Sub Division should be upgraded to a district and the district should be renamed as “Khatsaw Phra District”.
He said that India is in a unique position among democratic countries because it has strength from Gram Panchayats to Parliament and that democracy is the essence of our way of life. .
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Bah Emlang Lytan, President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday said that “they don't need the recognition of Dr Donkupar Ray, they need the recognition of the people. ".
Tisosstarwell Chyne, when he came to take over as CEM of KHADC, set up a committee to look into this and after discussion and consideration, the report was submitted to the CEM by the Chairman, Bah Bindo M. The Bill was introduced in the House on 6th November 2022 and was passed today.
The rally cum sit in demonstration will be held on the grounds that the Meghalaya Government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma and the support of the MLAs of the Kyrshan side has ignored the demands of the party so far.
The BJP welcomes all those who want to join it and does not prevent working people from rising to the top. in India.
He said that the tax price of coal is T.11.00/- per tonne and if 500 trucks pass through every day, hundreds of crores of money goes to a few people, he said.
“Any Khasi woman who marries a non-Khasi man, the children of this marriage shall also be considered illegal. They will lose their Khasi identity and other rights as Khasi, they will no longer be able to claim their share under any law.
The KSU Laskein Circle has agreed to support the JSU Sengkmie on its 12 hour curfew on the 12th of this month to force the government authorities to set up a Blood Bank in the district.
At this meeting, the residents of Shangpung Koira Village have gathered from their homes to welcome the Kickboxing player. PA Dalloi of Shangpung Koira District Chanki Langbang was the Chief Guest. The Village Dorbar Elected The Witting Born Langstang.
Shillong, June 03: The Meghalaya government has allocated the Karuna Trust to run some PHCs in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. this trust is managed.
In the senior men's category (45 kg), Eastern West Khasi Hills beat East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, as the leader of the HSPDP party in the government, he urged the government to resolve the issue as soon as possible. If the GVK does not listen to the government, it should be withdrawn and handed over to someone else to operate the 108 Ambulances.
The BSF has handed over these people to the law enforcement authorities to punish them according to the laws of the country.
Prateek represented India at the National Qualifier Event of Mr. India 2023 organized by Global Model India in Pune where he finished sixth.
The CSWO said that the police have been slow to deal with powerful people from time to time and foreigners have been arrested and detained at will. find the facts.
Shillong, July 31: The Director General of the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has to ensure that the media is not bought by the media. Speaking to reporters, the Election Commissioner said that if it is found that there are newspapers that write biasedly, no one will be biased in the election. The Commission shall ask questions and if they are written related to any candidate, they shall be submitted in writing.
In this regard, new airports were built and old ones were upgraded.
The game was invented by Dr Jigoro Kano, an expert, in 1882 by developing the rules for playing as a sport.
Referring to the BJP's allegation against the JHADC and GHADC, he said that in fact if there is any problem while in the government, it should be discussed within the MDA. He said that he didn't see what they were saying and it was difficult to say anything.
The President of the MPCC on Friday said that the Congress has fixed the date for the filing of nominations on the 25th in Shillong and Tura.
Ed will increase from T.9,200 to T.19,044 for Lower Primary teachers and T.9,900 for Upper Primary teachers from T.20,4
Gas burners do not have to pay for a cooking gas tank or pay a loan to fill it for the first time in six payments for a 14.2 kilo tank.
She said she is pleased to lay the foundation stones of 100 Model Secondary Schools with the aim of providing better education to the children of those people who work in the fields.
The meeting was conducted by Bah E Kyrbah President of Mawthadraishan BCC.
However, what is shocking is the increasing involvement of foreigners in our state to take for granted to form a government (bulldozed) according to their wishes. their.
Three persons were seriously injured and others were injured in the incident which occurred in the middle of the night while the meeting was going on.
Meanwhile, in Ri Bhoi, the KSU North Khasi Hills has held a rally at 20 mer in Ri Bhoi District to wait for the arrival of the ABYSO leaders who intended to leave for Ichamati without the government's permission. .
There are 10 recoveries in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 7 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Garo Hills. today.
Shillong, July 26: The PHE department has strongly condemned the PHE department for not taking care of the cleanliness of the water supply to the people.
Rakkam A Sangma said that in meetings with the heads of universities including the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) and the principal of the council, the state council has decided that they have not yet decided. NEP 2020 has been implemented.
For the construction of the Pynursla-Myllat Nongkhlieng road, T.60 lakh has been received.
Thefts have happened every day in many villages until the people have to sleep at night.
“At present, it is time to dedicate this Christmas celebration for the sake of preserving the environment,” said Father Barnes, who conducted the song contest.
Shillong, July 16: The number of cases of COVID-19 positive in the state has risen to 1128 so far today, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
She said the filing of the case from 2019 is to change the discussion on the issue of corruption of Adani and the relationship between the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister. Gautam Adani.
The ICYM-Jowai Diocese invites all the youth of the Catholic Church in the Diocese of Jowai to come and take part in this annual sports meet. Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of ICYM-Jowai Diocese, Samla Mutshwa Thabah, said that the Annual Sports Meet will be held today.
After a thorough investigation, it was found that there were signs of injury on parts of the head of the man and he appeared to be dead.
In this demand that their children too have the right to celebrate Christmas, give up their arrear.
Throughout these years, she has gathered together her relatives and taught them the basics of the traditional religion from the knowledge of man to the knowledge of God.
Shillong, July 03: The JSU Central Body (JSU) in a statement said that the JSU Central Body (JSU) has strongly opposed the MDA Government's plan to privatize MeECL. sent a letter to the Chairman cum Managing Director of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited to oppose their proposal to award tender and contract and at the same time to operate the 3 x 42 MW MLHEP Stage 1 Power Station and the 2 x 20MW Power Station. The new Umtru Power Station of MePGCL has been built by a private company in another state.
Shillong, March 12: Three houses in Kalapahar village under Ranikor Block of South West Khasi Hills District have been destroyed by a wild boar on Friday night at 7.30 pm. There is no book that the elephant has not harmed the people.
This video is only 26 seconds long and was shot on the NH-44E under construction.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle (KSU) has strongly opposed the transfer of assistance through the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to Nolakita Secondary School. The students of Ranikor border area including Maheshkhola, Khonjowai, Nongjri, Kulang, Borsora, Mawpyllun, Phlangdiloin, Nongnah, Oh, Rngasora how so on.
To improve electrification in rural areas, the DeenDayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY) was launched in
Nongkseh, Nailar 26: The State Government in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong, Nongkseh Youth Wing has organized a festival at Nongkseh to raise awareness among the youth to make their own decision to choose their future.
She also mentioned the assistance opportunities that the government has for the residents who want to improve their income without affecting the environment and its creatures.
Umkiang Village demands that the NHAI should repair the NH-6 for the benefit of the people.
The event will also play an important role in empowering students and Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) in the region to take full advantage of initiatives such as the PM Gati Shakti National Masterplan. , National Logistics Policy, and the Unified Logistics Interface Platform.
However, it is true that if we look at the situation of this disease in the large and powerful countries, we can say that India is now in a better place with the right steps.
Mairang United Democratic Party METBAH LYNGDOH (WINNER), Na
Ed) which has signed a social agreement with NIOS where 7822 teachers teaching at elementary level are now affected by the NIOS's corruption and when will it start sending training to teachers who have yet to complete their examinations? and professional qualification (D.El.
The party also urges all the MDCs to think about protecting the jaidbynriew in all aspects by introducing various laws and policies and not to be involved in money laundering. translate shuki.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The State Government has released the purchase of synsar and tyrpat leaves which are the staple foods of the people of the State.
In the FIR, Bah M Rapsang has also included a message that has been circulated in Shillong in the past two or three days. it is only to defame Rap's Departmental Store and his family by some private individuals.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Twenty-one villages have been affected by the REMAL cyclone in South West Garo Hills District. government buildings were also damaged.
The Speaker's rejection of the adjournment motion was due to the fact that a resolution had already been passed on the same subject.
He has flown the IAF's Mirage-2000 for 2300 hours and his flight experience is for 5100 hours.
Those who have proper documents were asked what they came to do, where they stayed and how many days they stayed.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to determine the cause of death.
About 800 people including students of NEIAH, Shillong Polytechnic and the army along with others took part in the programme.
Shillong, July 16: U General Secretary of the National People's Party (NCP) Praful Patel today announced that the party will contest the MLA elections in Meghalaya from 42 constituencies and 22 from Garo Hills. and 20 in the Khasi Hills.
However, the broadcasting industry has undergone many changes over time.
The program was attended by the students of the school, parents and teachers.
There have been 10 recoveries today, 82 cases, 14 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills. , Ri Bhoi 2, West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
The death toll from East Jaintia Hills has risen to 1458, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
There are 19 cases in East Garo Hills, 27 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 392 cases in East Khadi Hills, 19 cases in North Garo Hills, 170 cases in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in South Garo Hills and , South West Khasi Hills 7, West Garo Hills 59, West Jaintia Hills 79, West Khasi Hills 12.
At this meeting, the president of EJNU informed the DC that if the markets can be opened three times a day, the places of worship and houses of worship should also be opened once a day. with the compliance with the COVID-19 rules.
At the same time, he said that this is only a reason for the BJP-led NDA government. The support of Bah AL Hek for ILP is also a reason for the delay. To remind, the demand for ILP is the voice of all the indigenous people of the country. not only a few and long-standing since 1978 onwards.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday sent a statement to the Priests, Religious and Faithful to inform about the opening of new Parishes in the Diocese of Shillong. .
According to the rules, posters in government buildings must be removed within 24 hours, posters in public places must be removed within 48 hours and those who are lost in their places must be removed within 48 hours. individual must drop or remove within 72 hours.
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in the districts is East Garo Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 22, East Khasi Hills 559, North Garo Hills 10, Ri Bhoi 103, South West Garo Hills 6, Wouth West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 21, West Jaintia Hills 77, West Khasi Hills 4.
Meanwhile, the Long Round Road in Lum Shanghai has been named after Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala SDB DD.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: A tree has suddenly burnt down in the farmland of Shella area on Tuesday night. the fields of the people are destroyed.
This was announced by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States in a statement today.
The death toll has risen to 18, 16 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The meeting was opened by Bah Sted Kharraswai, one of the members of the kur.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in his speech as the chief guest on the occasion of the World Honey Bee Day, It is said that there is a risk of gaps throughout the world so there is a need to preserve them.
In 2019, we have already talked to a minister in the MDA government with the knowledge of the Prime Minister but they have not been able to do anything. Even if only the ILP has been passed in the Assembly, the MDA government cannot pave the way for its implementation.
We should make the decision to reject them if we cannot reuse them again or from time to time with the same plastics.
The organizers of the festival said that one of the objectives of the festival is to attract tourists and to send messages to others through drawings related to life and society through The photographs in which the union feels that the organizers of the festival have made a mistake because the photographs of Bollywood actors have nothing to do with the lifestyle or thought of the indigenous people living in Shillong and the state. hi all.
On receiving the complaint, the police rushed to the residence of the perpetrator and arrested him. The investigation is ongoing.
The party has given the ticket to Lazarus Sangma.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action to talk to the MeECL office and said that the village has to pay at least 70% of the bill light so that the MeECL office can provide it. Transformer is located in the village.
Police have registered a case under Section 279 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and other sections of the Motor Vehicle Act.
The Customs also aims to reduce the use of drug strains and provide support for initiatives around the world to combat drug trafficking.
Shillong, July 26: The Rabha community is the people of Meghalaya and the government will continue to develop this community and all the communities. it is pride as a nation.
Speaking to media after the meeting, which was attended by the JNV School Principals, the PHE Department, the Central Pollution Board, the Deputy Commissioner who is the Chairperson of the school and also the Principal of the school. Principal Secretary Education and PHE. The Committee of the House of Representatives has visited the garbage dump of the school during their holidays and after finding that this The committee has ordered that the school should provide a sewage treatment plant.
Williamnagar, Naitung 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, while visiting the Educere Higher Secondary School in Williamnagar to talk to the founder of the Educere Higher Secondary School, Williamnagar, Gamchi Tamrey R. Marak School, teachers and students in the presence of parents to inaugurate the new school building funded by the Chief Minister's Special Urban Development Fund.
New Delhi, Lber 30: The Union Government has approved an increase in the income for those who sell Uriah fertilizer at the same price across India.
These people even if they pass will not return, the loss is that these people will not return and the loss is that the villagers have lost their share. They should not be accepted as such.
“The Council should be proud of this family because in the past few days and in the past, the government and UCIL have come to offer crores of rupees to the family, but im three.
The KHADC in 2015 has established the Mawtamur Hima according to the request of 14 villages. The KHADC in the same year has issued a notice that these villages in The people of Mawtamur fell under the Jirang Hima.
Shillong, June 01: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Khasi Hills and one from North Garo Hills. There are 3 cases in hospital and 3 cases are undergoing treatment.
In order for the dialogue to go smoothly, we have stopped all illegal activities, which we hope that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep have seen through the media.
On the same day, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills Unit (KSU) has laid a wreath at the statue of Soso Tham at the Khasi Department of NEHU. The day was marked by the laying of flowers at the statue of Myllung Soso Tham at Saitsohpen, Sohra.
Rev G.S Lyttan Moderators, Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly.
Shillong, Lber 01: The President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union, Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutang on Saturday met with the Tourist Associations of Assam to resolve the issues. At Guwahati Airport, a tourist driver from Meghalaya was shot dead last month.
There are 4 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
At present, there are still many Chinese in Lhasa and this will become a Chinese territory.
Police said that after the arrest of the suspect, they have found the perpetrator of the burning of the office.
The Deputy Commissioner led the cleanliness drive. Other government officials who attended the cleanliness drive included the SP of SWKD. ADC KL Nongbri and Magistrate M Sangma.
The Madhavpur Mela of Gujarat shares its association with the Mishmi people of Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: During the upcoming session of the Legislative Assembly in the State, the Khasi media from the newspapers, the Electronic media and digital media may use them at their own discretion, even if they have not been authorized or approved by the authority responsible for the Khasi language.
Unfortunately, although this disease has already been declared as a nationwide disease, the problem is that the government has not allocated funds and officers in the districts to appoint There is a shortage of staff to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that the purpose of the rally is to protest against those who committed crimes. At the same time, he said that the party feels that the NCP MLA has done something wrong. Speak in the House that a strong decision should be taken regarding these cases of violence against women.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Superintendent of Police (ZUF) of West Jaintia Hills District today arrested the Chairman of the Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF). of the state of Manipur.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister also distributed awards to the winners of the competitions and those who have been selected for the awards in various categories. what they do.
The purpose of leadership is to provide assistance to all without discrimination but this behavior of these leaders is against the leadership of the people because their behavior affects others.
Complaints can also be submitted online through the MEGPGRAMS website at.
!At this time, I congratulate the Government of India for finally coming forward on its own to address the issue of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam. The implementation of the agreements and commitments as stipulated in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA&AA) dated 17 August
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The NPP candidate Marcuise Marak won by 4920 votes against the independent candidate Sengbath R Marak in the 43rd Williamsnagar Constituency.
Three new cases have been confirmed today, all from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 13,9
He urged all the citizens of the state not to misunderstand the Congress party and be misled anywhere.
It is learned that at that time two militants dressed in military uniform and covered their faces stopped the vehicle but the driver refused and at that time the militants opened fire on them. .
In the past, he had fought hard in collusion with UCIL to mine uranium from West Khasi Hills by providing roads to the people.
In conclusion, Prime Minister Duh said, “The Government together with Sabka Prayas are the cornerstones of the development of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Central Government has directed HLL to set up pharmacies across the country.
India is now a role model, as a country that has harnessed and implemented technological tools for development.
Under the UnnatJyoti scheme, the price of LED bulbs has dropped by about 90% between 2014 and 2019, from T.310 to T.
The NPP also welcomed two Congress leaders from Ri Bhoi, Bah Pyndaplang Wahlang and Bah Alfred Malai in the presence of party leaders at the office of the NPP. At the same time, it was announced that Erwin K Syiem Sutnga will contest from the 17th Shillong North Constituency and Sounder Strong Cajee will contest from the 19th Shillong South Constituency.
At the same time, he asked the Congress spokesperson to name those officers since this government took over and at the same time the previous government should name them until In June 2018, how many IAS officers left the state?
One 7.65 pistol and seven rounds of ammunition were recovered from him.
He said that the government at the time of the transfer of companies has decided to extend the working hours which should not be less than the working hours of the employees and another is to pay the retired employees. which stood at T.840 crore till October 2010.
AUTO RICKSHAW, 3.
It is hoped that these collections of documents and witnesses will be of benefit to the present and future generations.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question raised by Process T Sawkmie in the Zero Hours on the issue of register for foreign workers He said that all those who bring foreign workers have to register with the Labor Department.
Shillong, Nailur 30: A clash between police and suspected militants at Dawa Nengjata near Williamnager this morning lasted for more than 20 minutes. and he fell down dead.
Shillong, March 19: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today decided to nominate Bah Teiborlang Pathaw as the party's candidate for the Mawlai Constituency. This was announced by Bah Emlang Lytan, Working President of the party.
The delay in the payment of monthly government salaries to the people is a violation of human rights.
On receiving the information, the police rushed to the school to conduct a search and during the search, the police found a note taken from the Notice Board. which is inscribed with words of warning.
The three arrested were identified as Rashel Muhammad, Akram Ahamed and Kajal Ahamed from Jaflang village in Shylhet district.
Other demands, they promised, will be considered by the management and negotiations will resume after the election.
They choose different parts of their goal in independence-but their decision and their thinking, their goal is for a free India, for a good India, for part of an equal India that cannot be negotiated.
Furthermore, the police have sent the parents of the members of the party to the police station without any grounds.
At the Counting Hall, only persons holding ID Cards/Car Passes issued by the District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills District, will be allowed to enter.
Answering questions, he said that as an MLA and as a minister, the time is short but there is time for all these things and in the remaining hours he will do his best to accomplish the tasks in collaboration with the chief minister of the state.
He congratulated the Union Minister in charge of DoNER, the Governors and Chief Ministers of all the states in the North East and also the people of the region who took part in the festival.
On the other hand, the JSU sends its greetings and wishes to all the people that through this celebration of Behdeinkhlam we will receive many blessings from the TreKirot Kynrad in the field of health. , work, education and welfare in society as a whole.
On the other hand, the Tibetan community around the world will hold special prayers tomorrow for the souls of those who died in the Chinese government's violence.
On Thursday, Sonali Mishra was welcomed by IG BSF Meghalaya Harbax Singh Dhillon and other senior officers followed by a guard of honor at the Officers' Institute, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo has sent a letter to nine political parties in Meghalaya.
Hospitals have to conduct audits on their electrical carrying capacity, especially when they introduce new medical equipment or conversion of workstations to ICUs.Any deficiencies are fall to be corrected immediately.
Explaining the Cabinet's decision, Prestone Tynsong said that according to the law, the savings should be 12% per month and from this the government does not contribute 8%. Teachers and employees of deficit colleges will contribute 4%. By accepting this decision, the government will have to contribute 40 lakh tyngka per annum.
What does all this have to do with freedom? To Gandhiji, these were the key elements in the goal of independence.
“Besides that our small nation has been attacked in many ways, now it will be attacked in many ways by the Aadhaar Card.
One woman was injured in the hand, others were injured in the leg and body.
This school is only for government and government aided schools.
He said that the union will convene a public meeting of pharmacists in Meghalaya on the first month of November 2021. He said that there are about 300 pharmacists in Meghalaya and 9.4 pharmacists in India. Lakhs of people are in this business.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 20 today, 17 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to
However, in 1997, the Federation of Khasi States under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, met with Shri PB Archarya, Incharge, BJP in Shillong. After the meeting, the BJP leader issued the Policy Statement of the BJP for Meghalaya (1997-98). where it is promised and kept secret.
From the discussion, it was understood that the residents of Mukroh have been harassed from time to time by the people of Assam and this has also caused concern among the people.
All applications should be submitted on or before 15th November 2018 for the year 2018 to the office of DC Supply Shillong for East Khasi Hills District whether urban or rural.
In another incident, on the 27th of this month at about 9.15 pm, unidentified persons detonated a petrol bomb at a ration shop in Lad. Four persons were injured in the incident.
Kmoin Wahlang, who used to compete in long distance events, has been invited to join the Indian team for the 13th Pan Pacific Master Games 2024, to be held in Queensland, Australia in November.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Grace Kharpuri has filed her nomination papers for the Chief Executive Member election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Secretary of the Executive after examining the nomination papers of these two candidates for the CEM election in KHADC, found that both the nomination papers were which bit is not enough.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The former Minister of State for Education, Dipayan Chakraborty, on Tuesday said that the former Minister in charge of Education should have resigned to get a clean investigation into the case. the forgery of examination papers for those who are fighting for teaching jobs.
Many other office bearers and supporters of various political parties will join the NPP in the coming days.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Rural Development, the KSU urged the government to provide a block within the area for the development of the area which is still lagging behind.
He said that the NPP at the National Executive Committee meeting has made it clear that if the BJP introduces the CAB at that time they will separate from the NDA. The NPP has nothing to say about the BJP's election pledge that the NPP is also a member of the NDA. National Vice President Dr DD Lapang said he cannot say anything because that is the responsibility of the BJP, not part of the BJP. Shillong, June 08: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said, “Why did Vincent H Pala and Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang come into conflict over the NPP household affairs? Speaking to reporters at his office today, Prestone said this on the reports that Pala and Bah Himalaya said at a public meeting in Pynursla that it is the UDP which has blocked Prestone from becoming prime minister.
In 2015, he was promoted to District Unit and appointed as Finance Secretary of KSU WKHDU until
The fourth system of justice in the state has been found that the existence of District Council Courts which have jurisdiction only in the areas within the jurisdiction of the Autonomous District Councils i.
The MYPC wants to know what is wrong with going to condole with the family of the deceased, the Prime Minister of India should have been sorry, the Prime Minister Modi should have asked forgiveness to the family of RK Grewal, to the army and to the country as a whole.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. John Lyngdoh, Chief Organizing Secretary of CEC. Prayer was offered by Rev. Clever Tham and speeches by Rev. Francis G. Mawlong and D. Dkhar. , Chairman of the House.
When they reached Umsohlang, they took the ark out of the water.
Father Ambukumar Anthony of St. Joseph Church, Selsella is Mr. Greenwell's friend.
Shillong, March 05: The Dorbar Shnong Lad Rymbai Dongwah East Jaintia Hills District on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. various government positions belonging to this village.
He said that the financial problems of the state are a matter for the Central Government to look into and that there can be more assistance for the economic development of the state.
Speaking to media, the President of the Kur Kharbuki, Bah Diprilang Kharbuki, said that the action of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima is a tyranny because on the 9th of April they submitted a petition. On the 13th of this month, the Syiem handed over the Sanad to Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki to confirm his position as Minister.
At this meeting, Bah Lahkmen said that this has been done by the Central Government without consulting the State Governments. will be sent to the central government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) will not surrender. council house.
On the other hand, the union has accused the road construction department of the state government of not doing anything to improve this road and the government has not taken action because the deterioration of the roads is not only in this area. trading inheritance.
MPCC President DD Lapang and Prestone Tyngsong, who are in Delhi these days for the purpose of nominating tickets from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, have returned and the announcement of the names will be held at on the 12th of this month, Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Chief Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang, who is also a retired IPS Officer, said, “Kong Nongrang is qualified to take over this post, considering her services. which has been found among the names accepted (by the UPSC) and is also intelligent and skilled to serve in the Police Department.
The JAC said that the relocation of the office to Khliehriat shows that there is something behind this action of the government.
Regarding this incident, whether it is a robbery or not, they have to contact the owner of the land who gave them the bill because they have to act according to the law. register of the lawsuit.
It may be recalled that in the past years, in the same area, criminals have thrown stones at police vehicles patrolling in this area.
This happened on Saturday at about 1.30 pm.
The fare within the city from Madanryting to Khyndai Lad has to pay up to 50 tyngka each and this has created problems especially for the day laborers and the low income.
Police are conducting investigation to find out where the money came from and who was involved in the counterfeit money.
Another reason that we need to take into account is the lack of proper formulation of this fertilizer from other living things that can kill diseases from u. bio-pesticides by many farmers in different parts of India.
He said that these robbers had called him from the number 7399997825 and demanded that he should pay T.6 lakh.
A petition was also received from the CCIB and at the same meeting, Bah Sadon Blah, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF). Gandhi MP & President, INC, to take action to fulfill the promises and to examine from the source the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement dated 17, Aug 1948, which is the cause of the violation of Indian Laws and Customs, you are Khasi and Jaintia.
This shows the respect for the dignity of the Dorbar Shnong Myntriang and its residents,” said Bah Channel Lamurong, Vice President of KSU Myntriang Unit.
He reminded that this is no longer the time to talk or do politics but it is the time to help and show mercy while calling for power to the poor and needy.
BASKET CONTAINING FRUITS                             3.
Judah JM Wahlang is also the eldest son of Rev PBM Basaiawmoit who has contested elections to the Lok Sabha in the past. depth.
He thanked the people who have supported the BSF in the past and believes that this will continue in the future.
The driver of the truck, Yomiki Kharshandi, was found alive, while the other three were identified as Kyndaiborlang Kurbah, Banpeitlang Marbaniang, Kseh Mawnai, Banpeitlang Marbaniang. Welbokstar Sohlang of Nongshken Mawdang and Kseh Mawnai were found dead recently.
“Meghalaya has increased its income to Rs 4000 crore in the last three years which is clearly exceeding the target of the 11th Plan,” said MR. On the other hand, he also praised the State Government for its ability to provide its own integrity in the working methods, transparency and the presence of effective management to look after the welfare of the people. be happy.
Shillong, November 23: The 12 hour curfew called by the HNLC today went smoothly without any incident.
Junior Reds captain Alwinson Bareh scored the goal in the first half.
Bakdil has written to a NGO in Spain called Manos Unidas and the organization has donated T.1575000/-. used to buy these tins of household items.
The Secretary of the school is a retired teacher since 2008 and this is a violation of the law.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Under Secretary, Yojana Bhavan, today informed that no one will be allowed to enter the Secretariat or inside the Yojana Bhavan to meet the Ministers on the days of the dorbar. the state legislature.
Shillong, July 30: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute (MATI) Shillong has conducted a two day training on cyclone prevention.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Federation of Khasi States on Thursday attended a meeting organized and conducted by Bah D Marbaniang, Sirdar of Tyrna Sirdarship, to explain the principles of the instruments of the Khasi States. Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA).
WORD is deeply saddened by the behavior of Dr. Marensha Lyngdoh, a doctor who has no concern for the lives of others but for herself.
This has been a heavy burden on the newspapers of the state and it seems that the newspapers published in the cities do not face the same problem.
Shillong, July 28: The office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that there will be no polio vaccination for children under the age of three. year from tomorrow until 1st June throughout the District.
The Environment Cell of the KSU is deeply concerned about the changing environment especially the weather in these days.
Create strict laws to protect us small indigenous people from being oppressed by foreign powers.
If Ma Pala cannot take responsibility for bringing peace only in his own area, what else can you expect from this MP, to advocate, to take responsibility for the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa in Parliament.
He said that there are three Community Colleges in the state and these are in the rural areas. These community colleges will have Arts Stream and Commerce Stream.
When I looked at the trees inside the truck at the place and time they were shot, I saw only small trees, ngan and sning trees that were worthless, not good trees. and they are expensive or not supply trees.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Shillong Lajong Football Club has signed seven foreign players ahead of the start of the 2017-2018 I-League.
Regarding the media, he said that the residents of the area still have to rely on Bangladesh phones. The union urged the government to strengthen the media. news in the area.
The Central Government wants to do this with the aim of increasing the income of the farmers, but the State has made it clear that a central government has to be introduced.
During the inspection, the MLA, who visited the areas where the water pipes are running through the forest, witnessed that the old water pipes which have been installed since 1998 have collapsed. lut, which is no longer possible to pass water through these pipes.
The participants requested the State Planning Board to inform the Government that there is an urgent need to delimit the C&RD Block including Mawshynrut C&RD Block. to improve the Internet due to the demand of MGNREGA to send all musterolls, estimates and others only through the Internet, to allow VECs to build footbridges to On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-. Chairman, Working Group-3, and Chairman, Dorbar Ki Chiefs, said that they will take these suggestions of all the Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Village Employment Council (VEC) and Area. The Employment Council (AEC) has requested them to send any suggestions on how to improve the operation of the C&RD schemes, in writing through their BDOs or directly to the BDO. Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, before the end of February 2014, as part of the assistance to the State Planning Board to prepare a proper report to the Government. Meghalaya has also decided to convene a meeting of Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, VEC and AEC in several Block and Districts of Meghalaya as part of the meeting to meet and listen to them face to face. suggestions and problems they face in relation to State Government and Government of India schemes.
Police alleged that this was the work of the GNLA. The vehicle carrying the three government officials was shot dead and the bullets hit the Bolero. .
Under the PradhanMantriKaushalVikasYojana, a huge amount of work is underway to train the youth according to the needs of the country's industries,” he said. 1.25 crore youth have received training under the Skill India Abhiyan.
In this incident, according to the reports of the people, it is said that after the boat fell into the water, the man carried his son to the surface of the water and after he managed to rescue him. son drowned himself and lost his life.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Television Producers Forum of North East India on Thursday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to inform him about the death of Durim TV producers. The Commissioned Program in 2012 by the Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation of India, broadcast through the Doordarshan Kendra, has been suspended. .
The purpose of this is to advise the Government of Meghalaya on the management of schools and colleges, the rules of procedure, the payment of salaries, the management of schools and responsibility and to advise how to bring about to transform education in the state in line with the National Education Policy 2020 and the State Education Policy and to achieve order.
The fire brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
This is also in line with the revised growth forecast for the fiscal year 2023-24 presented by the RBI (at its November 2023 Monetary Policy Committee meeting) from 6.5% to 7%. came on the back of strong economic growth in Q2 of the 2023-24 financial year.
The driver of the Sumo (ML05-E-8796) from Shillong, Shillong, said that it was his fault while he was trying to drive away. take a pass on a Maruti car parked in front of you.
Before the meeting, the Co-Chairman and Deputy Chairperson, met and talked with the Gram Sevaks, to listen and understand the problems they face in their work.
The union has warned the traders who increase the price of goods while they are happy not to do so if the union finds out it will punish them. of the city of Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of Information and Broadcasting, HM Shangpliang said that the celebration will be opened by the Chief Secretary, WMS Pariat.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) on Tuesday wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, after seeing that the MDA Government intends to convene a one-day Assembly for the ILP and to urge the State Government to take action to introduce not only the resolution of the Assembly on the desire to enact the provisions of the Eastern Bengal Regulation Act
The meeting was conducted by Ernest Mawri in the presence of Chubao State Prabhari and National Vice-President, AL Hek, Member of the National Executive and party office bearers from different districts of the state. know the report.
The landowners who received this order were surprised and this signing was done at Umden, Nongtluh village.
The MP election was held in which the BJP won again with 303 MPs.
I would like to extend my greetings to all the residents and all the brothers and sisters on this Raksha Bandhan.
Many youths of Mawkynrew area including the elders and women of the Prebyterian Church under the jurisdiction of Lum Lyngkien Sohphie District attended the training.
Police have seen that drug traffickers are fighting hard to deceive the youth and this is an attempt to destroy them with these paid drinks. not to allow such payments.
If this is the case, it is clear that the police have not been able to protect the person from his actions.
Bah Vivek Syiem SP City said that this superstition is like a disease, and there is a need to investigate the root cause of this.
Shillong, Lber 11: Answering a question by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM of KHADC, Shillong, Lber 11: U Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that They shall receive their food only for five years from the date of their retirement.
There are 50 cases in the country, 9 cases in hospitals, 5 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills. The death toll from Ri Bhoi District has risen to
In the North East, it will be between 30 and 50 kilometers per hour.
The Seng strongly condemns this action of the Forest Department and said that we want to get a clear answer on this issue.
He said that this issue has been going on for decades but other previous governments have not taken action on this issue which has been pending until now.
On 22nd October 2019, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima informed the KHADC that there is a request for permission for the BSF to purchase land in Ri Bhoi District and the KHADC will not allow the BSF to purchase land in Ri Bhoi District. give permission.
B.Priest.
Referring to the Congress MDCs, he said it is surprising to see that yesterday they sent a letter of support to the KHDA but today they have sent another letter of support to the KHDA. remove support.
The Mawlai MLA said that the main purpose of his visit was to complete the Mawlai Bye-pass, so that the traffic jam will be avoided. Mawlai petrol pump, up and down the Guwahati-Shillong highway.
The Government should have included the Jaintia song but the Government has included the song in English and this has upset the people of Jaintia Hills as a whole.
Two other e-cigarettes produced by Njoy which are menthol are disposable.
Shillong, November 16: The Governor of Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya, Brig.
Dr Mithu said that this is the reason why this herbal medicine is still practiced in the Khasi Hills and he said that the North Eastern Hill University has also conducted a thorough research on the availability of herbal medicine. Meghalaya has already tested 54 species of herbal medicines.
At the same time, he said, “When we love our own nation, we must also love other nations. There will be no nation that can survive alone. live with others".
Heavy rainfall is expected in Sikkim on the 18th & 19th and heavy rainfall between the 20th and 22nd July,
Speaking at the public meeting, he said that it is the duty of everyone to ensure that their culture should be preserved.
In this regard, he asked the Executive Engineering since when he has been in charge of the rti Act passed in Parliament.
Speaking to reporters by telephone, Bah Pasleiñ admitted that although CCTV cameras have been installed inside the Polling Station, the counting of votes has been going smoothly since he arrived at the Polling Station. The Polling Station will open at 9 pm to cast your vote.
The goal of the NLCN is to strengthen its working power more than the illegal HNLC.
The welcome speech was delivered by KM Sangma and the welcome speech by D Syiem.
The BSF troops, on seeing the stranger, searched the area and stopped near Rwamaru Boro. When they arrested and investigated, they found that he was from Assam. you have found these drugs.
“I would like to inform you that the Prime Minister does not have the authority to issue Sanad Rangbah Shnong to anyone, as it is the responsibility of the Hima Mylliem and the KHADC. Thomas Passah's statement.
These days many of the people of this area are talking nonsense and complaining that the existence of these dewbilat factories is only a threat to them and the future generations. The question arises now who is responsible for the smoke that comes out of these dewbilat factories? and who shall deliver us from this evil? Is it the District, the Oil Factory, the MSPCB, the Forest or the Government? for many kinds of diseases have now spread in these places.
At present, the ASHAs receive a salary of 2000 tyngka per month and 66 tyngka per day.
The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Animal Husbandry, Dr Shakil P Ahammed today issued an order ban ban the import of pigs from outside the state until further notice.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of PHE, who is also the MLA of Pynursla, today said that the Pynursla Civil Sub Division will be inaugurated on the 15th of this month by the Chief Minister. state and Dr Mukul Sangma.
This will help the police to understand where such incidents may occur where children may be abused or sold for illegal purposes.
In the case of tea and food shops, they have been directed to set up fewer chairs or benches than usual in order to keep one customer away from another.
Shillong, Nailar 09: U Vincent H Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat on Tuesday said that in the Congress party, anyone who wants to contest elections can apply for tickets and no one can stop him. you who want.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Federation of Khasi State (FKS) under the leadership of Bah John Kharshiing has expressed its regret over the absence of the Hima Dorbar Mylliem for many years.
The Pick-Up number ML08A-2811 collided with the vehicle near Dalu. A Maruti Car without the number plate collided with the vehicle. people in this vehicle with firearms who tried to kidnap them.
After the meeting with the Minister, the Prime Minister also met with the Secretary Sports Department of the Union Government and the Director General Sports Authority of India.
He said the Election Commission of India still has to conduct many public explanations on these machines.
The MPCA reminds that the interim decision issued by the Supreme Court since November, 2013 is still in force and will continue to be reminded from the time it is approved. Please do not be forced and the decision on the Aadhaar issue will be issued in November this year.
Everest in 2013.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that he will speak to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on the reports. Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Rymbui said, “I am sure that the order was not issued by the education department of the government because I don't know. “I don't know, but the order has been issued from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. I will ask for clarification on this. state.
However, we have tried many ways to force the government to repair this road which is the bloodline of the people not only of Jaintia but of Northeast India as a whole but the government has not believed. to our demands.
The Soskular will recognize the courses and training program of the Assam Rifles and will issue certificates to various courses.
Kitbok Kupar G Sohtun as Vice President, Domonic Marboh as General Secretary, Larilang Kharnaior as Secretary and 23 others as elected as President. other office bearers of the organization.
The incidence of rheumatoid arthritis has also decreased compared to previous years.
They have filed a petition to the Supreme Court to abolish the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation, they have opposed the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act and we know that they are the ones who have been fighting from time to time for the demand for ILP. This is the law of the State of Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, told SP News Agency that the annual walk started today and tonight. The march will end at Lyniong and in the morning the march will continue to Mawjynbuin Crematorium.
Reviewing the PWD and C&RD departments, the MSPB members expressed their hope that they have been able to build five village roads through convergence, working between PWD and MGNREGS – C&RD. At the same time, the MSPB has urged the officers to take action to ensure the quality of road construction so that there will be no corrupt work, and so that the people will get to a more comfortable journey.
At the same time, it was said that the prime minister wants to appoint a person who has a close relationship.
" Longti Timung said.
or “The World is One Family” is the theme of the month of November.
The National Turmeric Board will take the lead in turmeric-related activities, promote initiatives, and assist the Spices Board and other Government agencies in the development of turmeric-related activities. .
In his speech, Bah Vincent H Pala MP Shillong, said that this incident has saddened everyone and especially it happened in Ri Nongwei which has caused trouble.
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, DR.BDR Tiwari on Tuesday said that there are 22,17,100 lakh voters in Meghalaya by 2024 to decide their five-year future. candidates from Shillong and Tura in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Speaking to SP News Agency, shopkeepers in the area said that a man had poured water from a tin and after pouring it, he left and immediately the fire broke out. you got.
Shillong, November 21: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem, in reply to a question by Teinwell Dkhar MDC Shella regarding the proposal to relocate the office from Shella, said. The House has decided that the government has proposed land for Mawpdang while they are asking for land in Mawdiangdiang.
Shillong, November 20: The Special Committee of the Women's Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to support the party on the demand for the Inner Line Permit. khasi in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India and to extend the age of appointment.
"“If the State Government continues to listen to this call of the Commission on 7th July, 2023, it will be sad for us all and encourage the Karbi to do whatever they want and kill whoever they want. ," the statement continued.
Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner & Secretary, Soil & Water Conservation Department and others and Registrar of Societies, has been relieved of his post as Registrar of Societies.
The JHADC Boundary Commission (JHADC) has been appointed to resolve the boundary between the Dolloi Elaka in Jaintia Hills District.
The opening of Jan Dhan Accounts has brought many people under the service of banks.
Trucks from Umiam to Shillong will not be allowed to travel during the ban, vehicles coming from West Khasi Hills will be stopped at Mairang, vehicles coming from Mawsynram, Sohra and Pynursla will be stopped at Hynniewmer.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the construction of the medical college will not only produce doctors but will also open the door for the people of the North East to get adequate health care known as “ super specialty treatment" which this area is still lagging behind.
The CoRP also urged to expedite the construction of the Umling-Patharkhmah road which is the budlum of the development of the people of Ri Bhoi West and also to improve the Dwarksuid Bridge as it causes problems to the people. public commuter area.
Speakers at the meeting were Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, father of Judah and other residents who gave speeches on the problems they have faced and seen in the past years under the leadership of Judah. Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Home Affairs and those who expressed the need for change.
It was also directed that the houses and cow sheds should be built in such a way that allows the cows to stand, lie on the ground, spread their sner and turn backwards or forwards according to their preference.
The union at this meeting had the opportunity to discuss and express the issue of the students who will sit for the examination, after talks with the union leaders, the Minister of Education promised He phoned the Senior Director of the National Testing Agency (NTA) to look into the matter and ensure that the students of the state should take immediate action. You can write this examination in your own state.
Opening of the new campus of IIM Shillong at Umsawli.
Meiieid Kmoiñ Wahlang, 76 years old, one of the marathon runners from Shngimawleiñ, South West Khasi Hills District, has passed away. support from the residents of the state before he takes part in the marathon to be held in Australia.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District today seized a Santro number TR-04A-0254 while it was coming from Assam. seized 51 kg from Ganja.
"Expressing the uncertainty of the future of the present generation who want to become school teachers, Babu Ron said, 'Now those who should come to the teaching profession, when they see the security of the jobs don, it does not encourage qualified teachers to enter the teaching profession and those who enter (the teaching profession) are only because they do not get a job.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the government has not done anything since that year until now regarding the recommendation of the Commission. copies of the report of the Commission which is divided into two parts “Volume 1 and Volume II”.
Across the continents, I have heard talk about Gandhiji and he is also remembered as a hero of all nations.
The work has been going smoothly until it reaches in front of the Passport Office but before leaving the road, the work has now stopped again. government offices on this street.
Those who took part in the discussion were Boby Majaw Associate Professor, Sankardev College, Phyrnai Marbaniang, Deputy Director DIPR, MB Tongper EAC Nongstoin and Father Alphonse Wahlang Vice President NSSS. The opening speech was delivered by PD Sangma ADC of Nongstoin. The meeting was conducted by Bah Kum B Ranee, EAC Nongstoin. I have three schools and colleges.
At the same time, the university has announced that the examinations under the auspices of NEHU will start in October.
Amiston T Sangma was carrying the two men from Gumaghat to Rongdu on a bike (ML-06-4839 Bajaj Discovery).
These food items were donated by Dr.P.Kharnarry, District Medical and Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District. The meeting was conducted by Dr. K Lyngdoh, Head of CHC Patharkhmah.
On the other hand, Samla Pulljohn Wanniang said, “The people should give their full support and cooperate to ensure that the Jaitbynriew can stand firm in such times of trial.
Those who came forward to donate blood were distributed syrnot by the Central Government Health Centre.
The first meeting of the Forum was held on 10th June, 2019 in Agartala where various issues were discussed.
Through this Mission Football, the Government will explore ways and means to build sports grounds in the villages from Block, District and State level.
Finally, he urged the people of Sohiong area to join hands in the fight against the CAA and to demand ILP. Now is the time to get this Act because the party sees that if there is no problem to grant ILP to Manipur why should it be granted to Meghalaya.
After the speech of Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, Kong EL Warjri, BDO Mawsynram, gave a detailed explanation regarding many different types of schemes. the Central Government and others.
However, since joining All India Radio, my skills have improved and my singing and playing skills have improved. Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Hedrian Lyngdoh EM, MP Vincent H Pala today met with Conra K Sangma. Chairman of the National Highway Infrastructure Corporation (NHIDC) Limited to discuss the roads in Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 02: The Superintendent of Police (HNLC) in Kolkata has been identified as Phyrnailang Swer.
Dr Mukul said that one of the former party leaders, an MDC of KHADC, has left the party. He did not think that this would happen but there is a reason for this. The responsibility for strengthening the party should not happen like this and in 2018 how many people have left the party.
This was done in consultation and cooperation with the village leaders.
Therefore, the Seng cannot accept such textbooks which are intended to mislead and mislead the students.
The meeting was organized by the Meghalaya Diabetes Association in collaboration with the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), New Delhi.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, L Marbaniang and S Thabah, speaking on behalf of the land dealers, said that during the meeting, the Minister said that they shall see, when that seeing shall come to pass, while their hunger shall be full.
Banna Gupta (Jharkhand), Dr Mani Kumar Sharma (Sikkim), Thiru Ma Subramanian (Tamil Nadu), T Harish Rao (Telangana), T.S.Singh Deo (Chhattisgarh), Thir N Rangasamy (Puducherry), L Jayantakumar Singh (Manipur), James K Sangma (Meghalaya), ParsadiLalMeena (Rajasthan), BrijeshPathak (Uttar Pradesh), DrPrabhuramChoudhary (Madhya Pradesh), Rushikesh Patel (Gujarat) and NimishaSuthar, MoS, Health (Gujarat) .
MLAs from the Congress party will also be present at the inspection at 11.00 pm, the letter said.
On the other hand, as an organization that has seen the problems faced by many people since the beginning of the lockdown due to COVID 19, how the people have joined hands with the government authorities to prevent Many people have lost their livelihood, peace and health but have not worked with the government authorities on this COVID-19 pandemic.
So far, 2500 applications have been received in the block.
Speaking at the meeting, Rev SR Dkhar said that Dr HG Robert Hospital is one of the oldest hospitals in the state. It is also in the midst of expanding its services to the people and all this is through the blessings of God which has made this hospital as it is today.
At this meeting, the Minister of State, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the government has a plan to bring about development in all the districts. together for the development of the state.
The Prime Minister announced that female officers of the Short Service Commission in the Indian Army can now get confirmed posts through a fair and transparent selection process.
Purno was unable to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Modi as Prime Minister of the country today due to a leg injury.
The KSU expresses its surprise that even after 4 years the department has not been able to open and appoint staff in this Sub Center for the benefit of the people of the area.
It is said that welfare and concerns affect all people equally, and we must work together to improve the quality of life of every person in this world.
After all the discussions in the House, the Speaker, Bah Pyniaid Syiem, asked the CEM whether the EC has anything to inform the House.
It will be difficult for Meghalaya to talk to Parliament if it is necessary not to implement certain laws within the District Council areas. It is easier to talk about this on the basis that the party demands that the government should not take a decision in the House.
The Chief Minister's Secretary has lodged a complaint with the state police regarding the incident and the police have registered the complaint and will investigate to track down the perpetrators.
All these Acts require the Rangbah Shnongs to bring before the public so that they know and understand the Acts passed since 1973 by the Meghalaya Assembly.
In his speech, the Governor mentioned many issues related to education, sports and many others.
As the Minister in charge of Electricity James K Sangma and the CMD have worked hard to reconcile with NEEPCO, to accuse the government of not doing anything in this regard. This is unacceptable because this problem of MeECL is not current.
Arju Dkhar said that from June 2010 to October 2019, MeECL has paid T.570 crore from its own budget due to lack of financial support from the state government. He said that in his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will consider and hold a meeting to discuss with the Finance Department in this regard. .
The Film Screening Committee for East Khasi Hills has been appointed by the Government with the Deputy Commissioner as Chairman and the Member Secretary of the Committee.
According to a statement issued by the Home (Political) Department of the State Government, the committee will be headed by the Minister of State Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson and 11 members including U.S. Zenith M. Sangma of the All India Congress Committee (AITC), Himalaya M. Shangpliang of the BJP, Augustine Marak of the Garo National Council (GNC), Methodius Dkhar of the HSPDP, Ronnie V. Lyngdoh of the BJP. of Congress, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon of KHNAM, Dr. WR Kharlukhi of NPP, Renikton Tongkhar of UDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit of VPP, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and Commissioner & Secretary/Secretary of Personnel & AR (B).
It is estimated that 8,73,220 lakh people have been vaccinated against both the vaccinations, including those aged 45 years and above as well as those aged 18 years and above in the state.
In the complaint, the mother alleged that after giving her daughter alcohol, the policeman raped her at his residence in Dimapara on the 21st of this month. The policeman dropped off the child at 4.30 pm at her residence.
It is to be recalled that Thyme Village of Mukhap Village, last month, has faced a serious problem especially to the school children who are studying due to the loss of transformer and have been in darkness for many days. .
Perhaps this program will be the first time to announce this type of treatment in the entire North East.
Shillong, March 03: The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) East Khasi Hills District has informed that commercial taxi owners can collect stickers on their vehicles until the 15th of this month.
Shillong, July 28: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngian Syiem, on Tuesday said that the High Court of Meghalaya has appointed the CEM of KHADC. The Executive Member said that all the blame goes to the state government for the delay in the work within the KHADC in the last two months.
Police have been following the movement of this man for some time now and on receiving more detailed information today they have raided Garolane and in this raid they have found to arrest the drug dealer from the scene.
In the incident, the husband of Iardahun, Bah Lastonewell Kharkongor, who was present at the time, went to help her but he too fell into the pond. except for this tragic incident.
The race was flagged off by the Assistant Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Paia B.War Nongbri, in the presence of the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Finely L Pariat and others. .
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh after the Cabinet meeting.
Jowai, Naitung 25: Due to the rapid spread of COVID-19, KSU Nangbah has met with the District Health and Medical Officer of West Jaintia Hills District and requested for Thermal Scanners for the purpose of COVID-19 Volunteers in Nangbah Village.
Nongpoh, June 17: Pine Brook School, Sumer Umbang, Ri-Bhoi district, on Friday concluded its sports competition.
The collapse of the bridge at Duwar Ksuid in Shillong by-pass is very surprising.
The Central Government has also installed floodlighting on the borders of West Bengal, Meghalaya, Assam, Mizoram and Tripura at a cost of T.1,327 crore. The lights have been constructed by CPWD, EPIL and NPCC. The area covered by the construction of these lights is 1,058 kms in West Bengal - 435.50 kms, Mizoram - 04 kms, Meghalaya - 17.50 kms and Tripura - 601 kms). The distance between the two roads is 588.20 kms.
It has a share of 32% in the total global silk production.
The department has set up a transmission electron microscopy facility to further support the diagnosis of diseases in the brain.
While the FCI is importing sugar into the state, the people complain from time to time that the sugar is bad and not suitable for drinking.
He said that the people know that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills is located near Musiang Market, Jowai which is crowded and the government wants to clean up the city of Jowai by removing it. office to the new location.
On the other hand, the union has been saying from time to time that the work under their supervision is not adequate but no one has listened.
about the income of the day laborers through various schemes such as Scholarship for students as well as Pension for the disabled.
The HYC, once again, says that it is with the villages, Raids and Himas on this issue and we demand that the Meghalaya government should now take responsibility and look into it and resolve it once and for all. This MoU and the Settled Agreement.
NK Mao said that NEePCO is conducting a survey of 110 hectares of land to be acquired for the implementation of the power plant at Mawphu in East Khasi Hills. Hills District.
At that time, I couldn't speak because I didn't have the power to speak. That's why I had to leave the party congress. When he said that there is no ILP, it was at that time that the protest started by the civil society and the same person said that there is no ILP. India to Shillong on the 18th of this month as the MDA government wants to meet him to remind him on two issues.
This ceremony was also held in other parishes.
However, Tapon Kalita, the contractor of these two roads, has acted by force and without complying with the order of the DC of Ri Bhoi issued on 19/0 3/2018 which ordered to stop the work.
“The party leaders have taken action and at the same time we condemn the actions of the police against the teachers,” said Titoss.
Leaders of the two prominent religions in Meghalaya, the Catholic Church and the Presbyterian Church, met with the Prime Minister of India at Upper Shillong. Alphonse, a child of the Ministry of Tourism, was also present.
He wrote that Garo Hill has been removed from the Repeal Act
The society was set up by the state government on the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
He said the government is fighting as hard as it can to achieve the aspirations of the people and one of those aspirations is to have its own Engineering College.
This incident has caused the students to lose their peace inside the school.
Police suspect that these two men helped the HNLC member to escape from the hospital.
It’s not just a way of streamlining the way we take care of our bodies.
The party will continue to look for ways and means to support them and also to ensure that they do not lose their rights from the government, according to a statement sent by Eric A.Nongkynrih. not in charge of sports.
Together with the MeECL employees, the residents also gave their right hand to help transport the transformers to the villages as many of the places have to be walked.
In order to smoothly manage the activities to curb the spread of COVID-19 and improve the use of funds, the States and UTs have a major role to play.
Balsan was arrested on the complaint of one of the family members of the 13 persons who were allegedly tortured by a party led by Jaynie Ningring Sangma. and two others.
Fire trucks also came after receiving a tip and were able to extinguish the tree.
Shillong, July 02: Many of the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will contest the 2023 MLA elections.
The road is from Thranghok Ryngad Road to Laban Bus Stand to St. John's, Lower Lumparing and Madan and Riat Laban.
The names of the villages under this Civil Sub Division are: Umsohparew, Sohkunjira, Center village and Rani (non existing).
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has warned the ABVP, the Students' Wing of the BJP and the World Organization of Students and Youth (WOSY) not to hold the construction of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). as a political platform and to create racial discrimination within the university.
Others who attended the function were Bah RV Lyngdoh MLA of Mylliem, Director of Information and Broadcasting HM Shangpliang and other dignitaries.
“This process will take about two months to complete all the necessary work to find an older person to replace us to serve our organization and our people for many years.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, before the expiry of the term of the HYC, directed the SP of East Khasi Hills, the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board and the Secretary of MUDA. , the CEO of the Shillong Cantonment Board to conduct an inspection of the site.
Their resignation from the post of MLA today has allowed them to join any party they want to contest the MLA elections in June. Of the three MLAs, Hamletson said that the PDF minister for the past three years, Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP party has been the minister. Shillong, July 05: The President of the MTC, Bah Charles Pyngrope, today welcomed the President of the PDF party. SG Esmatur Mominin MLA of Phulbari and Robinus Syngkong MDC of JHADC have joined the party.
He also lit a candle and laid flowers on the Sengol.
Talks with the government are ongoing because to have this shooting training center is very expensive and requires a land area of ​​up to 25 acres. route to access the gun range.
We have already understood the fact that political parties generally release their documents before announcing the election date.
The UAE is celebrating its 50th National Day, and is preparing for economic development over the next 50 years.
The Seng wishes this Heprit all the best in his career and also wishes him a happy birthday to SAI, Shillong.
He also stressed that the previous situation where being sent to training centers was what felt like punishment was changing.
The closure of the roads is not only on Camel Back Road but also on the road leading to Keating Road as many people have tested positive for COVID-1 The road is blocked with siej to block the road.
Regarding the death of pigs in these two states, the Meghalaya government today decided to ban the purchase of pigs from abroad and also banned the trade of pigs. from one District to another within the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Director of Khadi Village Industries Commission (KVIC) VS Bagul on Tuesday said that the reason for the delay in the implementation of the PMEGP scheme in Meghalaya is due to the lack of internet.
“As writers, we have not given enough space to the letters 'ï' and 'ng' and this will confuse future generations,” he said.
On the occasion of the upcoming Yoga Day, Modi shared videos on Asanas and their benefits.
“Papon is very popular with the youth of India and Guwahati will hear him live.
“More importantly, we need to express with all our might in Parliament the problems faced by the people of Meghalaya and the aspirations that the people of Meghalaya want to achieve so that we can start a new beginning. on issues related to economic development.
Recently, the PAB of MHRD has announced to increase the salary of SSA teachers for UPla. In a meeting with us in July this year, she said that everything has been done and the rest is in the hands of the Prime Minister.
DBT-IBSDs in different parts of the North East of India have taken part in their respective areas to provide services to the people in this struggle. The research center will continue to provide this assistance to the public.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Dr RC Laloo, in reply to a question by HSPDP MLA Phlastingwell Pangniang on the map of Meghalaya, said: On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has appealed against the Map of Meghalaya issued in 2009 by the Survey Department of India.
In 2013, it was through the hard work of the AJYWO that the Nepali village of Umthea in East Jaintia Hills was destroyed.
Speaking at the public meeting to lay the foundation stone, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, expressed his satisfaction to see that the foundation stone of the medical college has been laid. Tura Medical College has been implemented in collaboration with the private sector and this is very difficult as this is the first time that the government has taken this path.
These foreigners are on the side of the road despite the fact that the market authorities and the JHADC have imposed strict rules even on the indigenous people but these foreigners are still on the roadside. to open a shop in this market.
If the government appoints young nurses who have graduated as nurses, it will increase the burden of those nurses who are on duty in hospitals at this time of intense fight against Covid-1 The districts and the state have witnessed the spread of the disease every day whether in the city or even in the rural areas.
If this is the case, it is better for the government to lift the lockdown in the state, it is useless for the residents to sit idle while the government sends trucks from Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) leader in the KHADC, Bah Titosstrwell Chyne, who is also the CEM, has convened a meeting of the party this morning to discuss the work of the ruling party. , informed the King.
He said that the government has taken this decision to improve the work of the employees who are at the entry and exit points and at this time they have to go to take part in the training and that they shall sit down.
The opening ceremony, which will be held at the Indira Gandhi Stadium on 10th July, will be attended by the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal and the Union Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports Kiren. Rijiju, along with many sports stars, among them is Assam's famous sportswoman Hima Das.
The working president of the HNYM central body, said that after finding out that the health center is not working, the HNYM has decided to meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. During the meeting, the union also demanded that the health center should have all the necessary facilities. doctors, nurses, medicines, X-ray machine, MRI scanning machine and other necessities related to the treatment of patients.
The Election Department has prepared well and deployed police to ensure the smooth running of the election, especially in Rajabala after a clash between NPP and Congress supporters.
It is a bad education because you pay and spend on something you cannot use later.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Bah Bajop Pyngrope MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency on Tuesday said that the resignation of the party leaders from the Congress party is due to the fact that they don't respect the party leaders who have been in the party. For many years, if you don't respect me, you won't be able to join the party.
Duia said that they had applied for the post of River Rafting Quide Cum Life Guard Level Four, but they did not go to accept the post because it was on the salary, they offered him T.30,000/- per month. Ialamphrang Lyngdoh was offered T.25,000/- for the same job.
At this time, he resigned as a member and was appointed Vice President of the HNYF Central Body, Shillong.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing, Shillong City has organized a football tournament to promote the use of drugs. The 1st Knockout Football Tournament 2023, which will also have the theme, “United Against Drugs, Deny Drugs Embrace Life”.
Heavy Jones Kurkalang, 25, on the night of 21/9/2021 at Pomlakrai, Mawtharia, police have raided the house of Heavy Jones Kurkalang, Mawtharia. Police have arrested Heavy Jones Kurkalang and taken him to the house of Shiningstar Wahlang, 23 years old. DVR and CCTV cameras were seized from the pond in Wahkdait, Madanrting Block-G.
The deceased were identified as Gordon Rymmai, 23, of Jaiaw and Heavenly Shangpliang, 22, of Laban.
TURA, Nailar 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the District Session Judge's Office in Tura. on the same day the foundation stone of the court was laid.
On the other hand, Cornad urged the people to support the NPP candidate Benedict and under his leadership he will work for the people of Raksomgre.
It may be recalled that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew came to surrender before the government in
The distribution of food items to those suffering from TB is part of the Central Government's scheme in which the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has called for the eradication of the disease from the country. year 2025.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The father of the NPP candidate was injured in a shooting incident in Andro Constituency on Thursday night. This is not the first time that criminals have shot at the house of the candidate.
Shillong, July 21: Police and BSF troops from 193 Battalion today conducted a raid on the Lakma Nalla River which flows into Bangladesh. recovered bullets hidden in the ground.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club after meeting with the Chief Secretary, he said that although they have not fulfilled the promise of the government, they have not fulfilled the promise of the government. The government has accepted some of their demands.
Answering a question regarding the turnover of the Executive Members which has led to the failure of his EC, Teinwell said that nothing can be said about it. On the other hand, Bah Teinwell said that the reason for the delay is because there is no law to ban the formation of parties, especially in the EC synrop, there is only one party. the party will be different.
The total number of voters is 2217100, male 1094947, female 1122150. The increase in the number of voters from the MLA election in 2023 to the 2024 MP election is 55791 voters.
The CMJ Foundation has filed a petition against the Meghalaya government to question the order written by the Principal Secretary of the Governor.
The distribution of this grant is based on the formula 50% of the population according to the 2011 census, 40% of the number of COVID-19 cases and 10% for equal distribution between all States and UT.This financial assistance will be used for the provision of accommodation, food, medical treatment and travel for these foreign workers.
Two AK 56 rifles, one 9 MM pistol and 150 unused rounds of ammunition and explosives were recovered from the vehicle.
What the Congress has done is that it has implemented only the policies issued by the Central Government.
The Minister congratulated the 35 members who won the victory in Operation Vijay and also the Director General, NDRF for this victory for the entire team.
Members of the KSU through a tip from some residents of Jaintia Hills have seized a truck number RJ 07 GB in Thadlaskeiñ village. 2246.
The Seng also appeals to the athletes of the Jaitbynriew from the District especially to set goals in front of you so that you can succeed in life and as young athletes you should avoid the bad habits of This will destroy not only your sports life but your family and society as a whole.
At the time of writing of this news, no casualties have been reported. The police station in East Jaintia Hills near Lumshnong has been damaged by the storm. There are also others who have been affected by this storm.
Tomorrow morning it will be only for the elected leaders and on the next day it will be for the party leaders from the MPCC and DCC leaders. Mukul Sangma today visited the state on the orders of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) after a dispute within the party in which some MLAs wanted to resign. Dr Mukul Sangma has been appointed as the leader of the CLP.
This step not only reflects the Ministry's commitment to promote research and innovation but also its recognition of the importance of logistics in its economic development. northeastern region and bringing strong support.
All government offices, courts and schools will be closed on this day for the annual “Shad Suk Mynsiem” of the Khasi Seng at Madan Weiking.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The East Garo Hills District today requested the authorities to release an LP School teacher from Nengsang A. Gure.
Arun Goel has been involved in the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections and has visited many states in the country to prepare for the elections.
Speaking to reporters, Anthony Kharbuli, Advisor of the HYC, said that in 1989, during the tenure of Prime Minister, Pruno Sangma had planned to build a railway line. injuries and deaths to such an extent that the government had to suspend the railway altogether.
Vehicles attending the ceremony were ordered to carry flags on their vehicles for identification.
I have clarified that the High Court has not condemned or condemned anyone, either the KHADC for claiming that the Building Bye Laws of MUDA do not apply in the Autonomous Districts or the claim of MUDA that the Building Bye Laws do not apply in the Autonomous Districts. The High Court has said that the door is open to all to resolve this issue in a proper manner, which means that the KHADC and the Shillong Master Plan Areas. The State Government will meet to resolve this issue.
Shillong, March 01: The nomination papers of all seven candidates for the mid-term MLA elections from the 26-Shella (ST) Assembly Constituency have been scrutinized today. who are enough.
Decrease in revenue from Rs 135 crore to Rs 125 crore.
“We too will set an example to other states like Mizoram and Manipur that we should not delay so that the aspirations of the people will be met,” he said.
The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Thursday discussed the Reservation Policy and Roster System before submitting its recommendations to the Expert Committee appointed by the United Democratic Party (UDP). State Government.
At this meeting, the Committee also discussed the release of four children from Rimpu Bagan, three of whom are between the ages of 17 and 16 years and one is a child aged 15 years. one 13 years old and one 3 years old.
This bill will free the farmers from the squeeze and open up the market for their produce so that they can get a better price by which they can sell to higher markets and this will help to increase the income of the farmers.
Shillong, July 17: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima tomorrow morning will reopen the Iewduh after being closed for more than a month due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The party cannot help but express its gratitude for his commitment to help and develop the farmers.
At the same time, he said that if it is built in this way, it may endanger the people who walk and stand on the bridge, because there is flooding during the rivers.
The Civil Sub Division has been upgraded from an Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub Division which the residents of the area have been demanding from time to time in the past years and now the demand of the residents has come true.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Rilang Lyngdoh, PWD Engineer, Bah Y. Lytan, SDO, Bah Anthony Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Umjapung, Village Leaders from Nongneng A, B and C, including Tariang A and B and Rumnong.
Last year, the Customs Preventive Department seized 68.87 kilos of Kerbei and 11.536 kilos of Ambergris Whale vomit. The flame bird, the offspring of the orangutan, is also protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, which is in force in Meghalaya, Mizoram and Assam.
The union is surprised that the government has summoned the suspects through the police department to accuse them of being the perpetrators of the incidents that have happened in the past few months.
In connection with the burning of the government office, police have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the burning of the government office.
Shillong, November 21: U Bah SD Khongwir, founder of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has refused to support the party's candidate from Mawlai Constituency whom he won 25 years ago as the candidate of the HSPDP. According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, Bah Khongwir will not support the UDP candidate from this constituency and in the last election. he did the same.
The contribution of this Rangbah to the Jaidbynriew through the development of the media, is a treasure that will be remembered forever.
In his speech, the Minister said that this LDC is the first in the state and will soon be opened in other parts of the state.
Regarding the expenses and losses caused by the protest, the government has filed a complaint in the High Court on the 15th of this month where the civil society has to pay the expenses.
The speakers at this public meeting shall not speak anything which may cause intimidation to the public which may be like incitement or incitement to them which may cause disturbance in the peace and order.
Shah appealed to the people to take an oath to strengthen PACS and take it forward by accepting the mantra of 'The prosperity of the village through the strengthening of PACS'
The winners of this tournament will be selected to compete at the World Level to be held in Maldova in July
At first glance, it is as if the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing.
At the same time, he urged the residents to work together in any area to improve the society in the village.
Other villages affected by the floods have been directed to set up committees to distribute food and drink to the people. This is what they do every time during the floods.
To commemorate this day, the entire District will celebrate this Foundation Day on this day.
This is only to impress the public.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem MDC on Tuesday congratulated all the MDCs of the KHADC for electing him as the Lamphrang of the House without any objection.
" He added that this gun was also licensed.
In the past few months, last year, a similar incident has happened in Sohkymphor, East Jaintia Hills. school, Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor.
The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country has risen to
SBI has also set up an ATM at this place and this is the first ATM in the area.
Therefore, the party invites and welcomes all writers, teachers, various organizations including religious organizations or NGOs and the public to join hands to achieve this demand.
At the same time, we request the Dorbar Shnongs across the Bri u Hynniewtrep to demand from time to time that the Dorbar Shnongs should be recognized and empowered as a strong weapon in the fight against corruption. What we want to say to the Dorbar Shnongs is that they should not just ignore what the government proposes because they should understand clearly that This Bill which the Government is proposing is part of the efforts to strengthen and undermine the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs which have been in existence for a long time and we urge the Dorbar Shnongs to think carefully before they pass. Because perhaps this proposal of the Government with this Bill is part of the removal of the weapons which the Dorbar Shnongs have empowered the people and which all the Dorbar Shnongs throughout the land of Hynniewtrep respect.
Mitchel Wankhar admitted that the sudden ban on importing foreign fish into the state has happened once in 2018 before the elections.
On the other hand, Samla Banshai Marbaniang together with the HYC Mawsynram Circle urged the MePDCL department to bring light as soon as possible without stinging or discriminating against the light users in the division. shall not cause any disturbance or even become a major cause for the stingy counting of MePDCL in relation to the unfair treatment of light consumers in the area.
The party has received a government resolution but not the government to bring a solution.
Shillong, January 29 : The 8th International Conference of World Elders, hosted by International Center for Cultural Studies (ICCS) in Dibrugarh, Assam from January 28th to February 1st, 2024 promotes cross-cultural collaboration among spiritual leaders and elders to explore “Shared Sustainable Prosperity.
N Shadap and Mr. Paila Short.
The bus stand which is currently under construction at Mawiong can accommodate more than 150 buses and the purpose is that all buses going from one state to another will park at this stand. to relieve traffic jam in Shillong.
Out of the 206 sports in the Olympics, the youth of the state have won 67 sports in
The residents from Umden to Marmain to Nongpoh have been in trouble as small vehicles can no longer pass due to the overcrowding and when the vehicles pass by the road has turned into manure.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
These products are essential for new electronics, the transition to clean energy (solar, wind, electric vehicles) and other activities such as resource security and national security. in together other other.
In a letter sent to the Union Finance Minister, Conard said that there are groups of plastic manufacturers who have asked the government to introduce a synsar in the GST to collect the GST. high treasure.
The President of the KSU, who has been waiting for many years for the government to implement the MRSSA, said that this is only the beginning of what the KSU is doing today. The authorities said that the authorities will tell everyone in the villages because we can no longer listen, the government authorities will tell them not to take the law into their own hands.
Shillong, July 24: BSF troops at Borsora in South West Khasi Hills District have seized drugs from a bike in Borsora, South West Khasi Hills District. Their bodies and the name of the drug is known as R-7 Yaba.
Latest reports close to the NPP said that Conrad K Sangma will return from Delhi on Friday.
The Dorbar said that they have sent a letter of invitation to Hon'ble Shri Pranab Mukerjee, President of India, Shri VK Chandra Deo, Minister of Tribal Affairs, and others to attend the meeting. The House of Ri.
Since he assumed office as the Minister of Sports, I have been able to travel around the state and talk to the youth and athletes.
He said that the law exists and they will take action according to the rules laid down by the Election Commission of India. after that they shall do according to the rules.
Because of this work and transportation of Mawshun has been the Budlum of these people since ancient times and especially the cultivation of soh and pai has been affected by this disease.
“The meeting held on the 23rd of this month could not take a decision as the villages of Khanduli are still waiting for a letter from the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to remove the kharong gate. The entry tax gate is located at Khanduli,” said Bah Sungoh.
The Prime Minister gave examples of various companies looking to India for manufacturing and increasing the country's foreign exchange reserve.
5G has opened up new opportunities in these fields for startups.
In his speech, he also expressed his appreciation to the school principals; Although it is only a night school, it has been a blessing to the students who are in difficulty to continue their studies in day schools due to poverty.
In India, from the first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1947 to the 18th Lok Sabha in 2024, there have been 15 Prime Ministers.
The Government has set a target to reach the 40th position in terms of economic growth. The distribution of these electric vehicles will be part of the collaboration with various groups for the purpose of promoting economic development. It was also announced that the cleanliness of the villages and townships will be conducted every three months and will start from this fiscal year to keep the villages clean.
The purpose of this meeting is to bring closer the people from one country to another and to bring unity in the country and to promote a culture without that religious feeling, but to increase in many ways.
Many Congress leaders said that the contest is fierce and they cannot say whether the party candidate will win or not, while the NPP is not willing to win. for the struggle is hard to understand.
He said that from this year until the 7th of this month, the office has been working in this area and house to provide services to the people of the block.
The union urges the government to bring Ambulances into the District , we feel it is necessary to provide an Ambulance 108 inside the PHC as it will be difficult to transport public vehicles especially when this is the time of Khlam.
“The Mission is not only to explore for mineral resources but also to promote ocean sciences and the exploration of life and plants and also to preserve the diversity of marine life and other things.
It was on this day in 1948 that the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Declaration of Human Rights).
The demand of the union is that the government should ban foreign tourist vehicles as it is the right and duty of foreign vehicles to take them to various tourist spots in the state. State.
He said that by organizing this exhibition of our own culture, it will help the future generations to know what the jaidbynriew has and he hoped that this will increase in the preservation of our own culture. culture.
He also stressed the importance of ensuring that more people download the Aarogya Setu app to strengthen the country's efforts in the fight against COVID-1
Further, in order to open up educational opportunities for the children of serving and retired army personnel, the Government has made reservations in MBBS / BDS courses in some institutions and the families of the armed forces get benefit well from this.
George A Momin has been in the police department for 26 years and Klein for 19 years.
Shillong, July 24: Michael T Sangma Independent today resigned as MLA of Trikrikilla, Member of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya by handing over his resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Andrew Simon.
The Government will provide financial assistance to students who are enrolled in higher grades up to T.5000/-, and who are eligible for this assistance their class attendance should not be less than 80%. The Government has taken this decision to fight against the part-time dropout of children.
The Cabinet meeting also discussed the issue of GST, which the government will take up in the House starting on the 9th of this month.
Shillong, November 01: There are 30 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, of which 26 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from East Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Garo Hills. Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, 298 cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, June 01: Nine members of the Shillong Markaz who attended the Tablighi Jammat Meet at Nizamuddin in Delhi have been arrested. are in Quarantine Center in Delhi and Lucknow.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: In his speech, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there are shortcomings here and there but the government is struggling to improve in the shortcomings. The government has worked hard without sleeping.
According to the officers, it is understood that the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs of the Department will consider and may come to Shillong, Meghalaya to get clarification on the Instrument of Accession and the Sixth Schedule.
The Information, Education and Communication (IEC) vans were launched by the Digital India Corporation under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Union Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal said the meeting was held to review the schemes that have been implemented and others that need to be implemented. He directed the NEC to look into three areas, tourism, road construction and power generation.
Of these 377, 82 are Dy.SPs and 295 are SIs, 331 from Assam, 9 from Arunachal Pradesh, 8 from Mizoram, 21 from Tripura and 8 from Nagaland. .
KHADC officials had to leave and those shops which they had already inspected for those without trading license were closed down.
There are cases when the Traffic Police can stop a truck, but they should not stop it completely.
He said that out of these, 7,000 youths from Assam have left the rebellion and have decided to work together for the development of the country.
To dispose of unusable building materials in accordance with the Construction and Demolition Waste Management Rules, 2016; Garbage shall not be thrown outside the streets, in public places or outside the yard or shall be dumped into streams and rivers.
After losing in the quarterfinals, Shillong Lajong Academy had to play only to qualify for the BRICS position. -Energia Vladivostok FC of Russia, in this match against Russia.
I am proud that we have been able to hold this Games in a manner that is in line with other states in the country.
Khyrim State, Mylliem State, Nongkhlaw State, Cherra State, Nongstoin State, Maharam State, Nongspung State, Langrin State, Mawsynram State, Myriaw State, Rambrai State, Mawiang State, Bhowal State, Malaisohmat State, Nobosohphoh State and Jirang State.
The Behdeinkhlam festival in Shillong is in preparation for the big festival in Jowai District which will end on the 3rd of this month by offering the Rot at Aitnar. .
The MTDC should appoint personnel to ensure that visitors to the area should not carry bottles of kyiad, should not throw plastic bags of their choice, should provide garbage dumps to bring garbage. the cleanliness of that place.
The increase in electricity bill is too high for MEeCL and the people can no longer afford it especially the lack of electricity supply.
The purpose of this program is to curb drug related activities so that the youth of War Jaintia area can be free from drug abuse.
Shillong, July 12: The General Executive Committee (GEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will be held tomorrow, July 13, 2017 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar at 11 am.
“Young entrepreneurs are the ones who bring many benefits to the market.
The BSF has also prepared a BSF brass band for the event.
According to the ejahar lodged by these two policemen, on 19.01.2018 at 8.30 pm while they were on duty to accompany the Minister of Home Affairs at Weilyngkut village border with The vehicle was driving very fast and caused a speeding accident.
This also means standing up for the weak and minorities and creating laws or policies that will improve not only one's own nation, but for the benefit of all.
These channels have also been directed to check all these when broadcasting such reality shows or programmes.
After weighing, the drug weighed 34.44 grams.
Shillong, July 10 : ERA Business School (EBS), one of the leading ISO 9001 2008 certified B-Schools in Dekhi, will hold a GD. / PI session at Hotel Center Point, Shillong on the 18th of this month and the purpose of this session is to encourage especially the students who want to study the line MBA which is at the highest level in the world. you beh now that por.
He called for increased testing along with mass testing.
According to the estimates, it is 14% and Dr Mukul hopes that Meghalaya will exceed this target.
These groups of former MDCs include Handle Mukhim of Sohryngkham, Sounderstrong Cajee of Mylliem, HF Marngar of Parïong, HN Diengngan of Nongstoin; Phrang S Warjri MDC from Nongthymmai, JG Rynniaw MDC from Mawshyrut and Edar Nongbri MDC from Nongkrem.
As the Deputy Speaker was not in Shillong today, the letter was handed over to the Joint Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly at the Deputy Speaker's office.
Dr Ampareen said that these 200 people have not registered themselves and it is not known how many more because there are girls who do not want to undergo the tests.
The Minister said that once the office is completed, there will be a better working environment in which the officers and employees will be more motivated to work.
In the letter, the shopkeepers were urged to come forward to get the Tika as part of the prevention of COVID-19 as all the shopkeepers have a great role to play in protecting themselves, their children. buyers and sellers and the general public from this disease.
Regarding the education of their children, the government should allocate 5% for the children of these people in all schools whether government or private.
They said that the purpose of these explosives was to make IED bombs for the purpose of detonating bombs in Garo Hills. The seizure of these explosives was made today by the West Garo Hills Police and Police of Bhoi District.
Speaking to media here today, Sitharaman said, “Today's steps are to reach out to the poorest of the poor, by providing food items and money in hand, so that they will not find it difficult to buy the necessary goods and fulfill their needs.
Speaking to SP News Agency , Bah Marbaniang said that the incident happened at about 3:30 pm and the fire was quickly extinguished and 13 vehicles were destroyed in the blaze. .
This is to encourage the people of the area to register for this training programme.
Shillong, Nailur 02: To start the implementation of the ban on the use of plastic in Iewduh from today, a public meeting was held at Iewduh today in the presence of the Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry. This was announced by Bah Paul Lyngdoh today.
He was speaking at a meeting of the US-India Business Council (USIBC) in Washington. The meeting was attended by the Union Minister. various companies of the United States along with the participation of companies from India.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo in reply to a question by Bah Phlastingwell Pangniang regarding the road from Nongstoin-Rambrai to Kyrshai. Assam, the DPR of this road will be completed within this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LAYA) together with the people of the area strongly condemns the violation of the rights of the people of Bri u Hynniew Trep. They protested against the construction of the Khasi Hills Railway without their consent but they used force and when the students of the country went to arrest the illegal workers without proper documents.
Urging the members to cooperate with the village authorities, he said, “Members should cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs for the good and development of the village and the community”. .
The raid was conducted in collaboration between the District Administration and the Police throughout the month.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC promised to take action and investigate what happened. They also agreed with what the CEM has promised on their demand.
On the allegation of the three, the government is looking into the allegation, however, the government will send a notice and the government has taken all the necessary measures to resolve this issue.
He said that the technical committee set up by the state government will have one representative from the central government and the central government can visit the coal mines at any time.
According to the complaint of the girl to the police, the incident happened at 3.30 pm while the people who entered and left the shop were busy looking for clothes. .
During the meeting, they also urged the GM to reopen the SBI branch in Rongra which was closed down by many people but as it is now, peace and order has returned. They requested the bank to reopen the SBI Branch in Rongra.
The lawyer of Poonam Yadav, who was accused in the news, said that the complaint was made by a person named Uma Shankar Mishara. ei neither was involved in this incident.
He said that KHNAM has demanded that the management of the hospital should not expel the people from the state in any way.
On the other hand, the President of RBYDSO, Bah Dibishon Malai, said that the CEM has informed us that the KHADC has already set up a Select Committee to consider the demand of the people of Umsning Constituency. “It has been suspended in the KHADC since 2008,” he told reporters.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Reniton L Tongkhar, Deputy Commissioner HG Lyngdoh, Superintendent of Police and other government officials.
The medals won by the country have brought joy to the whole country.
London came in fourth with 258,000 citizens, followed by Singapore with 240,000 citizens. the fourth place.
The MSPCB does not trust the report of the MSPCB. There is something behind it.
Shillong, June 18: The All Meghalaya SSA School Association (AMSSASA) after receiving a request from the parents and Managing Committees of the schools, has held a meeting to discuss the issue. After talking to them, they have canceled the strike and will stop teaching in schools from today.
However, they understand that each and every Kpoh should discuss, men and women, young and old because whatever happens will affect the future generations, whether it is good or bad. and to bring it to the Seng Kur Pyllun so that it may become one sawar to be put together.
Shillong, November 20: The Meghalaya Electricity Department today signed a social agreement with M/S Renew Joule. Private Limited to build a 120 Megawatt Vertical Turbine Project in the state at three locations using a new technology known as the “Closed Loop Vertical Turbine Project”. in the presence of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Bah Embhah said that one of the issues that has been achieved is the extension of the age of employment for the youth and in previous years at one of the largest meetings we had the opportunity to give our opinion. The State Youth Wing has a plan to strengthen the youth and needs an employment policy to create opportunities for youth. “Employment opportunities for the youth and also to have a Tourism Policy and this will also promote employment opportunities for the youth,” he said.
PK Pangniang said the party is grateful to the state government for issuing a notice to implement the Roster System from now on and at the same time to remove the rules to allow Garo from other countries. state to cover the share of Garo residents in Meghalaya.
The deceased was identified as Pulsan Balu, 42, of Williamnagar. The deceased was identified as AB Constable. He was taken to Civil Hospital Williamnagar. he passed away on the 9th of this month.
The selection of young girls who wish to take part in the competition was also held in Kokrajhar, Guwahati, Shillong, Kohima and Gangtok. u and u number+9
To bring the state to an income increase of Rs 10 billion, the government has taken many measures by introducing new schemes, and the Chief Minister has set a target for the fiscal year 2024- By 2025, the state revenue should be T.52,973/-crore.
All vehicles carrying food, troops and medical supplies have been exempted, but the drivers and passengers have to be checked according to the rules.
Prof. Rajeeva Laxman Karandikar, Chairman, National Statistical Commission and Dr. Saurabh Garg, Secretary, SPI also delivered speeches on the occasion.
The purpose of such treatment is to provide an opportunity for people to get healthy.
She also spoke about the opportunities available in adventure sports and tourism in the region and added that it is necessary to pay special attention to the use of these opportunities.
Prestone said the government has ordered the closure of all shops in Meghalaya from Byrnihat to Rani Godown on the way to the airport to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The 15 years of journey have not been easy, the leaders and members of this party have gone through many decisions and many new challenges in their lives.
The train leaving Rajeshthan on 26/5/2020 carried 225 passengers from the state and 250 passengers from Andhra Pradesh.
Police believe that Storgy Lyngdoh is a full member of the HNLC and is close to the Deputy Commander-In-Chief of the HNLC. Police have registered a complaint at Rynjah Police Station for further investigation. Police have admitted that he was involved in the incident. many crimes and fight to escape the clutches of the law.
On one occasion, Prime Minister Narendra Modi praised Bijay Shanti from Manipur, founder of a start-up that produces lotus flowers, which has opened up new opportunities in the field of lotus cultivation and related fields. and clothes.
The three organizations demanded that the Minister should direct the Electricity Department to issue a notice regarding the manner of power outage or the hours and time of power outage in Ri-bhoi District. other.
“The NTPC has agreed to lift the ban on the Meghalaya government from purchasing electricity from other electricity companies. to buy electricity from these companies.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills said that some of the censuses have already been sent to the government, but there are also those whose censuses are still in progress. the estimate of the damage caused by the natural disaster.
Sangma said besides the District Headquarters, Administrative Housing Complexes will also be constructed in remote areas for doctors, nurses and other government employees.
Police said that Sanidul sustained injuries to his chest and head. The injured survived.
Shillong, Nailur 05: At 3.30 pm this morning, a wire light collided with a post light tree and caused a fire to break out. you post light.
In his speech, Dr Donkupar Roy Shnong of the Legislative Assembly expressed his gratitude to see that there will be such a training for those who want to take up this field of agriculture as one of the ways. earn.
Suddenly on 1st November 2023, the list of students to study MBBS through the government scheme was released and it was found that the same non-Khasis who are on the Screening List have been selected to study read through the Open Category section.
This place was built by three friends, Robinson Jyrwa, Lindsay Diengdoh and Gary Jarman Lamare.
He said that in the past years, the Cess was collected only from Mawshun, Coal and Mawlein, but now four more minerals have been included in the Cess.
The last arrival in the state was on the 25th of this month, after which they could not come anymore because there were no airplanes and trains and the borders were closed.
The FKS expects the UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM, PDF and NPP parties which hold the keys to the government to do whatever is necessary to appoint a Government Committee to complete these obstacles to be recognized by the Constitution of India. The Federation of Khasi States and the children of thousands from the villages of Ri Khasi and Jaintia have been affected by this lockdown. These agreements and promises have been signed for 70 years due to a misunderstanding between the Dorbars of KHADC and the State Government on the issue of recognition of the Hima Khasi States under the Constitution of India.
If they allow the supporters from different units to participate in the election of the candidate, then the party supporters will also feel responsible for the work and will have to To work hard together for the victory of this candidate because if he loses, they will be sad and guilty and lose their dignity.
Also present on the occasion were the President of Mawlai Town Hall, Bah H.War, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum, Bah JS War and some youths from Mawlai.
As a public leader, he won the MLA election from the Congress party in 1988 for the first time and for the second time in 1993 from the APHLC (AM). As an MLA, he became a Minister in the Government and a Deputy Sepaker.
Earlier, the Chief Ministers Secretariat informed the Chairman of the Dorbar that Dr Mukul Sangma has accepted the invitation of the Syiem and the Dorbar to witness the Shad. Nongcrem on the 14th.
The BJP, HSPDP, UDP, PDF and the new candidates are the two independent parties in the current government. .
It seems that the Government is more willing to throw money at the problems than at solving the problems, our society has been left to jump from one fire to another.
President: Learninglard TariangVice President : Balawan SuchiangGeneral Secretary : Jevelin ShadapAssistant G.S: Pyniowmi LangbangAssistant G.S: Fasterweil PhawaEducation Secretary: Tammiki MannerAssist.
In a statement, Marak said, “It is a fact that the illegal mining and smuggling of coal continues without any supervision which has caused losses to the state. The State, the Meghalaya Court and everyone know the facts but due to the presence of exploiters nothing has been done.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Shillong Rotary Club Shillong today sent relief goods to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District for the floods. heaven.
Shillong, Lber 28: The residents of Lawmei Central village today at 5 pm came to the office of the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (KHAC) to protest against the suspension of the chief king of Mylleim Hima. the process of electing a new Rangbah Shnong.
However, with a 93-run first innings lead, Sikkim set a target of 174 to win for Meghalaya and they were not going to make the chase easy on their home turf.
However, the Long Answer (LA) students are required to answer mandatorily in their respective subjects, namely three questions from History and Geography and two questions from Civics and Economics.
Both the Government of India and the State Government have approved the 13 demands of the ANVC including the expansion of the powers of the District Council.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, she said, “We Khasi don't have any shortcomings to compare or compare with other ethnic groups, but what we need is support. from all sides".
He said that in these days the youth of the State have faced difficulties in applying for the post of Police Officer. that young people plan to apply.
If the Prime Minister feels sorry for us teachers, perhaps he will do something for us as he promised to call the officers first.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Ka KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit as part of the awareness campaign on Corona Virus and how to take measures to protect ourselves from this disease has distributed to several people and families of the village. Photjaud Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills District.
The cases are from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi District and 1 from West Garo Hills.
Of these 12 cases, four cases were from Garo Hills and four cases were tested negative at Tura. Five cases from Khasi Hills were tested negative at NEIGRIHMS. received today and all are negative.
Shillong, July 30: The North East India Business and Cultural Integration Initiatives, organized by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, of the Union Government and the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) was held in Mumbai. Dr Mukul Sangma also took part.
The Government is paying close attention to the safety of women and children.
On this occasion, many of the participants encouraged and congratulated the brothers and sisters who attended the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that the decision of the Supreme Court today on the repeal of Article 370 is special and confirms the validity of the Constitution. resolution of the Parliament of India on 5th July 2019 regarding the Constitution of the country.
The Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, said that they will search for football talented children and they will have experts to select the children for training in Germany. you don't have to worry.
This is a statement from the KSU Iooksi and Saphai Unit.
The CSWO urges other civil society organizations to take this decision because there are powers that want to invade and there are people who have the power to use some police to blame the church.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Customs Department on receiving a tip-off conducted a raid in Killing, Ri Bhoi District and seized a Scorpio. Meth tabs were seized.
He urged them to provide themselves with weapons such as guns and other protective equipment to protect themselves from these attackers.
On the other hand, Bah FM Dopth (IAS), Director Corporate Affairs MeECL, promised to take action to convey these issues raised by the FKJGP and the Union of San Shnongs to the Members of the Board so that they can to make all things new.
The union is deeply saddened by this attack on the journalists and demands that the Assam police should respect the journalists and not treat the journalists as participants. in the protest organized by the civil society.
“The Congress stands firm on its foundation and will continue to stand for the people of the state as a whole,” he added.
This pass was counted for all those who competed from regular schools and those who competed privately.
: it means to destroy what is visible and to pass through what is visible to destroy.
Meanwhile, in Pynursla, the ticket could go to Prestone Tynsong and from Mawthadraishan, the party has not yet decided because there is a difference between Boldness L Nongum and Irin Lyngdoh. left.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah K. Nongbet, Secretary, Principal, Bah D. Rani and others.
In accordance with the power empowered under Article (I) of Article 174 of the Constitution of India, the Governor of the State has convened the State Legislative Assembly at 10.00 am on 4th June 2022, at the Rilbong Assembly Hall.
These Ministers decided to hold B2B Business Summits and B2B talks between the two countries to build supply chains and improve products in these areas.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The President of the Garo National Council (NGC) Cliford R Marak on Tuesday said that he will take up the case of the Advocate General of Meghalaya, Bah KS Kynjing on behalf of Dr Mukul Sangma in the PIL filed by TM Marak.
The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MLA) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inaugurated the new building of Tirot Sing Memorial Government Primary School, Nongkhlaw. The testimony of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, the District School Education Officer, Kong L.Syiemlieh, The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri, village leaders, teachers, students and the people of the area.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, SK Sunn, he said that the National Highway Indian Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) has already called a tender for the construction of the detail. Project report (DPR) in 2018, but surprisingly, the tender has not yet been called to start the work.
The demand of the GNLA is to get its own state for the Garo people which they believe should be the Garoland state.
Shillong, July 07: Additional Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice SR Sen today took oath as the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court. This is the Supreme Court of Meghalaya.
Police from the Madanrting Police Station said that the incident occurred when the government bus saw suddenly collided and went to collide with the vehicles. There were seven vehicles in front of the bus including the bus.
The District Administration will take all necessary measures to ensure that there will be no tragic incident just because of the rumours.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kharpran said that the delay in starting earlier is due to the slow allocation of funds.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Development Works, Bah Sumer, said that the allocation for the construction of the KHADC office in Mawkyrwat is T.1,32,56,000/-. the office side is looking for space.
He said the state borders with Bangladesh on three sides and imports from Bangladesh are more than T.300 crore annually but exports are less than T.4.6 crore.
The Hima Mylliem should take greater responsibility for the pollution and decline of the market.
On the other hand, Hari alleged that Bablu, a policeman in charge of the Borsora Out Post, had a conspiracy to collect money from him every month and to look after his work. asked Hari.
Shillong, Naitung 7: For the first time in the history of Wapung, one of the areas in Jaintia Hills with the largest number of Kur Dkhars, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills has opened and established its office in Wapung. This Saturday, July 06, 2019, at 11:00am at the Community Hall, Wapungshnong.
On the other hand, the state government has taken many measures to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state. ways to protect.
Without these necessary steps, our leaders will not be able to engage in peace talks.
During his tenure as Rangbah Shnong, we met several times.
Regarding the allegations that there have been supporters from behind, Bah Lamphrang said that there is no such thing and they don't have anything to do with it because when they are concerned about the issues that affect the jaidbynriew. they are standing for the great cause of the nation.
Four new cases have been confirmed today, four from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 83,292 in the state.
The group in a meeting with the Prime Minister in the presence of Cabinet Ministers demanded that the residents of Them Motor should be evicted from the Sweeper Colony.
Archbishop Victor, after the completion of the service, opened the Mawnongrim, launched balloons and cut the cake.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1020, while the death toll from the state has risen to you have 1499 people.
During the meeting, the Leader of the Opposition expressed his satisfaction with the need to have this Act to protect the Kurs and also the MDCs who were present on this occasion expressed the same. to work together for the passage of the Clan Bill,
Assam Police have registered a case but could not find out where she is. Meghalaya Police have followed up on the case together with a team of die look specifically at the female trade.
Implement the law first and you will see where the shortcomings and shortcomings are.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Lamphrang Blah today announced that the Budget Session for the year 2022-2023 will be held on 8th October
The total number of cases in the district is 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 59 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from Ri Bhoi and 7 cases from West Garo Hills.
Baniateilang Diengngan, Deputy Commandant of 6th MLP Bn, Umran, has been transferred as Additional Superintendent of Police.
After these matches, the tournament will reach the quarter final and the matches will be as follows: Nongthymmai Circle vs Sohiong Circle on 13.12.2017 (2:00 PM) District Unit vs Shillong Mihngi Circle on 14.12.2017 (12:00 PM) Upper Shillong Circle vs West Khasi Hills District Unit on
Shillong, November 03: U Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC, 101 Area today visited the Assam Regional Center after taking over as Commander of the 101 Area.
According to the agreement, the employment will be given first to the villagers and if there are no villagers who can work, the villagers should be given first and if they cannot, the company can appoint others. person.
The medical teams also explained the schemes of the government for the people and to know the opportunities that the government provides for the sick.
Memorials will be erected in their honor at the gram panchayats near the Amrit Sarovar.
If they do it alone in GHADC, they may be punished by the party leaders.
The two vehicles were a Gypsy (ML0-1-5716) at Langkyrding and a Bolero Pick Up (AS-18/C-8 Laitlum was born in Mawlai.
During the meeting, they discussed the violence of the company which has counted the salaries of the employees even after talks with the government, but the company has not listened.
Police said that they were able to rescue Das thanks to the cooperation of his family members. Investigation is ongoing to arrest those involved in the kidnapping.
The KKHA said that there should be strong laws to prevent people involved in rape from getting bail.
The LLB third semester examination scheduled to be held tomorrow has been postponed to the 21st of this month and the writing time will be from 10.00 am to 1.00 pm.
Volume I of the Financial Accounts contains the Report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, reports on all receipts and payments and the Notes to Financial Accounts contains an explanation of the main policies relating to the financial activity, account status and others.
At the end of the election and announcement of the results and the winners of the 36 elected NRAI leaders by the Returning Officer for the year 2021-2025, the new Secretary General Kanwar Sultan Singh u “What they have done at the Tokyo Olympics 2020 and how they will prepare for the 2024 Olympics,” he said.
The Government understands the problems of the people and is looking for ways how the curfew will not affect the people and especially the farmers who come. it is their marrep.
Having this will help the government to provide medicines and at the same time understand how the disease is more common in which diseases and it will also be information for doctors to treat the sick. This shall be done by using the relevant authorities in accordance with this era.
According to information sent from the area, the landslide has damaged the road this morning and this has put the residents in great difficulty in traveling because there is only one road. kane to the street.
He said that these universities are using our students and teachers for their own purposes and urged the students to be critical when they find such things.
Regarding some of the issues raised in the Bill, he said that the Chief Executive Members have recently expressed their concerns through a petition to the CEM, KHADC, and it is hoped that these issues will be addressed. authorities will take action.
Through the opening of the BharatNet site in Mawkynsah, another village in Meghalaya is now closer to other parts of the world.
The protest was held amid heavy security due to the arrival of Defense Minister Amit Shah in the state to conduct a meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC).
The recoveries are 78 from East Khasi Hills, 46 from West Garo Hills, 5 from South Garo Hills, 4 from South Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from East Garo Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
Meanwhile, the arrest of Gary Rinaldy, 25, of Mawlai Mawroh, was in connection with the murder of a foreigner at his house in Mawroh.
Other speakers at the meeting were Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly TD Shira, Joint Secretary of Parliament Kalpana Sharma and Commissioner Secretary of the Legislative Assembly Andrew Simon.
Palm oil is very important and its cultivation will create income opportunities for the farmers in the North East, he said.
However, this action of the Meghalaya government is like a threat to the spirit of cooperation of the party and the village leaders as well.
The Khasi have been settled in this area since the time of the Sutnga chiefs. the Ahom kingdom, the Bodo-Kachari kingdom and the Sutnga kingdom.
The One Week Anf One Lab was attended by 150 representatives from various government departments such as the Meghalaya Road Construction Department, Military Engineer Service. , North Eastern Council, Ministry of Transport, MIDFC and others.
The Catholic Church in Meghalaya has opposed and expressed its disagreement with the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in India.
To bring awareness to the world's citizens that we cannot live without clean air to breathe, we need to do something to restore the clean air we breathe every moment. Air Pollution as the theme of World Environment Day 2019 on the 5th of July to be celebrated by the country. China, said Bah Staising Kharbeteng, a teacher.
Dajied was abducted by suspected militants on 27th June this year and was released by Bangladesh police on 15th June and returned home. on the 9th of January.
The arrested were identified as Dona Laloo and Mebanjop Dkhar of Mawlai Iewrynhep while Marngar and Livingstone Dhar of Lower Mawprem Shillong.
The program was attended by children from various schools in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Shillong, July 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been tested positive in East Khasi Hills District. There are 3 cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 in Ri Bhoi District.
This is why we don't want to have a check post,” said the Sordar of Mawryngkneng.
Regarding the drug traffickers, the KSU has found many times in every village that when the members of the KSU together with the village headmen arrest these drug traffickers.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Meghalaya 4 Teachers Association (MFA) has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the issues faced by them as teachers. statement.
There are three districts in Meghalaya which have not tested positive for COVID-19 today. They are North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills. 886 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills.
Shops that sell and repair mobile phones and shops that recharge mobile phones.
The main issues include the measures issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government including the ban on non-essential activities in the areas recognized as containment zones, the extra precautions for those most at risk, use of face shields, frequent handwashing, provision of hand sanitizer and upholding etiquettes regarding ventilation especially in the film industry.
Both these projects under Sohra Civil Sub Division were implemented by the Soil and Water Conservation Department in collaboration with the Meghalayan Age Limited.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to temporarily close the entry points into the state from midnight on from the 23rd of this month to the 31st of this month.
In a statement sent by the Secretary of the KJCLF, Rev Dr Edwin H. Kharkongor, on Friday, he said, “The members of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum, Shillong are shocked by the attacks. misleading and threatening violence against Christian schools despite the services they provide to the community and the country as a whole.
The program was attended by the Magistrate of Civil Sub Division, Union of Waheh Shnongs of War area, Rangbah Shnongs.
“If the Congress party really has that responsibility, let them come with preparation and the government will honor them,” he said. to the Government in the name of the Chief Minister Relief Fund.
Two persons have been arrested in connection with the seizure and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the Cabinet today approved all those who have been appointed in the four blocks which have already been opened. the two blocks will be opened in the coming days.
The party fully supports the Union of Rangbah Kur and the FKJGP on this issue.
Activities suspended across the country include travel by plane, train and car; the establishment of schools and other educational institutions; factory and warehouse operations; the operations of hotels and other accommodations; that movie theater; shopping complexes; theaters and others; various meetings; various places of worship and religious gatherings.
Seed producing farmers can send their seeds to seed collection companies with the necessary documents.
The Sirdar of Hima Mawdon was also present on the occasion.
Participants included doctors, medical social workers and nurses from many hospitals.
The CEM of KHADC said that as the leaders of the people, they have the same concern for the people who are facing difficulties during this time of fighting against COVID-1
KSU War Jaintia Circle President Laitphar Syngkrem said that during the meeting with the Chief Superintendent of Police, they demanded that he should send more SF-10 police to be present at the scene. region.
Shillong, July 16: The VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the party has already been registered and is waiting for the shap. at the polo field today.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dondi Khongsit, General Secretary of FKJGP, said that this lack of attention of the state government has caused problems not only to the residents of the village. but also to the visitors, it has become a shame because of the beauty of this place.
Speaking on the occasion, the DIG of Assam & Arunachal Range, Assam Rifles promised that the Army will continue to provide assistance to the people to maintain peace and order. sit down in this area.
“The items seized from the arrested persons have been decided to be burnt,” he said.
The eastern part will start from Raitong village, go up to Umkra village and reach Umkei village in the eastern parts of the village.
Shillong, July 29: The opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) may move a motion of no confidence in the current Executive Committee led by the HSPDP. Congress.
Kennedy T Sangma, commander of the GNLA, has been arrested under the MPDA Act.
Shillong, November 19: The Cabinet has decided that the BJP and UDP parties in the government will not be able to interfere in the implementation of any scheme. FOCUS, said Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Shillong, March 31: The state of education in 2020 has become confusing and incomprehensible due to the sudden lockdown imposed by the government from 17th March (October). all educational institutions due to the sudden outbreak of Covid-1
The Lamphang said that he is pleased to see that many youths have passed well in the Khasi language, but the sad thing is that they don't speak Khasi anymore. spirit color duh.
The union has banned this method of collecting money but due to the lack of action by the government it has put the members in difficulty to survive.
Police said that the bomb was placed on the stones of a shop belonging to Center Point on Tuesday night. The arrest was made after investigation into the incident.
“We will also send a letter to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) and the Minister of Forests regarding this issue,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah in a statement. to the media on Wednesday.
As the union we cannot tolerate this and we would like to ask the government and the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong who is also the Minister of PWD on this.
According to information received, many of these people have already submitted their registration forms with the office of the SDO Civil Sohra but have not been included in the electoral roll.
This answer was brought to the court in writing.
On receiving a tip on the incident, the Rynjah Police Station rushed to the scene and completed the investigation according to the rules of law. conduct an investigation to determine the cause.
All Fair Price shops have been directed to remove the rice from the market and distribute it to the public.
This was announced by Bashan Lyngdoh, General Secretary of HYC Mawlai Circle.
On this occasion, Hardeep Singh, Inspector General BSF Meghalaya together with UK Nayal, DIG BSF welcomed the BGB personnel at ICP Dawki.
The prices of petrol and diesel are so low that they cannot be sustained.
The blood donation was held at its office in Nongrim Hills Shillong.
The Chief Executive Member of GHADC, Denand T Sangma, said, “It is a fact that the employees have not received their salaries for six months. there is no table.
When SP News Agency visited the construction site of the Governor's House in Tura, West Garo Hills, it was seen that the houses have been completed and the remaining houses are still to be built. only a fence around the place.
At the same time, the union warns against those employers or supervisors who violate the rights of workers and take advantage of women and children.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today visited Nongnah village to campaign for the party candidate Martin M Danggo in the presence of leader of the organization.
The question was whether the EVM and VVPAT machines are reliable and do not interfere with the polling.
He also urged Neepco to strive to provide more assistance schemes to the village in the coming days. He also praised the KSU Iooksi Unit for its efforts to apply for this scheme from Neepco.
Ronie was speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan after the meeting of the Executive Committee of the MPCC which discussed the issue. The Sixth Schedule to be amended as Panchayati Raj has appeared today in one of the English newspapers.
“This action of the government through its department in charge of this road is a fraud in which it improves only the parts that the eyes of the Chief Minister will see. Other parts of this road, although they are badly damaged, the department in charge of this road has left it lyngkrang.
The Prime Minister of India has said that India is determined to work together to fight against COVID-19, in the region and around the world. other.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi and Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma have expressed their opposition to what has happened to the people of the state. Garo Hills.
Are there any parents who do not want their children to have a relationship with their country?
According to police, this happened at 2:00 pm.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Government will discuss with the NHM regarding the demands of MEMRIWU as the Government itself cannot take any decision. for the reason that the employees of EMRI-108 are employees of the Company and not government employees.
The SSA teachers have been raising these demands since the past and also in the present MDA government which has been in place for more than three years. surprised that their claim had been rejected.
Therefore, in order to overcome this disease, it is necessary to maintain vigilance and strictly follow the procedures by focusing on monitoring, control and compliance with the guidelines/SOPs issued. by the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Health of the Federal Government.
The three-day meeting started on the 18th and ended on the 20th July 2023 with the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma as the chief guest.
“Ka Seng would like to point out that the number of illegal residents in Mahadev Khola has increased in the last few years and there is no monitoring as it is the property of the Forest Department and the Dorbar Shnong. You don't have to be afraid of Mahadev Khola.
Compared to last month, the police have collected more fines.
Mission POSHAN 2.0 is an Integrated Nutrition Support Program.
The exhibition has ended with the sale of garments. What the government has done for them is only to provide assistance to the exhibition. the form of the grant.
The Congress leader said the media said that this visit was not for government work, the visit was “unofficial” what does that mean.
It is for this reason that many of them stay in government offices especially in the blocks where they should be distributed to those who should see the cards.
We strongly condemn this weakness and incompetence of the JHADC in this regard.
He recalled the steps taken by Prime Minister Duh in the fields of infrastructure and technology since his tenure as Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Sadar Police Station has summoned the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Roy Kupar Synrem to appear before the MMPO for the destruction of illegal residential buildings in Lum Survey recently. .
Regarding the statement of the Governor, the KSU said in a statement that the KSU has sent a statement to the Governor.
The phone numbers of this office are Nos- 1800-345-3685 (Toll Free), 93830-49326 (Mobile & Whatsapp), 93830-49327 (Mobile & Whatsapp) and 93830-4 ), your email ID is correct.
“This has given freedom to the SPs to spend for various outposts and to build office buildings without having to go to the Engineering Wing of PWD or any agency,” he said. added.
Expressing his appreciation for the design and role of Pradhanmantri Sangrahalaya, the Prime Minister stressed the need for the museum to be nationally oriented, not about people and hold the facts.
This depends on how the bones want to be used.
Applications for the Nari Shakti Award, 2022 will be accepted only through the website.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Bah AL Hek, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. Hills, Kong RM Kurbah and others.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr. Aman Warr, today said that in the testing of people across Shillong, such as Laitumkhrah, Rilbong, Jhalapara, Anjalee, Police Bazar and Motphran.
Among these villages, Mawphansaw and Nongmluh are the villages which have been without electricity for almost a year.
This visit of Major General Pipin has been a great encouragement to the students of this school.
The session will start from 16th to 23rd October and will be repeated on 5th June and will end on 20th June
Regarding the fear of the entry of foreigners, the government has taken all the necessary measures to prevent the entry of foreigners and in fact the government has been more busy. They have talked to the civil society groups that the government will set up checkpoints for entry and exit even at railway stations.
On the same day, the Resident of Riat Laban, Shillong and the Resident of Masjid Road Laban, Shillong who have been selected to lead Meghalaya to the conference in Hariyana from 21st to 23rd June were also honoured. .
Other MDCs who opposed the bill in the House were Bah C Sohtun, who said that the bill should not be passed now and should be looked into.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Working Group-3, said that the State Planning Board will visit several C&RD Block to listen face to face with the views of the C&RD Block. Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Village Employment Council (VEC) and Area Employment Council (AEC) and urged them to send if they have any suggestions on how to improve the working methods of the C&RD schemes. , in writing through their BDOs or sent directly to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, before the end of February 2014, as part of the assistance to the State. The Planning Board shall not be allowed to prepare a proper report to the Government of Meghalaya.
HANM has stood firmly to demand that the Meghalaya government should resolve the border issue with Assam. Meghalaya has not yet resolved the border issue, as they have already done and the border issue has been put before the Secretariat and District Council where Conrad has had to talk to Assam and Assam. now they have ceased to set the boundary.
Referring to the production of pigs, it was said that there is a shortage of up to 65%, the government encourages the people to take up this job not only to fill the shortage but also to become a source of income. I don't give jam to young people who don't know.
In a letter to the CEM, they said that many of the employees of the Coke Factories in Shallang, Borsora, Bagli and Cherragaon in South West Khasi Hills District do not have trading licenses and labor licences.
Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, on the complaint of the 11 Hima bordering Assam, agreed that the matter is serious and needs to be thought through. The Meghalaya Regulation of Land Transfer Act has made it difficult for the 11 Himas to register and collect the revenue for the renewal of land from non-Khasis. Before the enactment of this Act, they said that these people who are on the border when they cannot register with the Hima, they go to register at the office. DC to Assam.
Total number of tests so far is 36859, 35569 negative and 467 results are pending.
The curfew in these two places will be from 12.00 noon to 3.00 pm.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that many of the residents of the village are farmers especially in the evening because in the morning they go to work in their fields by cultivating synsar, sla tyrpad and others. others.
The exercise will strengthen cooperation in national security affairs, including bilateral talks between the two countries.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The President of the Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (MSA) on Tuesday said that the union has given the government 16 days until the end of November to implement the demands of the union. their protest in April.
Dr. Sabita Sen, Principal, Shillong Commerce College was the chief guest.
Shillong, July 19: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (GDP) today held an emergency meeting on the 19th of this month. June 2013, expressed its gratitude to Bah PN Syiem, MDC, MLA, CEM KHADC, for his approval and the KHADC Legislative Assembly, to send the Village Administration Bill 2013 to the Select Committee for consideration. detail the provisions of the Bill.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya Government to clarify the news. They were sent to the Lum Survey.
Because this action of the Council is for the benefit of us the people of the state.
In a letter written today, they urged the new CEM of GHADC to take any necessary measures to pay the salaries of the employees who have suffered from the problems. .
They said that they have already played the semi-final since June and until now they have not been able to play the final, and these two teams demanded that the RBYC Umden Circle should pay the expenses. for the tournament from the First Round to the Final which amounted to T.50,0
The people of Garo Hills go to Dimpur to buy jaiñ because the price is low.
Bah Sanboklang Dohtdong said that the CHC has not been able to operate according to its status. The government has already built the residential buildings for the employees but these houses have been destroyed because there is no accommodation in these government buildings.
The meeting will also discuss how to strengthen the work of the Central Executive Committee and other issues if necessary.
Jowai, Nailur 08: Robbers have robbed the grave of Bah Qually Suiam, former Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills, Mootyrshiah, Jowai. The Autonomous District Council (ADC) has decided to hold a meeting.
This has upset the youth of the KSU and they have to struggle to survive by watching these terrible lights which will destroy the Jaitbynriew.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on 28th November 2016 has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam to resume the talks. boundary to which no answer has yet been received.
Latest reports said that talks between the PWD and the Forest Department are ongoing and the rule set by the Forest Department to the PWD is that instead of taking the land fee, it wants to get bujli and one bag.
At the time of writing, it is not clear what will be discussed at the meeting, but it is understood that the meeting is important as Meghalaya has a 443 km border with Bangladesh. .
The purpose of the amendment is to clarify the penalties for those who commit rape.
The salary of these five persons has reached T.35,000/- tyngka.
“The Governments of the two states should ensure that peace and order is maintained and that the people involved should be held responsible for the disrespect especially towards any religious people," she said. Committee.
He said that the people have the right to vote for whom they like, but he urged them to exercise their right to vote and not to neglect the right to vote.
of Space (DOS) to provide information related to space technology and services for the development of the North East.
John Parankimalil who was the Chief Guest and also Secretary of the All India Don Bosco Education Society, New Delhi, members of the Club and others who were invited.
The Minister said India firmly believes that all countries should understand that changes in the electricity sector will bring opportunities and challenges to developing countries and the Western Hemisphere.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), Rymbai and Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat were the winners of the cultural exhibition. The Agriculture Department has won the second prize.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Seng Kut Snem today celebrated its 123rd Anniversary, in which thousands of people who still hold the traditional religion came to take part in this celebration. The march from Iewrunhep Square to Weking Square.
Speaking on the allegation in one of the newspapers that Martin M Danggo has left the party, Prestone said that under the Constitution of India, an MLA when he resigns and contests another election as alleged, he did not leave the party.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The National Green Tribunal (JYF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the order of the National Green Tribunal to ban the mining of coal by the indigenous people in the state. brothers and sisters who have started since ancient times as the customary practice of our people under the six scheduled.
Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120 B/121 A of the Indian Penal Code. IPC), read also Section 10/13/18 UA(P) Act and 5/6 Explosive Substance Act.
The Seng also demanded from these Government Heads to set up a 24 hour Help Desk inside the Meghalaya House so that the students or employees can seek assistance at any time.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Bah M Kharkrang and the welcome speech was delivered by the Judge of the District Council Court, Bah S Kharsyiemlieh.
It is to be recalled that recently there have been incidents of damage to arshaka vehicles by unidentified persons in Mawprem area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi today sent a letter to Bah Pynsngain MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah. .
Nongpoh, Naitung 1 : Hundreds of people including public vehicles were stranded on the road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem today after a truck carrying an excavator overturned and collided with a truck. The residents of Kyrdem area in Ri Bhoi District have been banned.
He said that according to the survey, the land dealers in Shillong contribute between Rs 12 and Rs 16 crore per month.
The two children were honored today in the presence of the people to express their condolences to the family of the deceased and at the same time to condole. the perpetrator is now in the hands of the police.
The students who were awarded today were Aradhika Paul who came first, Prakash Das who came second and Nandini Das who came third.
After the church services, the body of Bah Macmilan was laid to rest at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Madanriting.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBS) has organized an Inter School Choir Competition on the theme "Celebrate the Past" on 11th March , Embrace the Present and Rise to the Future" which was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Shillong, June 19: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, today said that the election for the 18th Lok Sabha has gone smoothly without any incident in the state.
Regarding those who have been infected with COVID-19, the state government will be able to test them again after 14 days to ensure that these people have recovered from the disease.
She emphasized on promoting physical activity and eating healthy food.
During these two days, the Home Science College, Bethany Society of Tura demonstrated how to produce food items from Sohphan. Cooperative Society, Sangma Bakery of Willimanagar, Marak Bakery of Williamanagar, Romgpi Food Paradise of Williamnagar, DCIC of East Garo Hills, MRDS of East Garo Hills and 12 Self Help Groups who demonstrated the products that can be made from Sohphan. .
The aims and objectives of this Seng are to promote tourism, to support the community through training and public awareness in order to create employment opportunities, to preserve the culture and traditions of the people.
She said that the demand of the Association is on the price of food items and beverages in the market which has affected the salary of the people.
The JACAC office bearers include Garland Kharsyntiew as President, Basal Lyngdoh as Vice President, Rodrick R Syiemiong as Secretary, Jame Rober Kharkrang as Organizing Secretary, Bishar Dhar and H Jalong as Advisors. and the members shall be all Executive Members of the three parties.
State President of the party Dr WR Kharlukhi, leading supporters of Bah Mighter Marwein and others were accompanied by the party's state president Dr WR Kharlukhi.
He also stressed that the authorities of the CM can provide assistance if there is the cooperation of all the people from the state to the people.
He said that there are 10 candidates contesting the election, of which six candidates will contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat and four from the Tura Parliamentary Seat.
This shows that this government has auctioned our land to Assam.
Finely L Pariat said that the state has the potential to develop better in sports, there is still a need to improve and have adequate sports facilities.
Those who intend to return must stop first.
The EC's annual income from this collection is about Rs 20 lakh per annum.
The purpose of this joint review is to bring together all those involved in these activities in one platform to ensure smooth cooperation between the officers of the neighboring states and UTs together with the groups. Central governments protecting border areas.
There was also a Khasi and Pnar song for the country under the leadership of Ms. Silby Passah, and a short drama by Seng Biria Dei Por, Mairang, Nongkhlaw Hima on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed. Agreement of 15 December 1947.
You are the Modi of your village,” he said.
He said that development has a close relationship with peace and stability and urged the people to give their right hand to the government for the sake of bringing about development projects. in the state.
Ri Bhoi also won the bronze medal in the mixed team event after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The Minister said that the authority to manage adhoc schools lies with the Managing Committees and to appoint teachers as well. but to ensure smooth running, the government will appoint a commission to look into it.
Members of the HYC carried flags at Ranikor station on the way to the inauguration of the Ranikor Administrative Unit.
According to a statement from the EMRI, the kidnapper took her to a hotel in the area and raped her at the same time over the phone. The confrencig has informed the father of the girl.
The Committee was headed by Bah Lamphrang as Chairman.
"Sampath Kumar, Development Commissioner & Principal Secretary, said, “Meghalaya has adopted a science-based life cycle model to cultivate its human capital, fostering the future economic development of the state.
The non-recognition of the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Hima islands – and the lack of legislation on the part of the District Councils has caused thousands of children to move from house to house.
The HYC has also warned the management of the company not to open or close the door until they have complied with the rules.
On the tender called by UCIL, the Chief Minister said that if they do, they will have to take responsibility. It is the responsibility of the state to live in peace and order.
The MPYC leader strongly condemned the BJP's actions and said that the people of the country should strongly oppose the BJP's actions. , 29, resident of Mupliang village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been shot dead by unidentified robbers at Mosdai village, near Mukhla and Myrjai villages. clean sloit was found on October 12, 2024 near a field in Mosdai village.
He was speaking at a two-day meeting organized by the Center for Equity, Justice and Rule of Law (CEJAR) at Shilpgram in Guwahati.
This call for applications is open to all those in urban and rural areas.
In a statement sent to the media, NEHUSU announced that it will also hold a protest in front of the Administration Block on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Committee on Environment of the Legislative Assembly today decided to allow the reopening of JNV Mawphlang School. from today.
Shillong, November 27: U Bah George Massar Engineer in charge of OSGT has complained that during his inspection on 18/12/2023 at the water pump station at Sabah-Muswang village, he found that Four pumps have been stolen.
There have been 23 recoveries today, of which 22 cases are from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 16: “Therefore it is the duty of the priests to feed and care for the sheep willingly; Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, the new Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, said as the chief guest at the consecration of the 8 deacons from the dioceses of the Diocese of Shillong. State of Bah Niam.
Members of the union during the inspection found that there were 142 foreigners at the workplace of the Super Market Complex out of which only 20 had a day labor license while the others did not have any.
Alexander Laloo Hek, Minister of State for Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, has been awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Award by the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs. Ramdas Athawale, Head of Social Justice, at a meeting held at the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar Mantar, New Delhi in the presence of dignitaries and dignitaries from all over India.
BSF chiefs in Tura pay tribute at the Killapara War Memorial to the brave men who sacrificed their lives in the 1971 war.
Shillong, June 26: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, to discuss the issues related to the health services. and those under the Mawsynram Community and Rural Development Block.
Such children must be orphaned or rejected from the family or do not want to stay with their relatives.
At the same time, the father said that if anyone knows who has seen her, please inform the following numbers, 9874811268 and
This impact of the excessive use of plastics has led to plastic pollution which affects the environment and affects all living things, their habitat and us human beings.
Those who wish to have their names recognized by the Government of the Awards should send their names to the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong by 20th June,
He said that last year, the police department registered 46 cases of road accidents in which 40 people were killed and 15% seriously injured.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Tricky Mukhim.
The meeting was attended by officials from the Urban Development Department, the Law Department and the District Councils. and the implementation of Building Byelaws in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Master within the State of Meghalaya.
It is very difficult if they (the government) want education to improve,” said Babu Ron.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that although according to the law, it would have been difficult for Meghalaya to get the right to vote, but with the initiative of the government, it has been possible to get rid of this problem. which will be able to complete this cutting center and open it in a timely manner.
The Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal on Thursday inaugurated various projects to improve the workforce at the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy ( NEIAH) at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
There will also be performances by indigenous people from across the state.
At the ceremony, MEPA presented both the award winners with mementos and letters of appreciation.
Let’s see if the people want to have foreigners or are against it.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Covid-19 pandemic has affected all the people around the world but when we look at our state, many poor families are worried about the lack of food items. They don't have the right to buy as much as they buy once.
In his speech, Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister, said that the purpose of this skill development is to train the youth in various fields so that they can get jobs, or stand on their own feet. and not to pursue only government work.
Shillong, Lber 22: Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that she has already visited all the candidates for the Lok Sabha MP elections. 36 constituencies.
“It is the duty especially of the leaders of MLAs and MDCs who pass through this road and I urge the leaders of Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram and Langrin constituencies,” he said. and especially the MLA of Ranikor Constituency Martin M.Dango who is also the PWD Minister of the State Government to look after the roads. eyes to these areas and implement appropriate schemes according to the passage of time so that it will bring peace to the people of Salonsar.
The performances during these five days will include traditional costumes, traditional songs, traditional clothes and traditional drinks used by the people of the area.
The Molors were present at the race and expressed their gratitude to the BSF for organizing such a race for the safety and health of the children. you are healthy.
There are four districts in North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills. -19 positive today.
MeECL has said that its loss is 30% but the Prime Minister said that the loss of the Corporation has reached 40%. The Cabinet today approved the decision to create Meghalaya. State Commission on protection of Children Right (MSCPCR).
Lucy Mawrie, Senior Member of the Kur Mawrie Women's Dorbar, gave the welcome speech.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today left for Delhi to meet with the central government authorities to seek assistance in relation to the damage caused by the floods in the state. heavy slap.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the village and released Bah Khraw at noon today.
Shillong, June 07: The Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has been established to promote industrial activities in Meghalaya and also to support those who wish to build houses. .
On this occasion, they also brought together the farmers to see how they have to do in harvesting the jhur which they should sell in the market in the future.
The total number of cases in the state is
People aged 30 years and above were screened for hypertension and diabetes and those suspected of having these diseases were referred to higher education institutions.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that it was on these grounds that he went to meet the Governor to submit a petition to the President through the Governor.
At this meeting, it was decided to issue a public notice, where they can discuss, seek opinions and comment on the State Reservation Policy. .
After all the work of the government was completed, the Speaker of the House announced that the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has received a letter from James K Sangma, in which he expressed his desire to resign. pass this resolution to remove the Speaker of the House.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie.
There are 499 recoveries from West Garo Hills, 127 from West Garo Hills, 95 from East Khasi Hills and 93 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 57,9
On the other hand, the Party Congress leader said that although the locations have not been announced yet, she hopes that whatever is decided will be for the benefit of the people. what emerges from the negotiations in this first phase of mediation.
The meeting with the Deputy Commissioner was led by Bah Satly.
He said that the example led by the Congress party to work together is based on the principle of the Khasi Dorbar where there is no ruling and no opposition but there is only one goal and that is to work for the cause. He called on the people to elect and win Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, MDC candidate from the Congress party from Umroi.
The chief guest also expressed her gratitude to the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the state for sending this team to represent the state in the North East Games. The hockey team has not been able to bring fame and glory to the state.
Goyalu urged these institutions to ensure the participation of those who have passed from them.
The raid was conducted by the police across the districts to ensure that the elections to the Legislative Assembly will run smoothly.
We therefore urge the government authorities, the district administration and the Mawkyrwat C&RD Block Office to visit not only this family but also to visit the remote areas of the district to find out the problems and provide assistance. especially in such times.
If these factories should not be allowed to sell coal from the state, they should buy from the state.
MePDCL and FEDCO have already signed an agreement to take over the property from 1st June ( May) 2019 for conducting the work without proper notice to the electrical consumers within the division.
Such training is necessary for the youth of the state to receive training and become self-reliant.
Shillong, March 15: After being suspended for three years by the Congress party, Bah PN Syiem CEm of KHADC today called a meeting of the PDF to discuss these issues. Speaking to SP News Agency, UDP leader Bah Teinwell Dkhar said that the PDF, which has 16 members including the CEM, as a group is still giving the trust in Bah PN Syiem as their leader.
He urged the state government to strengthen its policy regarding industrial activities in the state, to use tourism destinations, to use them to increase income according to the times. current knowledge.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the issue of CMJ University has already been discussed in his capacity as Chief Minister and Governor.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Rajya Sabha MP Prof Rakesh Sinha today announced at a meeting at Kongthong village that he will take three villages in the Khatar village area to preserve their customs and traditions. inherited from ancient times.
however, there are limitations where the government owes federal assistance.
Tens of hundreds of Muster Roll employees from various government departments, Mid Day Meal makers, Mysteries and all day laborers from East and West Jaintia Hills Districts took part in the tournament.
The club has decided that the proceeds from the sale of tickets for the match tomorrow will go to the relief of the victims of the natural disaster in West Khasi Hills.
He said that the nation has improved in many areas from education, sports and others, but the sad thing is that the spirit of children has declined in this age with the decline of this spirit of children. children as a nation has lacked in the production of IAS and IPS, employed officers.
Six people have recovered from the disease today and all of them are from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 05: The ANVC and the Meghalaya government told reporters at the Pine Wood Hotel after an hour-long talks with the ANVC. he said his job was simply to bring the two groups to the negotiating table.
The Shillong Press Club today protested against the use of white paper on the job cards of the employees in Kyndong Wahlang VEC. Speaking to reporters, VEC President Bah C Rane said that the VEC leaders have been able to eat a lot of money from the NREGA scheme for the construction of the village road. VEC leaders to put white on the job cards of the people, because the employees during this 100 days do not get to hold their job cards and passbooks, but the chairman and the VECHalor He said that they have lodged a complaint with the government authorities but the matter is still pending. The BDO of Mawphlang has gone to investigate the matter and found that there is a The misuse of more than 1 lakh rupees but the public does not accept it because according to the information of the public it is not so.
He said that before doing this, the government had consulted with the people and school principals, but many of the schools have expressed that they cannot run because they are facing difficulties. started this scheme.
The party also supports the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem who has been willing to be the Ksiang to the Government to talk to the Sengbhalang for the ILP and peace and stability in the State.
Regarding the summons of the FKJGP leader from Umsning Circle, the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit strongly condemns the action of the police who accused the FKJGP member of violating the law. Night Curfew.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Leaders of KSU West Khasi District today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Hek to discuss the working conditions of Nongstoin Civil. The hospital is still in need in many ways.
The union wants to understand whether the Government will do the same to these foreign workers.
The price increase is up to 35% which is unacceptable.
Shillong, Nailar 26: A group of journalists today held a condolence meeting on the sudden death of former journalist Suraj Joshi at SPC. He expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of one of the journalists who has specially trained himself in the field of football news.
The 13 civil society organizations which have been protesting for the ILP in the state have expressed their regret over the government's delay in continuing the talks they have started.
Speaking to these youths, Sneinbha Suchiang said that the Minister has promised to talk to the Director of NTA on this issue and for now they will continue to wait for the meeting. He said that they want the NTA to conduct the examination only at the centers of Jowai and Nongpoh.
However, because it is still dark, the people and the leaders are calling for strong deeds without strengthening their own.
However, after examination and leg, it is not necessary.
This is an opportunity for the youth whom the government has led to travel from one state to another to meet others and from this they can get information about other fellow citizens. of other peoples of the country.
Before cutting down the trees, the Bpndapara Range Officers of Kamrup West Division on 12/7/2023 sent a notice to Juning Marak, the headman of this village, to say that this land belongs to the Assam Forest Department, which is under Nampahar.
During the discussion, some of them said that the cause of the traffic jam is due to the lack of compliance with the laws of the taxi drivers. who drives the taxi.
: The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng on Thursday submitted a letter to the District Veterinary Officer of East Khasi Hills District proposing to provide assistance scheme to the farmers who are skilled in the field of farming in Mawryngkneng.
At present, Meghalaya has been used as a transit point by the Assam insurgents like the ULFA and the NDFB, and this insurgency is not limited to Garo Hills but is spreading. to the whole state.
he said to the Dkhar.
The report will be submitted to the House in April this year.
The party cannot rely on the investigations by the state government and the party still admits that there are facts that the prime minister wants to use the party in the 2018 elections.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has tested positive for COVID-19 from East Khasi Hills District. There is no hospital in East Khasi Hills District.
The KSU urges all law enforcement agencies not to accept applications from people who want to set up coal mining factories. The presence of these factories to pollute the environment.
The selection of nurses was through the Overseas Nursing Job Fair which was held last year in Shillong.
Everyone says this , our leaders are also worried that we have died because we cannot sell coal anymore , the District Council 's budget and the state government are starting to ringsti We have been working in coal for decades and we don't remember to protect the environment which provides for our daily needs and we don't remember that we affect the livelihood of others. Sunapur, Borkhat, Kharkhan, Pyrsadwar, Kwator, Dem Lakang, Pdeng Wah Khynriam, Kharkhana, Pasadwar, Lumpyngngad and other villages. They didn't hunt and sell it in the market to earn a living.
The HYC cannot fail to congratulate the government from the CM, Dy CM, all the ministers and MLAs. .
According to the estimates, the weight of palat for Class I to Class II is 1.5 kilos, Class III to Class V is 2 to 3 kilos, Class VII Class VII is 4 kilos, Class VIII and IX is heavy 4.5 kilos and class X weight is 5 kilos.
Shillong, June 27: Following the petrol bomb blast at the house of the Chief Secretary, Sniawbhalang Dhar, the village leaders of Nartiang Constituency have come forward to strongly condemn the incident.
“The profit of MeECL is not less than T.80 to T.110 crore but it is sad to see that the management of MeECL has not been able to release the salaries of its employees. The union has decided to strike from the 11th of every month,” he said.
The pilots of the plane were Captain K Rama Rao, Wing Commander Amiya Kant Patnaik, Wing Commander K Trivedi and Squadron Ldr L. Nayak.
Last year, BSC.C&CJV Company started the construction of the National Highway 44(E) Shillong Tura and has completed about 2 kilometers of the road. three months to the city center of Nongstoin but unfortunately it has not been completed yet.
The KKHA said that it will work hard to crack down on these people who come from abroad to destroy the jaidbynriew.
"We would like to thank this young man for his help to the residents of the village with stones in order to facilitate the travel of the farmers, and we wish him all the best to reach the “It's a good idea,” said Samla Leonard Rabon, President of the Iooksi Pyllun Village Authority.
Joycy quickly understood the working methods of the company and was able to deliver goods faster to people's homes in Guwahati.
The Railway Ministry of India has decided to fight against these drug traffickers and to free the country from drug trafficking. Railways have worked hard to fight against these illegal trade.
In its petition, the union also expressed its surprise over the NORCET-5 examination conducted for Nursing Officers in the past few months, in which there are 194 posts for Nursing Officers. nurses and out of these 175 posts have gone to men from other states and only 17 to women.
He said that this tax has been implemented since 2010 and now it is time to increase it according to the passage of time.
