This is according to a statement sent by the two Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Gliter Rymbai of Wapungshnong and Bah Satly Ryngkhlem of Wapungskur.
Regarding the payment of roads from the National Highways, the National Highway Authorities of India have been directed to improve the roads and the Deputy Commissioners of all Districts have been directed to look into this. crane and officers were not allowed to work.
The four traders were from Phulbari village while they were on their way to Kantanagre village under Dadenggre sub-division, about 40 km from Tura when the incident happened at 7 pm.
The KSU has turned to the Sohra Police Station to demand an answer from the police on the arrest of the two members of the KSU. They were involved in the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
The total number of cases in the state is 562, East Khasi Hills 462, BSF 277, civilians 167 and army
The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) strongly opposes this demand and does not agree with the demand and request of the KPPC to the Assam government to provide these services to the people of Assam. The Assam government department in Meghalaya, which cannot be done at all.
The states of south India do not need the Congress or the BJP but they do not need the same party.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Meghalaya, today said that the government has already sent an inquiry into the suspension of Rongara-Siju MLA Rophul S Marak and The death of Bah Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Unroi.
On the other hand, the construction of the road from Jorabad to Umiam has been suspended for many months and it was only on the 12th of this month that the machines which had been installed on the side of the road have started working again. .
Following the recommendation of the committee appointed regarding the withdrawal of AFSPA in various areas, the recognition has been withdrawn from 15 places under the tempulit in 7 districts from
This year, up to 12 Rots have been brought to Aitnar. After the Rots arrived, the Khnong Blai came down and destroyed all the Rots.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: The Union of Village Youth Organisations, South West Khasi Hills District in joint efforts to celebrate World Environment Week 2016 under the leadership of Kong R.Lyngdoh, DC, Tree Planting Program in Villages and Schools of Mawkyrwat.
This improvement is one of the reasons for the stability in the price of oil during the increase in the price of oil that we have seen last year.
MPCC President Dr DD Lapang has not been able to take any decision regarding the party and Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader of the Parliamentary Party. he does whatever he wants not to listen to what they are saying.
As is well known, all this is a political exploitation led by the HSPDP, which declared during the elections that it is a party that will protect the culture and traditions of the people. .
He said that 100% hard work is not enough for all of us to achieve 100% victory. He urged us to work hard whether it is physically or mentally. also mentally so that we can achieve victory.
Meghalaya has a total area of ​​22,429 sq. km and a population of 29,64,0
Except for some areas under the Shillong Municipality, the entire state is included in the District Councils.
Speaking to party workers in Jowai, he said that he has a special feeling for the North East and Meghalaya and this has been since the time of his mother and father. His visit to Meghalaya was to understand the state better.
He said that this bridge at Mawkhnai River is very important because the old bridge has put the people in great trouble and danger.
Regarding the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road, it was decided to conduct a joint inspection on the first day between the PWD, Cantonment Board, NHIDCL and the residents to see whether the land acquisition will affect the residents. The NHIDCL has already paid the land fee.
Shillong, March 16: U Bah Phrikshon Kharshiing has introduced another new book to the nation.
Urging the people to take full part in the voting, Kumar urged the citizens of the country to exercise their rights conferred by the Constitution of India by participating. in the counting of votes, so that the voice of each other can be heard and counted together.
Prime Minister Duh spoke about the Government of India's commitment to further strengthen the friendship and cooperation between Bhutan and India.
And they should be removed from their leadership because of these illegal acts.
“If it is found that there are people who hire children under this age, the penalty for the employers is a fine of T.10,000/- tyngka,” said the Commissioner in charge of children. bill.
The KSU hopes that the people of Ri Bhoi District will continue to improve in the fields of sports, education, employment in any field. to continue to strive so that they can reach different levels in their education or any other field so that they can be an example to future generations.
Also present on the occasion were Dundee Khongsit President FKJGP, Former President Gilbert Laloo and others who were invited by the Road Construction Department.
The Minister briefed on the legal affairs in Meghalaya and how the judiciary functions in the state.
To achieve the goal that Meghalaya needs electricity, we have to understand and look into the equipment that can generate electricity,” said Mondal.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke on development projects related to electricity connectivity to facilitate life and business.
The Chief Minister was speaking at Mann Ki Baat on a letter written by the Governor of Meghalaya, Shanmuganthan, regarding a village known as Mawlynnong which has been dedicated for many years to the work of you are clean.
The total number of cases so far is 706, the number of those who have tested positive for COVID-19 is 95909, the number of recoveries is 93592, the number of recoveries is after.
The meeting also directed the police to expedite the clearance of all the outstanding cases, at the same time there should be no prejudice against the perpetrators.
The visit to the Meghalaya government will be before the state government meets with the Assam government and the government should ensure that the border talks with the Assam government should also take the approval of District Councils.
The Chief Minister and the Advocate General also held separate talks with the officials of the Ministry of Coal in the presence of the Additional Secretary and Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Coal. conversation.
The forum also elected four vice chairpersons: JC Diengngan of MMOEF, Philip Pala of JCMDA, S. Marak of Nangalbibra and James Sohbar of Shahlang.
According to the Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Tura, Sr.
The department is committed to continue their efforts to achieve 100% coverage of SNGs in our schools and expressed gratitude to all the stakeholders who participated and played a key role to achieve this massive increase in SNGs.
According to the rules that have been established and conducted as stipulated by the Khasi language speakers in all cases.
The T20 conference, known as “Nature Solutions: A New Framework for Our Sustainable Future”, will serve as a forum for the G20 by bringing together think tanks and experts to discuss policies in line with the at the G20.
Of the four MDCs who have been confirmed, Fantin Joseph Lakadong of the Congress party, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong of the PDF, while two other MDCs from the Congress party are still in talks.
He urged all the rulers and the children of the thousands from the Dorbars, the Dorbars, the Dorbars, the Dorbars, the children of the thousands from the land of Hynniewtrep.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday evening visited the residence of Nafisabeth to pay tribute to her under the leadership of the General Secretary. James Mawphniang in the presence of members of KSU Umiam Circle and KSU Byrwa Unit.
Regarding the shortage of staff in the office of the Water Supply Department, the officers have been directed to send a request for more personnel to be recruited in the office. provide training on how to conserve water sources and properly implement schemes.
The Tourism Department has started the construction of seating areas around the area where these stones are located which has not been completed till today. the village.
The Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is fighting as hard as it can to ensure that no part of the country is left behind, he said.
There are 369 candidates contesting the MLA election from 59 constituencies in the state. Sohiong has been postponed due to the death of UDP candidate Bah HDR. The priest did not go to the door of the house.
This was announced by Dr VK Paul, Member (Health), NITI Aayogha at the launch of the WHO report on the benefits that the HarGharJal program has brought to India, here today.
This responsibility should be shared by the 130 crore citizens of India.
According to the ejahar, the robber has raped the girl many times since 2017 at her residence when she was alone.
Sangma graduated from the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI), India, where he specialized in Directing and Screenplay Writing.
The calendar 2024 reflects the social, economic and economic changes that have brought about in the lives of the people of India through policies that focus on the welfare of the people.
Police have recovered 35 rounds of dynamite, 100 rounds of rounds, four ryntih and 15 knives. All these were seized by the police in the presence of witnesses from the public. all shall be brought to justice.
Aradonga CP 5.
The MHRC has registered a complaint against Suo Motu and sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State to explain within three days. before 30January2024.
Teachers M.Sohtun, M.Nongkynrih and others were also present at the school.
The AJYWO Central Body and the AJYWO East Jaintia Zone have submitted a petition to the State Government through the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to express their strong opposition to the proposal to implement the The railway line is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
They requested the police to search for them so that they can issue a letter regarding the Reservation Policy.
The temporary office of the office was temporarily moved to a house in Wapungskur village in October
According to the website of the MSPCB, the HITO has alleged that it has violated two rules, but what it does not know is whether the state government has issued a written notice or not at the time that the court has violated the rules. At the head of India, it has sent to the States and Union Territories a number of wildlife sanctuaries near the dewbilat factories.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said after the Cabinet meeting that the views of all political parties have been included in the amendment to the Office Memorandum issued to him. of January 2022.
Shillong, June 20: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday appealed to the Village Authorities to cooperate with the state government in the fight against the spread of COVID-1 19 in the state.
The HANM Women's Wing has arrested the child and handed him over to the police. He is currently at MIMHANS, Lawmali, Shillong.
He said that government departments do not issue announcements to the media, where they do not implement the Information, Education and Communication (IEC) policy of the Government of India.
The KSU requests all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to give their full support to Lawsohtun.
Sangma, Finance Secy- Netson M.Sangma, Organizing Secy- Friensens B.Marak, Asst.Organizing Secy- Gabrel Ch.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The General Secretary of the Ka Sur u Paidbah Kabri Hynniewtrep, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, today said that the party has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take a decision. Speaking to reporters, the KSUP leader said that the KSUP has sent a letter to the government to provide treatment to the patients. Kuraklang said that they express their gratitude to the government as Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has introduced the COVID-19 case into the country. MHIS, but what the KSUP wants is that the government should treat those who have COVID-19 through this MHIS card. For taxi drivers and parking lot employees to help them because many owners are not allowed to come to work in their homes and vehicles without earning any money.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, MCCEU President Shanlang Diengdoh said that the meeting with the Chief Minister was fruitful and they accept the proposal of the Chief Minister. that the government will release the money this November.
The suspect, aged about 35, was found in the forest of the GSI office opposite the Gorkha Higher Secondary School.
Speaking as the chief guest at the launch of the book, the Chief Minister said that the book is in line with the present era because of the lack of appreciation for these things.
The closure of the dewbilat factory and the closure of small businesses by selling shyiap and maw has affected the income.
“There is nothing wrong with you.
Shillong, March 02: To mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mawsynram Gandhi, a cleanliness drive was held at Mawsynram CHC today under the leadership of MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang together with the residents.
The unanimous voice that came out of this meeting was that for the first time the committee has been together since we learned that the government through the State Sports Council has issued the work order.
Pynshngaiñ Syiem, Deputy Chief Executive Member (KHADC) who was the chief guest on the occasion, said that the garbage truck was stolen. The District Council has allocated funds for the purchase of funds through the Tied Grant for the year 2020-21 from the Finance Commission.
The BSF also recovered a Tata Sumo (ML-07B-3087) from him.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Rangli Juki Thma demands a complete stop to the mining of uranium in the state and joins hands with the organizations, groups and residents of South West and West Khasi Hills Districts. It is very serious, besides that as citizens we have faced and faced problems, dangers and injuries caused by the mining and exploitation of other minerals such as coal, mining and others, which have destroyed the environment and seriously affected human life.
Meghalaya has added 145 new polling stations and this increase will bring the total number of polling stations in Meghalaya to 3335 by election to elect leaders.
Besides, it is unfortunate that before signing the MoU, the Meghalaya government has not informed or supported the Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars and the two District Councils.
On the other hand, the JSU Mukhap Unit has requested the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills who is also the Chairman of the District Health Society to take action and fight against this issue so that the patients who come from rural areas and those who come from rural areas. They are not able to get immediate assistance and treatment at this CHC.
Shillong, Lber 29: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District today held a celebration for the MP election at Golfflink. “Your vote is precious” On this day there were many games to entertain the people who came to this day, the games included point games, coin toss , kyng dieng, kawang maw, on this day there were also singers to entertain the audience.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing and General Secretary W Thabah left the CSWO. The court ordered them to appoint their Muktiar and to deliver a speech. to the court in writing.
The salary of the Security Adviser will be T.75,000/- per month, there will also be the salary of TA and DA according to the rules laid down by the Government. government.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The President of the Greater Iewdhu Welfare Association (GIWA) on Tuesday expressed her gratitude to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for visiting the market. The prime minister has a response to the market.
In the final, Silver Lee won the title after scoring the first goal in the first half.
The boundary of the new police station is as follows: To the east, Korhadem borders Karbi Anglong District in Assam. Assam, from Lamalong village it will continue to the northeast of Karbi Anglong District and to the west it will meet the Assam border until it reaches Mawlasdiang village.
Shillong, March 18: Twelve persons including two children were injured in a road accident at Mawiong this morning at about 3.40 pm.
“We have sent about seven letters and met with the government on this, but it has not responded yet.
I have told the MLA that if he runs the golf club we will oppose and if he does not own this land and if he runs the golf club himself, the village will oppose,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
In another incident in South Garo Hills, a man was hit by a truck while walking at Batabari village.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said, “While the government authorities together with the family members of the area are looking for ways to prevent injuries, at the same time, the The government authorities have ordered to provide assistance to those families who have been affected by this tragic incident”.
The two women were identified as Primala Hajong and Rimi Bhadra from Betgora village under Danger Police Station. They received Bangladesh currency from a Bangladeshi smuggler known as Hamid.
U Bah RK Rymbai After this as an RTI applicant on 3rd August
The injured include Vanlal Siama, 30, PC Lawthanjer, 28, Zomun Sanga, 25, who was also the driver of the Sumo.
In addition, when the Khasi were milking, they used to pyllon the shun in their shympriah kti together with the story to drive away the saboit which is the evil spirit that falls from the people to make them sick until they die. .
The Seng once again appeals to the Government not to immediately remove the Medical & Health Officer from the CHC as there is no confidence from many churches in the past few days as the Seng has received many complaints. The Seng demands that the CHC should be provided according to the needs of the Seng and the Seng demands that the government should not judge any matter or even criticize it. “If the Government does not do anything on this issue, the Seng will take other measures to protest against this issue,” she said. FKJGP Mawsynram in a press release.
She said that the door for peace talks with the State Government is still open for the HNLC. She said that the arrest of Bah Storgy by the police has nothing to say about the talks. This is the answer to the questions.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said it is the duty of the government to provide protection to the residents.
The CEM of KHADC explained that the KHADC has the authority to enact and implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 just as it has enacted and implemented the Indian Christian Marriage Act,
Regarding our complaint, the Registration Authority of KHADC has sent a letter dated 8th May, 2023 to the Under Secretary, Social Welfare Department. Government of Meghalaya, to clarify and urge the relevant authorities not to issue ST certificates which is in violation of the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act, 1997 and the Rules that have been made,” he said. Bah Synrem.
In a letter submitted to the Minister of Transport, we have expressed that we want to pay the permit and pay tax through the Government and we don't want to go through any company,” said Bah Nongkynrih. “We want to be self-employed and earn for ourselves.
They were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
In this regard, Reniktone said that he will talk to the company to increase the allocation and reduce the salary and the training will be within the district and not in Guwahati.
Although the LAjon has lost in the home game, it has the hope of improving.
Also, MSMEs have received support during the pandemic where 1.5 crore jobs have been protected.
The employees of the Parmaw Mahajons in Ri Lum Khasi do not need to obtain a license because they have been brought in by the Khar Mahajons who bought the Mahajons in East Pakistan in the past.
The distribution of medicines is part of the fight against the spread of COVID-19 in the state and the village is one of the containment zones recognized by the government.
At the same time, the Chief Minister hoped that the government would think about it and hoped that they would not bring the CAB in the House now.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Bah Lamiki Khongdkhar has been elected as the new Sordar of Raid Mawshun Village by defeating Bah Joy Khongmawloh by 145 votes in the election held on Saturday.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Vincent H Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government should appoint a team to investigate the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP). it should not have a political side, before taking the decision to implement or reject it.
Regarding this complaint, the KSU Sohra Circle has visited the Civil Sub Division Sohra to meet with the SDO Civil Sub Division Bah A Mukhim in the presence of the SDO PWD and JE PWD. who is the Roads of the Khatarshnong Area.
Shillong, November 19: The Don Bosco Pupils Association ( Don Bosco Pupils Association ) will hold an Evening Christmas meeting for the alumni of Don Bosco Schools at different places. cathering" will be held on the 22nd November 2016 at Don Bosco Technical School, Laitumkhrah Shillong at 2.30 pm.
I congratulate all the players.
New PACS were also named under the Act.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he would like to thank all his supporters who have elected him as MLA and said that as a government minister he will do his best to serve the people of the country. Mawkyrwat and the state as a whole.
The injured were identified as Romilin Nongrum, 23, Dilinti Nongrum, 27, and Donborlang Marwein, 35, from Markasa PHC. Mawlaisyiem is located in the West Khasi Hills.
Whereas rule (2) of rule 185 states that if a motion referred to in rule (1) is passed by the House, the Secretary of the House shall notify by issuing a notice. notice in the Government Gazette and this notice shall be sent in writing to the Governor of the State and to the Election Commission.
Shillong, July 30: Total number of nominations for the MLA election to be held on the 23rd of June has risen to
“There is a motive to arrest (the four residents).
About 314 participants came from various NGOs, members of the press, Nursing Schools, Health Organisations, Colleges and Universities.
In another incident, Abdul Hakim Sheikh, 35, raped a 14-year-old girl who was in poverty. Police have arrested the suspect from Didram of Chengalma village under Bajengdoba police station.
BJP, India and Sniawbhalang Dkhar INC will contest from Nartiang.
He said that the authority of the village is in the MLA to change the schemes even if they have already been sent and he can send another one.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister said that the opening of the new district today shows that the MDA government is now putting the people first without any discrimination. you are a religious difference.
Thus, e-commerce, IT, data and call centres, online training will continue.
He said that the Maheswari which has explored uranium in this area has not covered the wells that it has already mined. The Maheswari Company in Phodkud has been affected by the floods.
“We trust the State Government and that is why we did not come out to protest but we cannot accept the Mynti's statement that ASHAs receive T.5000,” she said.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, spoke to the Union Minister to set up an Information Technology Hub in Meghalaya, a food processing plant and a food processing plant. Meghalaya as one of the tourist destinations for the development of income of Meghalaya.
This year's ceremony was conducted by Deming Nongkhlaw. The ceremony was held by Minister Sohtun to slaughter the cow and slaughter the blang. he was appointed by the Minister of Kharkngor.
The purpose of the Data Information Center is to collect information and statistics from agencies that can provide information and that can develop predictive tools,” said Conrad.
Speaking at the MKB, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the launch of 4G internet services in Jorsing, Siang district, Arunachal Pradesh, after years of waiting.
The topic to be discussed at the CPA meeting is on environmental damage, transportation connectivity, roads, airports, waterways and railways. What they are talking about now is that the central government will know the problems of this area.
The MMDR Act, 1957 was amended in 2015 to bring about certain changes in the activities related to the exploitation of mineral resources and the most important of these is the auction system for the supply of minerals. concession to bring transparency in the allocation of natural resources.
They were accompanied by MDC of Mawhati Constituency Bah Charles Marngar who expressed his gratitude to the CEM for his visit. villages between the border with Assam.
The students who will sit for the Class 10 and Class 12 examinations are preparing for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations to be held in April.
According to this Act, those under the age of 18 years are considered children.
According to sources, the central government has allocated four JNV schools in Meghalaya and these will go to the newly created districts. These Central Government Schools should be located in all Districts.
“The action of the MUA-II government to relocate the Wapung C&RD Block from Wapung only after 8 months of its opening, has caused confusion and division among the people of the area. This is the block,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President, AJYWO Central Body.
Those who attended the ceremony included the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh O. Pyngrope and Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, members of the JPK and others. member of the Women's Association.
The Chief Minister said that this issue of foreign relations is the responsibility of the Central Government through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Central Government after receiving the request from the Chief Minister of the State.
Replying to a question on the generation of electricity in the state, James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity, said the government has already signed with 10 companies to They have been producing electricity in the state since 2012 and are currently in Techno Economic Clearance.
u ma Phriscus Treasure (INC) of Rally, 19.
There are 14 recoveries, 66 critical cases, 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills. West Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills
This is completely wrong.
The Commission has emphasized on the seizure of drugs and other intoxicants.
The District Social Welfare Office, Mawkyrwat today held a public meeting to explain the dangers of drug abuse. The meeting was held at St Vianney Auditorium, Nativity. Mawkyrwat.
Members of the HITO raided Mawkyrwat market and arrested 18 drug addicts and two drug traffickers.
He said the protests have hindered the development of the state in terms of economic development and other benefits of the people of the state as a whole.
If the government takes action in this regard, there will be no children who will leave this area to study abroad in the North East. The youth of this region will go to other parts of India for various studies.
These members were welcomed by MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh and General Secretary John F Kharshiing. Kennedy Khyriem, President of the Congress District, has been appointed as the President of the Congress.
Six cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills, four from Ri Bhoi, one from West Garo Hills. Bhoi 2 people.
The AJYWO also urges the District Councils, Dorbar Shnongs and the indigenous people of Meghalaya to take action against this in their respective villages, townships and communities and not to allow it at all. to any foreigners to enter illegally into their villages, villages and townships"
This was stated by JSU Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang.
Referring to the demand for the implementation of the NRC in the state, the Chief Minister said that the state government cannot do anything in this regard as it is the responsibility of the central government. it is with the citizens.
According to these Office Memoranda and Directives, in Meghalaya, the reservation is only 1% for Scheduled Castes, 44% for Scheduled Tribes and 5% for Other Backward Classes.
The state government will release T.1.4 crore to support youth who wish to apply for the IAS post, of which T.95 lakh will not come from the Chief Minister Career Guidance.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Two youths from Shillong have lost their lives in the Synranghati River at Pynursla village in East Khasi Hills District today. .
Speaking to media, Matsiewdor War said that the department has collected counts of 2,777 people from 1st to 16th July. residents of Meghalaya who have been affected by the outbreak of heavy rains and storms in the state.
In this regard, the KSU has sent a letter of protest to the Minister in charge Bah Comingone Ymbon on 24th June 2019 and the KSU has also received a letter from the Dorbar Shnong on 15th October that the village had not given the NOC to change the name of the road.
Total number of voters from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency was 619219 and out of these 10942 voters did not play the piano but voted in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. NOTA, you don't want to be faithful to anyone.
She said that the Government has reduced and streamlined the tax rates and therefore under the current tax collection system, people do not have to pay tax if their income is less than T.7 lakh.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of KHNAM from 17-Shillong North Constituency on Tuesday said that the government should convene a special session to discuss the Presidential Order There were 53 ethnic groups in Meghalaya at the time of independence.
Police have taken the leader to court today where they have received a verdict and police can detain him for four days for further investigation.
Shillong, July 29: The Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today said that the government will appoint the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission within six months.
Four programs were recognized for the award.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that no report has been received yet regarding the damage to houses in the country. you are in Jirang.
On the 30/12/2020, which is the anniversary of the death of the hero of the nation, CoMSO will hold a national holiday on this day. fight for ILP in Meghalaya.
That left Mawlai leading 2-1 and the scoreline remained that way until 20 minutes into the second half when a defensive mistake allowed Kevin to slot in for Mawlai’s third goal of the day.
The President of the HNYF Women's Wing, Beti, said that as women, they are filled with sorrow and despair over the speech of Phatimai Kharbhih. They are mysteries, street dwellers and daily poets.
The Syiem and the Dorbar invite all the children of Hynniewtrep to attend this day as a sign of unity to strengthen the spirit of patriotism as led by the Khla. wait your country.
The 14Finance Commission has requested the 14Finance Commission to provide assistance of up to T.50,000. This is the request of the state government as there are still many tasks that the government has to do. for the sake of the people.
The Constitution of the Kur Rynjah should be amended if necessary – There should be a Rynjah Development Board/Society registered as a Society or a civil society within the office and within the Kur Rynjah Development Society. the Meghalaya Registration Act
Prosonto Basumatary is one of 17 Indians who will take part in the world championships.
This will provide an opportunity to share findings and best practices and also to shape climate change adaptation in the coming years.
To release the compensation for the year 2019-20, the remainder of the revenue collected for the year 2017-18 and 2018-19 was used.
The Seng has also suggested to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, that if there are youths, after passing the NEET exams, if they reach the level of eligibility for the All India Quota, the same should be done. to allow, so that there will be more young people from the state who will be able to train in the field of medicine.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Twenty-four members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today surrendered in front of the Chief Secretary of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA). in the state of KS Crop.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Michael Syiem said that this is the time to force the government to have a strong law against corruption. here.
On this occasion, the former office bearers, under the leadership of Bah Linus Marbaniang as former president and Bah Joel Marbaniang as secretary and all the former office bearers were also congratulated.
The Minister also stressed on the need for investment by individuals and private sectors.
On the other hand, the MLA also urged the MCWO to consider opening a consultation centre, a training center in various fields.
MeECL has promised to install solar panels in all the households of this village before the month of June and also to ring electricity in this village as soon as possible. can.
The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra under the leadership of Ma Khamsngurbha Pohing as Rangbah Shnong has expressed its gratitude to the State Government and also to the Minister of Transportation Bah HDR Lyngdoh for taking the initiative to complete this task properly. It is the duty as a leader to look after the needs that will benefit the Government, especially to bring about a closer relationship between the villages and the Government.
“We have registered the names of the smugglers by issuing them Identity Cards and we have strictly controlled the entry and exit of Marten.
When dividing the amount of money, the police department has estimated that there is T.9,00,18,149/- crore.
Finally, the Seng would like to congratulate the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar for getting this large and beautiful hall and also through this statement the Seng requests the support of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole for the part. The national security demands are the happiness of the present and the future.
In another development, the union has sent a letter to the General Manager of MCAB to urge the bank to install its ATM at its branch in Mawsynram.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Three persons were seriously injured and others injured when a sumo coming from Guwahati to Shillong overturned at Quinine in Ri Bhoi District.
The event was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs Prestone Tynsong, MLA R Momin, DGP Idashisha Nongrang, MDC Gigur Myrthong and Police Officers. .
To Animesh Jain, Chief Delivery Officer – India & Americas [24]7.
Regarding the Aqua Mission which has cost up to T.340 crore, the MSPB will continue to follow up on this project as according to the report, up to 25,000 fish farms have been constructed. it is bad rep you riang.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the Cabinet today has decided to increase the assistance to the families of the victims. The cost of living for the country has been increased from T.7.5 lakh to T.15 lakh and for the injured from T.1 lakh to T.5 lakh. public T.2 lakh.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The number of people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 13,24,165, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said.
The State Election Committee of the UDP will meet on Tuesday before the meeting of the RDA. KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait and former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin have applied for tickets from the UDP to contest the election.
All this clearly shows that this government cannot govern.
He also spoke about the benefits of the TOPS (Target Olympic Podium Scheme) which we are seeing now.
At this celebration and thanksgiving for the 100th Anniversary of St Mary's Church, Rt.
The soskular approved to start the work was signed on 22.02.2024 and the work started on
Meghalaya.
This has upset the Jirang Block Congress Committee, the office bearers of the Block as a whole, including the Mahila Block Congress, Youth Congress and all the party workers of the Jirang Block Congress.
From these three passengers, police recovered 40 soap boxes containing heroin worth T.3.6 crore, 9.031 kilos of Ganja and 4 mobile phones.
Speaking to reporters at the Press Club in Shillong today in the presence of Syiem Pa,im Freenam Sing Syiem, Syiem Khynnah and Ministers of the Hima, Bah Rymmai Secretary said that The High Court of the State shall be in accordance with the rules.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The mid-term MLA elections in all three constituencies in Meghalaya have been announced today to elect new MLAs to fill the vacancies.
This report is on the demands of the union including the release of new salary and arrear for the financial year 2016-17 which has been approved by the Project Approval Board (PAB) issued by the State Education Mission Director (SMD) on 31st March last year with effect from 1st June
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Chairperson of the AICC, Supriya Shrinate, on Tuesday said that the BJP's promise to appoint a Special Task Force under the leadership of a retired Supreme Court judge to investigate the cases of The Chairperson of the AICC said that the people of the state want to know what they have done. The BJP has understood that it cannot win anything in Meghalaya, therefore the announcement of the Special Task Force is to “It's just a joke to intimidate the small parties,” said Supriya Shrinate.
It is during these days that they remind the people that the food and drink will not be used with the present equipment but like the old days.
In his speech, the MLA of Baghmara, Samuel Sangma, recalled the great works that the Chief Minister has done for the entire Baghmara Constituency.
When it was built it was understood that it would weigh more than 100 tonnes this is not a building like other houses, but this is happening now but they will make sure that they continue this work, in what happened They have handed over the case to an independent team to investigate and if any errors are found, they will be punished.
Public awareness campaigns have also been conducted in 3,500 villages in the urban areas through these campaigns.
If there are people who are abroad from this state who want to come back this state is the responsibility of the central government. The State Government has done what it needs to do.
JETS 24×7 which provides services through motorcycles and passengers can use the mobile app led by Samla Pynskhemlang W.Uriah as Managing Director was launched by the Editor of the Shillong Times on 19th July, 2023 at Shillong Press Club.
Shillong, Oct 05: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has received complaints from journalists in different districts of the state. the number of private TouTubers who go around gathering news.
During the meeting, they also discussed the MP elections to the Lok Sabha and MDC elections in Meghalaya. discussion, most of the discussion is to further strengthen the party.
Urging the people to be vigilant, he said, “We must be vigilant.
New Delhi, Nailur 03: India is now the fastest growing economy among the G-20 countries. India is now the world's largest smartphone data consumer.
According to the decision of the BAC, the session will end on Friday, 14th October 2019. The decision will be taken in the House tomorrow. The House of Representatives shall accept this decision.
It is a collaboration of many groups working on this issue who have dedicated themselves to work towards achieving a meaningful and sustainable goal, expressing the urgent need to reduce this. and can save the lives of about 1.35 million people each year.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held a special celebration to commemorate its 45th anniversary.
It has been seen that if the ILP is brought into parliament it will not work.
The most expensive prize for a computer went to Shakorika Das and Prahlad Dutta.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has ordered the ban on the cleaning of vehicles in the Umiew River from Maw-U-Sam to Smit.
Shillong, July 18: The JSU today sent a letter to the NGT and the MoEF&CC to cancel the environmental clearance of Star Cement issued by the MoEF&CC from Delhi.
The Rangbah Shnongs and residents affected by the pollution of the company have demanded that the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi and even the District Council should shut down the company, he said.
Chairman of the Village Employment Council (VEC), Bah A War, said that in 2016, the village had requested permission from the PWD to allow the construction of a footpath from the PWD land. The PWD has issued a written permission to build the footpath.
What attracted those who attended the festival were other ethnic groups.
It is suspected that the robbers took advantage of the same day to rob the two foreigners.
Besides the sentence, the court also ordered the father of the robber to pay a fine of T.3,00,000 lakh to the victim.
These hostels were built at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) and the hostel is exclusively for female students from the North East at Bengaluru University.
In the MLA election to be held on 27th June, he will leave the Congress party.
Regarding your statement that “As the years and months go by, the people do not trust the party” is an attempt to mislead the people.
The residents of Wahkhen village who have the same interest are urged not to participate this year but those who have other intentions are not allowed.
According to the advertisement published on 9th July, 2023 many posts are available for various Jobs but the application process is so slow that even the applicants do not get any information about the selection of you are the recipient.
The Government will not provide land but those who develop this project will have to buy the land themselves.
He said that Meghalaya Police were also present at the scene but due to the overcrowding of Assam Police and to avoid injury to women and children who were present at that time, the work was suspended. Assam police have also left the village.
Shillong, November 22: The District Administration of Shillong (HNLC) on Tuesday said that everyone has been informed that the HNLC has called a 12 hour curfew this morning. opposed by all religious parties, it is sad to see that the curfew has been called at such a time.
There are 38 villages in Meghalaya near Mawthum and Bangladesh, out of which 6 villages have already been cleared from the border, one is under construction and 12 villages are waiting for the clearance. permission from the BGB and 19 fall in areas that are yet to be acquired.
Indian industries related to these such as those working in plastics, stone and jewelry, will benefit through the arrival of lower priced goods.
Besides the lack of parking spaces in Shillong, the government has allowed foreign vehicles to enter the villages which has affected the income of the state residents.
The play tells the story of a woman named Anyoinette Cosway, also known as Bertha Mason; the first wife of Edward Rochester.
To assist the vaccination programme, Dr Jitendra Singh said that vaccination centers have been set up in North Block in collaboration with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
“Furthermore, we hope that the Government will refrain from misusing the resignation of Bah Jyrwa but to put forward the peace talks.
During the inspection, it was found that there are about 40 houses which have been closed and some are open but most of them are occupied by women.
Of Karnataka and other professors of the National Law School.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatrala was inaugurated by the Prime Minister on 15th November from Khunti, Jharkhand to fully deliver the benefits of central government schemes across the country.
Only two of them were killed and the other was not killed.
Without wanting to be named, the Mawshun traders have already registered their names with the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills, but when they went to check, they said that there is no shallan. shallan did not explain to the office.
Jowai, Naitung 02: The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra welcomes and thanks the State Government for its efforts to establish a Transportation Office which is the office to look after the transportation of vehicles passing through the Ratacherra. or the NH-44 which passes through Ratacherra village on the border of the State to connect other States like Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur.
Balawan said that the Seng will not interfere in this matter , but in the coming days the Seng will meet with the government authorities to demand that the government should immediately stop this issue the Government of Assam.
“We also discussed the demand of the people of Block-2 to return the land to Meghalaya.
In another operation, troops of 4th Bn and 193th Bn BSF Meghalaya also seized 30 cattle near the International border, while being smuggled to Bangladesh.
The Union Minister of State for Finance, Pankaj Chaudhury, said that India's economy is growing rapidly and a large part of this growth is due to agriculture. air.
The women who took part in the tournament were honored in two parts, Divine Mercy Jingisynei Jingblei and Zone Meeting. Speech by Sohblei Festus Shadap on the preservation of the cleanliness of the environment where women should honor the environment because it provides food for mankind.
On the other hand, the union said that it will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor this issue, so that it will benefit us the people of the state.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) has clarified that the MHIS is valid only from the date of registration. Shillong, Jymmang 31: In sympathy to our fellow citizens, fellow countrymen who have been facing difficulties during these times of Covid 19 pandemic. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 31st June 2021 has handed over the school building which has been running by itself. by the Seng to the Lawsohtun Village Council.
The introduction of laws that can protect the livelihoods of the indigenous people is the most important development for the development of the state as a whole.
The office bearers of FKJGP East Jaintia Hill are Merald Suting as President, Welking Swer Vice President, Deihok Sumer General Secretary, Assistant General Secretary Johnlang Bamon and Organizing Secretary Philip Rymbai.
The President said that in public administration there is a new Constitution to ensure that the Constitution falls in all areas and the drafters of the Constitution have already set out the parts for future generations. can bring about change over time.
On the other hand, the people who went to apply for the passes, waited at the place until they got the pass because these people who applied for the passes had to go to work during the curfew. in the city of Shillong.
According to the BSF investigation, the man said that the money was used to smuggle into the Indian market.
On this occasion, the height of the participants was measured and the rules and regulations related to the competition were explained by the organizers of SFS. .On this occasion, there were also models who will come to be trained to become the performers of the Miss Shillong 2016 pageant.
The NH-61 from Dalu to Baghmara to Siju has been prepared at a cost of T.950 crore. The road from Ranikor to Mahadeo and Maheskhla is 129 km long at a cost of T.950 crore. .1200 crores.
Speaking on the occasion, the President Rangbah of KSU CEC, Samla Lambok, urged the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit to serve the community in collaboration with the community and to look after the welfare of the community. Laitumkhrah is a village that has been mixed with other ethnic groups.
Replying to questions raised by the media, he said that today he cannot answer anything because he has just won and when he takes over the post he will see what is needed. eh to do for the Constituency.
“Due to the poor preparation of the state CUET examination, many students have not been able to perform well due to administrative difficulties.
According to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the COVID-19 pandemic should have shocked people and should have been accepted by all.
The Shillong Airport has suddenly shaken and those at the airport have been shocked by the earthquake. This is the first time in the new year
The Chief Minister and the Symbut Chief Minister have met with the President, the Finance Minister of India and today the Symbut President of India to congratulate them on their return. in the Government of Meghalaya.
The group congratulates all the MPs, Chief Ministers, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, parties, Sengbhalang from within and outside the Bri u Hynniewtrep, Dorbar Trai Ri, NGOs, civil society. the public and all those who opposed this bill.
There is a tradition that the Khasi are a people who came to this area more than 45,000 years ago when they migrated throughout Asia and parts of Europe. to come up and down to these areas where you are now living.
The letter also stated that the NPP and UDP are also part of the Northeast Democratic Alliance in the constituency. of the party's top leaders.
Baghmara Police in collaboration with Tura Police have arrested the ASAK member from near Tura while he was taking the money. im the three others who were abducted on
Regarding the Trading License, Bah Rangphlang said that there should be a limit when issuing licenses to foreigners, not to issue them openly because this is for the benefit of the nation itself. others.
Therefore, take action and explain and ensure that the distribution of free rice and dai ration will go smoothly in your villages.
“I have a desire and a desire to develop Mawlai for the benefit of the people of the entire area,” he said.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the road has been paved for more than a year but the Sports Department of the state has not done anything to improve the road. you have lost your colour.
After a meeting with the members of the PFMS team and banks, it was found that the inability to deliver foodgrains to many children is due to those who have not provided KYC on their accounts and many accounts do not work and lack of names.
On these dates, the BSF seized 124 cows smuggled to Bangladesh.
He said that the shortage of IAS officers in the state has been going on since the day of independence. Meghalaya has the right to have 77 IAS officers, but what the state has now is Of these, 23 have passed IAS and 18 have been appointed IAS. The Chief Minister said that this shortage of officers has affected the work of the state government. There are five officers who have left to work in Delhi with the Central Government.
Shillong, March 23: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Water Supply, on Tuesday said that the demand of the CCIB to cut the shiah from Mawthum is right. the border is unacceptable.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Speaking at the 67th North Eastern Council meeting which started in Shillong today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya will The 2022 National Games will be held.
The accused has surrendered before the Officer-In-Charge of Madanriting Police Station. It was learned that the police have received evidence in their possession and the police have identified him.
The Commission also explained to the speakers and candidates about past examples of such violations using procedures to circumvent the MCC rules.The ECI will look into any violation of the MCC accordingly a common recommendation to all to review the notices to be released regarding the time and activities of the upcoming elections.
By introducing this development project, it will bring about development in all aspects in the villages on the border with Assam.
Also present were the Leaders and Riew Rangbah of Shella Village and especially the residents of Shella Village and surrounding villages.
The solar power plant and other facilities have been installed to reach the GRIHA-5 star rating.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong RM Pariat praised the school for its progress in all aspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that eight new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. There are 18 cases of kid on 18 cases.
Shillong, January 28; Tharon Diya has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 26th of this month his 14-year-old daughter was abducted by two men from her residence. He was arrested at Barigaon under Patharkhamah Police Station.
As the Seng, we are very determined and we have the firm hope that only through the consultation and initiative will we be able to develop and reshape in all aspects for the development of the state.
He said that as the MLA of the area, he has given assistance to them and will continue to give assistance to them because these families are very poor and some of the families have lost their lives. father and there are homes that have lost a mother.
The Minister was accompanied by Commissioner & Secretary Electricity Sanjay Goyal, Director (Generation) of West Bengal State Electricity Distributor Company Limited (WBSEDEL) Subhasankar Debsarma Biswas.
He said that this Dulir does not encourage same-sex marriage and said that this Dulir refers to the meaning of blessing prayer.
The training will be held twice a day on Tuesday from 4 pm to 6 pm and on Saturday from 9 pm to 11 pm at JN Football Stadium.
According to the latest news, the ARPA has decided not to turn against each other but to work together because the KHADC is the founder of the jaidbynriew and they will work from the KHADC. part of the public.
This will open up new opportunities for the current shortcomings in the country's economy.
Individual activities have also been included to strengthen this work.
The winner received 5000 tyngka, the second 3000 tyngka and the third 2000 tyngka.
Shillong, June 29: Macdalyne Lyngdoh Nonglait, daughter of Phan Nonglait, speaking at the launch of the book 'Ka Phan Nonglait' by Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait. The KHADC, which was released today, wanted the government to declare a public holiday in its honor whether it is a public holiday in the state or in the district.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 2 new cases of COVID-19 positive today, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 92193 so far.
Some of the major bills passed by both the Legislative Assemblies in this session are as follows: 15th June, 2019 and in the State of Nagaland since 12th November, 2008; and to insert a new section 3A to strengthen all measures under the Constitution by the Governments of Himachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
Democracy is firmly established in the minds of the people of the country.
On behalf of the Dorbar, the Chief Executive Members and the Federation of Khasi States send their condolences to the family members and the people of the Archdiocese of Shillong.
How much more will the people listen to the election campaign of the leaders of various parties when the information and understanding has reached and seen in the eyes and ears of each and every person through those channels. social media through mobile phones and the internet.
Shillong, July 10: There have been 70 new cases of COVID-19 in the country today, 62 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills. There were 448 cases.
The union will demand from the state government to set up schools in all districts so that the students can complete their education and not lose their jobs.
The Government will set up an accurate registry of traders who trade with other parts of India known as Inter state trade and these forms can be submitted online without payment. There is nothing else to do and for the traders there will be a special number to know their number when submitting Form-C. This will help a lot to track the trade and to lum treasure.
With this, Shillong Lajong have now won all three games and have improved three points from the last three games.
George said that the transport department of the state government which has thew check posts does not know that there are vehicles that have overloaded the border and due to their actions the people are now suffering. Shillong and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, November 05: The FKJGP Central Body led by Eldie Newton Lyngodh on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar. The number of shopkeepers in Khyndailad and at the same time the expenditure of shopkeepers in the city, especially in Khyndailad.
To prevent this, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 133 CrPC to declare that the dumping of garbage in this area is a threat to the pedestrians. they stand.
At present, all political parties have not been able to announce their candidates from the Congress, NCP or UDP. India has changed its name to the NPP led by PA Sangma and surprisingly until the last dorbar tlang in the House of Representatives, the MLAs of the villages as members of the NCP while abroad. (SP News) They are not members of the NPP.
The Cabinet meeting also decided to allocate 587.78 sq meter of land to Shillong College in Laitumkhrah, which is located near the college. land is allocated for the purpose of construction of training centres.
Of course, as the Seng, we are not saying that there is a shortage of employees but we urge that adequate services should be provided for the needs of the people.
Not only that, the council has not listened to the complaints of hundreds of residents against these 11 complainants who have forcibly arrested some people and used Seal Dongs without their knowledge. This was witnessed at the meeting of the Dong Pohmadan held on 30/05/2016 where 80 people signed their names against the Chairman and Secretary for the wisdom of complaining against the Rangbah. New village in the name of Dong without any information.
This was announced at a public meeting held at Madan Polo today, after former Mawsynram MLA Bah PN Syiem joined the PDF party today. KHADC, where thousands of people attended the meeting to welcome the members of the PDF. Bah PN Syiem was also appointed as the Chairman of the People Democratic Front (PDF). The party has been responsible for leading the party to the goal of victory in the 2018 MLA elections.
This is according to a statement sent by Ibadalin Kharbuli.
He participated in the VadyaDarshan organized by the Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi in 2002 and also participated in the second phase of the Thoh Shun International Art Camp Meghalaya.
They strongly condemn this in connection with the assault on the Rangbah Shnong of Semasi in Bri Sumer area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District by several robbers.
At present, the people have expressed their gratitude to Dr S Khonglah for providing adequate services to the people despite many difficulties.
Amlarem United Democratic Party LAHKMEN RYMBUI (WINNER).
Shillong, July 21: Sunil Jaglani has launched a selfie with his daughter in India on July 9, 2017 and has received praise from the Prime Minister of India. and  Narendra Modi.
Hospitals should regularly check fire safety measures such as fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems and alarm systems.
They were identified as Sumit Naha, 21, and Rahul Ghosh, 25, of Dibrugarh, Assam. They were arrested from a Night Super bus (ML05T8121), police said.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The North East Cricket Development Council (NECDC) today concluded the awards ceremony for the best players including the office bearers of the teams in the tournament. 2023-24 season at the sixth meeting of these seven North Eastern States held at the State Convention.
The Central Body is responsible for the party as a whole and respects the decision of the CEC on the MDC ticket from 19 Jaiaw and 18 Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituencies.
We should know who we belong to and as Khasi we should not forget that we are Khasi and we should love ourselves and we are the descendants of the mother who is a woman and not a tribe. sha your mother is not a Khasi.
Of these, 4619 voted at home, 2387 were elderly and 2232 were disabled.
It was on 10 November 1948 that the United Nations decided to have a systematic approach to the protection of human rights and the countries of the world have incorporated this into the Constitution.
Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said that the village has been asked by the party leaders to decide whether to continue to work with the government or to leave the MDA government. They are still waiting for a reply from the party leaders.
Urging the people of Meghalaya to support the Congress in the 23rd June Assembly elections at a public meeting held at Madan Polo on Thursday, Singh said, “We will work. for all ethnic groups especially the backward people of this State.
Police have found that the driver of the vehicle was killed with severe injuries on his body.
It is estimated that it will take time for the States of Assam and Meghalaya and the UTs of J&K and Ladakh to complete the process of linking Aadhaar to the beneficiaries of the scheme from 1st June, if the exemption from the requirement to link Aadhaar has not been extended.
Earlier, in the afternoon, these COVID-19 workers from Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills turned up at the Directorate of Health Services (MI) office to demand their salaries. been available now for about 6 or 7 months.
The Seng will not listen to this action of the government and will consult with other Sengbhalang friends and will soon gather the Village and Elaka Authorities together with the people to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state. said the President of the party, Samla Jersom Shylla.
Martle Mukhim in his speech also criticized the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for introducing the CrPC and CPC in the state. the Meghalaya Gambling Act.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, the Lamphangs and Speakers of the Legislative Assemblies of the States of the North East, Government Ministers and Officers were present at the ceremony. donlang.
In this regard, the government has decided this year to allocate 40% jobs to Garo, 40% to Khasi Jaintia, 5% to other low paid and 15% to other high paid.
It is learned that these magnets are mostly from computer equipment. The seizure of these equipment has put the BSF in a state of shock. they will continue to work hard to stop crime at the border.
This is not only for sports but also to promote the prevention of AIDS and not to discriminate against them in society.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Gross State Tax (GST) will be implemented in the state from 1st November and all types of taxes will be subject to the same Act in India known as the GST. To do this, this Act must be passed in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Shillong, Nailur 12: A night supper bus (AS01FC-0445) from Silchar to Guwahati overturned at Umling in Ri Bhoi District at 3 pm. ring.
On receipt of the report, the police were taken to Robert Hospital Shillong. They were not accepted. They were taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong and from Nazareth Hospital to Bethany Hospital Shillong. NEIGRIHMS has 108 students.
Jowai, June 25: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its strong opposition to the Government of Meghalaya against the Assam Police for attacking the Hynniewtrep people living in Block 1 (Pangam Raliang/Labang Nangphyllut District). and along the Meghalaya-Assam border areas such as Khanduli, Mukroh and Psiar and others.
It is learned that the fire brigade has been informed of the fire but as it is too far from the roads, the fire brigade has come but they could not do anything.
To date, 31 flights to tourist destinations have been operated.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Social Activist of the area and Bah KJW Thabah who led the Citizen Foundation for Human Development (CFHD). which works and assists in the problems faced by the small farmers from time to time regarding the harassment by the higher authorities especially the government authorities.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Bah Myghter Marwein today visited the house of Drula Snaitang to provide tin sop household items after the house was destroyed by the cyclone. 26Jun 2022.
The party also condemned the leaders from the MLA and MDCs who have been silent and have not come out at such a time when the farmers are facing difficulties.
He is a Friend, He is a guide, He is the Bread that nourishes us on our journey to eternal life," he added.
According to police, the casualty of the fire was that the main door of the Congress Bhavan in Nongpoh was standing about halfway.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that no discussion has been held with the Central Government on this issue.
Alo Libang, Minister of SJETA and Health, spoke about the achievements of the state in terms of the welfare of the indigenous people.
The groups that will join hands are BSF, CISF, CRPF, Railways, NYKS, ITBP, NSG and SSB.
The number of vehicles stolen in 2022 is 67, 157 in 2023 and 12 in
Regarding the allocation of funds to universities in the North East, the central government should increase them so that they can compete with other universities in the world.
In 2017, NEHU has given permission to the authorities of Khatsawphra to open the college and now the college has received full recognition from NEHU. NEHU, to facilitate the employment of students within the college, the authorities have opened a Students Service Center known as “Students Service Centre” within the college. The college was inaugurated by the President of the College.
The KHNAM party will send a letter to the state government requesting the experts from Khasi Jaintia Garo Hills to participate in the Expert Committee for the preparation of the Reservation Policy.
Dr Aman urged the public not to worry because all those who have tested positive for COVID-19 have been infected. In Bhoi District he was admitted to St Paul Hospital Corona Care Centre.
These students were taken to visit around the country.
The four deceased were identified as A Sangma, 26, of Kharukol, Baghmara, SG Hills.
The head of the religion has arrived in Shillong and will stay in the city for three days during the visit to the places of worship of the religion.
He said that in other projects, the government has implemented the price for the year 2015-2016 while in MGNREGS it has implemented the price for the year 2012-2
Therefore, we should compare carefully which Act we will accept as our true protection, whether it is the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the MRSS Act, 2016? The Union Home Minister of the Union Government in the Rajya Sabha on 27th June, 2013 in reply to a question in Parliament said: Rajya Sabha MP, Sabil Ali on the ban on Indians entering the States where the ILP has been enacted. the immigration of other Indians to the States where the ILP has been implemented to protect the population of Indigenous Peoples.
With their cooperation, the criminals have not been able or willing to take advantage of this curfew”.
The election will be held on the 23rd July 2018 at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
On all these, the GSU said that it feels necessary to put its demands before the government.
When the Autonomous State was achieved in 1969, and the Full Fledged State in 1972, Block I and Block II were not included within the border of Meghalaya.
The call for recruitment to the BSF will start from the 27th of this month and end on the 19th of July this year.
The Prime Minister said that he will not arrest the civil society organizations that demand the ILP. The Prime Minister said that if he does not arrest them, they will accuse him of being a witness and if he arrests them, they will say that he it's not good.
The HSPDP has four MDCs in the KHADC, but with the suspension of Bah Pyniaid Syiem, the party now has only three MDCs in the party. party to court to three people,.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that there should be a safe environment for the Barikor to develop their traditional skills and the Government should support the efforts of the Riti Academy.
It was during his tenure as MLA that he was able to establish an SSA school in Moolber.
Shah said the Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi stands firm to set an example by fighting against corruption through innovative measures.
She said that Bah Khongwir is also a skilled sportsman especially in Shot Put where he holds the record of Mawlai till now.
When asked whether there has been any delay, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that it is true that in the past there has been a delay but the government has kept its promise. They promised but the problem is that the delay is right, but they didn't speak because every meeting of the Minister of Education they spoke inside the Cabinet but because he wasn't there they couldn't accept.
Although Lajong started the game without stopping, they couldn't score.
The total number of cases in the state is 29, with 19 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
“We have also decided that copies of the laws like PIT NDPS will be distributed to these Dorbar Shnongs and we will take their suggestions so that we can improve these laws and regulations,” he said. Social Welfare Department.
Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored the first goal in the 70th minute.
The Indian National Congress (INC) has admitted that the dissolution of the Executive Committee led by the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is a conflict between the National People's Party (NPP) and of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
However, when they reached the building of Deoris Marbaniang, formerly known as Nichols Roy building, the enforcement told a shopkeeper to remove their plates, as they were on the road, but without There was a shopkeeper and Bah Paul Leong, who stopped the small truck and ordered the enforcement officers to stop the shop. drop the items.
Shilling, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Eastern Border Area Circle (KSU) has arrested 21 foreigners at 11:30 pm on the night of 19th June place of worship.
During the signing of the soskular, they reached an agreement in 6 out of 12 places in the middle of the mutual dispute, on the soskular signed by the Ministry of Inspection. The Central Government and the two State Governments have started to look into and mark the boundaries between the two States where the boundaries should stand.
Inspector Basaïawmoit is the first woman from the Civil Defense and Home Guards Department in the state to receive this Meritorious Service Medal, said the Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong, Bah PH Shylla in a statement. lad newspaper.
If this road is not repaired immediately, soon the rainy season will come and the traffic of the people through this road will be in trouble”.
Nahim D Shira NPP also took part in the meeting.
Such an article is very important for the people to know more about the ILP. What I am happy about is this part written in the third paragraph – Quote “It is the The fact that the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 is still in force and requires only a Notification from the Governor to implement it, because it has been adopted through the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District of  Laws) Regulation, 1952, through Section 79 of the North Eastern Reorganization Act, 1971.
On behalf of the Secretary of the Sein Niamtre of Jalyiah Village, Bah Phrangki Siangshai, I would like to invite all the neighboring villagers and Khasi Khara who are still holding on to their culture to come and visit us. on that day.
After that, donations came from all over the country from the supporters and brothers who have donated to the Seng until it was able to distribute the donations to all the circles and units of the Seng across the country and the nation.
Police have seized 50 ATMs, 50 SIM cards, 20 mobile phones, 6 laptops and 10 pen-drives from these seven persons.
Drivers of taxis and autos will have to put inside their vehicles whether they have paid the ticket or not according to the order issued on 24th July
Also present were the District Chief Executive Member Wanpynbiang Nongtariang, Bah Pranes Nongrang, Sunita Swer and others. In Jaintia Hills, many meetings were held under the leadership of District President Commanderful Sana and the staff of the district.
To enact a law to prohibit and prohibit traders who illegally cut kilos of agricultural products, to set a minimum support price for agricultural products to avoid price cuts, to open to introduce the Agriculture Policy, to introduce processing units and others.
The Seng also demands from the authorities of Mawlong Elaka to expel and not to give shelter to these bsein from now on as the promise has come true that once they are gone they will turn against you later.
Government can enact laws and strengthen law enforcement—but it is up to each of us to uphold these laws and build a society that respects the law.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Metha, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that there are about four or five demands that the HYC has put forward which have been approved by the HYC. Director.
The “" for the reconstruction of the injured shoulder will be done for the benefit of orthopedic surgeons at the exhibition.
Shillong, Lber 01: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that due to the unrest in Shillong and surrounding areas, there could be any incident.
These two villages have received many benefits through the Swatch Bharat Mission. The distribution of these garbage bags has been distributed to all the households of these two villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Four political parties including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), HANM, CORP, EJNU and JNM today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the issue. The ILP should be implemented and the Khasi language should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the 30-member Assembly, 18 MDCs support the NPP party including the GNC MDC. The election of the new CEM of GHADC has ended the protests in Garo Hills.
In this regard, the Union under the leadership of its General Secretary Bah B.Basaiawmoit has submitted a letter to Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to request the District Council to investigate these areas where foreigners have been smuggling. and expressed that the Union is ready to cooperate with the Council in this regard.
Perhaps in five or six years they can create a district and I welcome that,” said Bah Danggo.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today congratulated Idashisha Nongrem, IPS of 1992, who has been elected as the Director General of Police, Meghalaya.
The population of the country increased from 84.3 million to 104.3 million.
Bah M Dhar, father of one of the applicants, said that when he went to inquire, only those who scored high marks were selected. doubt was cast as to how that could be.
In Shillong, appointment letters were distributed to 48 candidates from the North Eastern Hill University, NEEPCO, NEIGRIHMS and the Department of Languages.
The Minister said that the government has taken the initiative to talk to the central government to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule and this work is ongoing. I have taken this matter seriously.
Therefore, they express their gratitude to God the Lord, the Creator, the Creator, the Almighty, the Giver, who has heard, listened to our prayers, prayers, requests, prayers since the day they asked for it. khnong, judgment, word; Before raising the ksing, the dhah ter-ter, until the last day of the shad, the joy of us Khasi-Khara children, who are based on the traditional religion.
He urged the students who attended the program to be careful when choosing any line of study.
Fortunately, no one was killed or injured in the incident.
The role of these activities has increased as India has supported the fight against COVID-19 at home and abroad through the production of medical equipment and domestic kits such as ventilators, Rapid Antigen Test kit, Real-Rime Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) kit, Infrared (IR) Thermometer, Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) kit and N-95 masks.
The meeting decided to summon the Chief Executive Members and Rangbah Shnongs on the outcome of the decision taken by the government.
In this counting of votes, the MDCs demanded that there should be no counting of votes but it was held by counting of votes. In this counting of votes, 14 votes were cast. They were appointed to the ruling party and won the no confidence motion.
The delegation was also accompanied by the leaders of the Awaken India Movement Meghalaya State Unit.
The EC has decided to convene a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 within the boundary of the KHADC. Replying to a question by Bah George B Lyngdoh regarding the existence of illegal mines in Amlarem, Conrad K Sangma said that after receiving information. Officers were sent to inspect and received a report and on the 25th of this month, these illegal mines were sealed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that these are the 44 foreign traders who have appealed to the Meghalaya High Court after not receiving the NoC from the Hima Sohra. to renew their licences.
Shillong, Nailar 07: There will be an exhibition of musical instruments and military equipment organized by the Station Workshop EME, Shillong on the 11th of Nailar from 11:00 – 2:30 pm under the auspices of Headquarters Area.
Police have also taken action to track down the suspect.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has said that there is a need to set rules to follow up on all those who have been arrested , charged for committing crimes related to drug trafficking and and also for those who have been convinced that they have not been saved from this evil teaching.
This comes 10 days after Saleng A. Sangma handed over his resignation letter as Congress MLA from Gambegre constituency to the Assembly Secretariat after winning the Lok Sabha elections from Tura Parliamentary seat. you're long gone.
He added that perhaps it is because the people of Manipur and Nagaland have fought hard that the Indian government has arrested them and therefore it has been established that the people of Meghalaya who are fighting according to the Constitution of India should be released. understand before anything bad happens.
In this match, it was seen that the Kur Rynjah came out to support the Kur youth in the Kur ball match in Smit.
There are certain areas that have to be reported on from the start of the scheme in order to have an initial certification.
LD Suchiang, Chief Engineer, PWD (Roads) and the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
In the Under 17 Girls (Single) category, Sneha Chetri became the winner while in the Under-19 Boys (Single) category, Mohit Joshi became the runner-up.
However, for this year it is not yet clear as it is up to the State Level Committee to decide.
“We strongly oppose these illegal laws and demand that the State Government should strongly oppose such acts of violence by the Government of India.
The Ministry of Railways is working for change in the North Eastern States.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) led by its President Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC. They demanded that the District Council should eliminate the illegal kilo cutting in Iewduh and various markets under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (WWW) has strongly warned against women who drink alcohol.
To prevent any incident, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has ordered all schools in the district to close tomorrow morning 28/5/2
Pala urged the HNLC not to stop coming to the talks but to continue the talks by any means. new people who will be ksiang for this work.
Regarding the expenditure, the government will strive to avoid, except for those who need it and those who cannot avoid it.
Ampareen said that the four MLAs of the party have united as a group and will not do anything to harm the people and as the party will now strengthen the party. support the government according to its work.
The company will pay Rs 1 lakh today and Rs 2 lakh on the first day.
The FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District Unit, has asked the Police Department and the State Government: “Is the curfew implemented through various laws and regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-19? it will only apply to indigenous people".
According to the information gathered by the union, in the past years, this place was only a place of worship for the road workers.
The union requests to increase the salary of the farmers to more than 5,000 rupees per month and requests to pay them two months per year so that they can pay school fees for their children during the year. and to provide other health assistance, security of life and maternity leave and sickness benefits.
Apollo Medskills Ltd will provide specialized training on health related fields for the rural youth of Meghalaya in two types of training namely on Dialysis. Technician and Blood Bank Technician, will not only provide training but will also employ the youth who have passed this specialized training.
The farmers who cultivate soh niamtra, from War Daki to Ranikor area have faced the same problem in terms of insect infestation of these soh trees. which is related to the cultivation of soh niamtra.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki today suspended the public hearing on the proposal of Star Cement to mine at Brichyrnot following strong opposition from the people. this desire takes place.
The residents of West Jaintia Hills District have informed the district administration of the incident.
The ceremony was held on the Independence Day of R on the 15th of this month at the football ground of the village. You can also obtain a certificate of proficiency.
The Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of the Municipalities did not attend the meeting scheduled to be held on July 27, at the CEM's office. It seems that the Municipalities have forgotten that they operate within the Sixth Scheduled areas.
“Ka Seng Khasi therefore, through this statement, strongly condemns such scientific acts and urges the perpetrator to immediately remove all the images belonging to the Seng Khasi, which have been used. “We strongly warn that such misuse should not happen again in the future,” said the statement.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that 811 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today and 7788 cases have been confirmed in the state.
To temporarily prevent the landslide during the rainy season, stones have been placed and silver jars have been placed. Besides, other protective measures have been taken. To rebuild the stadium, we will fight as much as possible to allow football matches to be played in this area.
Heavy rains are expected in parts of Gujarat, Jharkhand, Gangetic West Bengal and Odisha; Heavier rains are expected in parts of eastern Rajasthan, Assam and Meghalaya, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, East Uttar Pradesh, eastern parts of Chhattisgarh, Bihar and parts of Meghalaya. West Bengal and Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura, Madhya Maharashtra and Konkan as well as Goa.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck for further investigation and after investigation, it was found that the Swift belongs to the SI. Kumar Nath said that the police have arrested the robbers who are policemen.
Replying to a supplementary question by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA, the Minister of Home Affairs said that there is a 10% quota allocated for women in the police force and if there are those who have done better, there is no difference.
Meanwhile, the BSF of 04 Bn have seized 17 cows from Rongtilla while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh. Since July, 1669 cows have been seized and handed over to the police. state to do what is right according to the law.
The Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and take action against those who do not comply with the protocols, so that it will bring peace and security to the residents of Madanriting area. One of the reasons for the spread of COVID-19, the Seng also urges the owners and vendors of shops within the boundary of Madanriting Village.
In the past, it was rare to see such people sleeping on the balconies of shops only in the rural areas.
“The bloodshed in the last protest against the CAA happened in Ichamati village which reached the point where foreigners living in this area cannot imagine.
Three others were also injured in the incident.
According to the latest reports, the MeECL sub station in the area caught fire suddenly and only the sound of the fire was heard. MeECL sub station is located in Moowakhu.
Regarding the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sanbor, he has his own views, unlike AL ​​Hek, a fellow BJP MLA. support to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and this is clear because they are part of the government let this government be a working government.
After having the opportunity to talk to some of the elders of this area in this regard, it is understood that the reason is that all the employees of this office have been working for about 10 years or more. They have not received their salaries from the government through the District Council and even the officers in charge of the Town Committee have disappeared.
In connection with this incident, the Police are conducting a thorough investigation to arrest those involved in this crime.
The union also warns that if the department cannot implement the demands of the union, we will not hesitate to think and take another path to move forward for this purpose.
The recognition of landfills under the AFSPA in Manipur (except Imphal Municipality) has been in force since
This is the third arrest of Bernard, the first on charges of prostitution in Edenbari, the second on charges of possession of weapons. moment of Edenbury.
He added that the decision on the allocation of tickets for the MP election will be up to the leaders of Delhi.
Dr War said it was not a mistake in the test, but a mistake in the test. The test results were negative.
This has surprised us as the organization and we feel that this is the delay in the work of the Supply Department of the District in preventing such incidents.
In addition, we will also develop various monuments which will greatly boost the tourism industry.
“We request the Government especially MeECL to do something because this is a matter of life and death and that this child through the help of the Government will get a healthy body,” said the KSU leaders. He said that the union has also found that many of the transformers near Lempluh village are not signed at all and have not been properly installed to protect the traffic of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Hek today welcomed the two ambulances donated by the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) at a short meeting. in Lawrence.
On this occasion, the committee has honored the students who have passed from the school founded by this leader of the jaid bynriew. Schedule of the Constitution of India for the Special Protection of Indigenous Peoples.
“This action of MEeCL has angered the people and the Seng. The government has made us the villagers richer than the urban people.
These activities will be held in seven programmes, starting on 28th July, 2023 (in Hyderabad) and the Summit on 3rd November, 2023 (in Gurugram).
The DC said that the damage was caused to the farmland and there was no damage to the houses of the people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU, Professor PS Shukla will be the special guest to distribute the awards. different.
He said that many examples can be taken from this sword to have a patriotic spirit.
On the 26th of this month, Assam Police together with the Magistrate of Kamrup District, raided Iongkhuli Village, Ribhoi District, to protest against the plan of MeECL to install Post Lights in the village.
On this occasion, the choirs from different villages and places have entertained those who attended the celebration with religious songs related to the birthday of the Lord Jesus Christ. be a man on this earth to save mankind.
R.Chitturi, Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, has been dismissed and appointed as Joint Secretary, Finance Department. A. Barnawal, ADM of Amlarem Civil Sub-Davison, has been transferred from the post and appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Amlarem Civil Sub-Davison. .
No one was injured in the incident except for minor damage to the petrol pump in the center of the town, a police source said.
Bah Lyngdoh said that at such meetings when political parties give their opinion, the prime minister does not take action and this behavior of the prime minister has been shown by the incident in Langpih and the all the conversations are worthless.
Police suspect that their leader Sohan D Shira also used to stay in the area from time to time.
If other villages can, why can't others?
In a statement, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the BJYM has held a special discussion today on the situation in the city and has decided to support the demand for the dismissal of the employees. The Municipality of Them Motor has been appointed.
He said that the Sixth Schedule has authority under the Constitution of India. In Meghalaya, two District Councils were opened on 27th July 1954, UKJHADC and GHADC while JHADC. opened in 1967.
Rgh Pranshon Jala said that whatever has happened, all the signs and symptoms show that it is the sin of the blood of mankind. They didn't count the law of God, which, like Tymmen u San, they were angry and forgave the sins of mankind.
He is the leading Khasi student to pass the examination in 2023 with 560 marks.
Without saying to turn off street lights or appliances including computers, TVs, fans, refrigerators and ACs inside the homes.
The Bill, which has been passed, is to repeal the 10th section of the Act and replace it with a new one.
According to latest reports, the armed men went to Olgate's residence at night and took him out of the house and dragged him to Bambuk market where he was killed.
Furthermore, the people of Mukroh, the people of West Jaintia Hills and the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep as a whole will not allow even 10 inches of Khasi land to go to Assam.
This evening, the Meghalaya delegation met with Bangladeshi traders in Sylhet.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, comprising the Syiems, Doloi and Nokma, will meet on the 13th of this month to discuss the issue of talk about this social agreement with the central government.
It is also learned that one of the members of the party, Aibor Nonglamin, was with Pratap Bareh and helped to escape.
The arrest of these vehicles was for violating the NGT rules prohibiting the illegal transportation of coal.
On the other hand, he urged the people of Hynniewtrep to join hands and participate in the protest on the 25th to demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state.
“Surprisingly, when talking to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he expressed his surprise that these 342 households are employees of the Municipal and other Government departments.
We have taken the suggestions of the departments so that the work can proceed and we don't want the work to slow down,” said Lamphang.
The meeting of the MDA, which includes seven political parties, the ruling NPP, UDP, BJP, HSPDP, PDF, KHNAM, NPP and independent MLAs, is not new but From time to time, we have been talking about the parties that are part of this coalition government.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Pynshai Rani urged the youth not to be afraid but to stand firm on the foundation of the Jaitbynriew and the truth as the party always stands.
He said that the Sengbhalang will stand firm on the ground even though the government intends to kill the spirit of the protest of the Sengbhalang who are demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state and this protest will not end. “If he reaches the point of arresting the leaders who demand the ILP, I don't think the people will demand the implementation of the ILP. who has witnessed the destruction of the jaidbynriew in all aspects whether it comes to jobs, trade, inheritance and society and the people will not sit idly by and on the part of the civil society organizations said that They will take strong action if they arrest or arrest the top leaders of the political parties,” said Eldie N Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the UDP said that the government cannot ignore the recommendation of the HLC on how to curb the influx of foreigners. Lanong as Chairman during his tenure as Deputy CM. The HLC included Ministers from the Government, CEMs of Districts, Civil Society Organizations and Government officials. this is the Committee.
Nalanda is a proclamation of the fact that knowledge cannot be destroyed even if books are burnt in the fire,” said Minister Duh.
For this purpose, the Association urges the State Government to provide 10 plots of land for the construction of the Indoor Sport Facility and the Association also invites the traders and companies to come forward to join hands and cooperate with the Association to support. and promote badminton players.
To do this, the state government and the leaders of the state need to speak on it in Parliament.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, R. Muthu said that police are searching for the suspect who fled with a firearm provided by the government.
The dismissal of OC Madanriting shows that the rape of a 14 - year - old girl is a serious crime Jublian Kharmawlong, 8 years ago, the death of Fullmoon Dhar in the hands of the police ended with the questions why he was killed.
Since the launch of the National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission (NSCAEM) last year, 3,39,77,877 screening information has been uploaded in the country so far and the states have distributed up to ,12,01,612 Sickle Cell Status ID cards.
How can I claim another State or how can I get another State ? This is the question of many churches when they have not yet fully understood the uniqueness of the past, present and future of the nation.
At the same time, he urged all the Rangbah Shnongs in War Jaintia to think carefully regarding foreigners and not to prove that they are the owners of the village. a threat to future generations.
“From the dulir that Meghalaya has provided, there may be some misunderstandings here and there regarding those areas that are not mutually exclusive, but the dulir should be resolved,” he said. The opposition, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has refused to allow the Central Government to intervene in Assam.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the three parties have decided that whether or not they get permission, the public meeting will be held. Nongpoh on the 13th, Byrnihat on the 18th and Umsning on the 21st.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Joint Action Committee (JSU) Shillong Circle has urged the public to support the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MCV) on the indefinite strike due to the government's excessive increase in fuel prices. .
In connection with this day, SURE in collaboration with MACS also conducted a training program for the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College. Jowai.
At this juncture, they want to meet with the Chief Minister to talk.
Many of the speakers on this occasion strongly criticized the government and especially the Minister in charge of Education and demanded that he should resign because there is no responsibility for the teachers. who are the shapers of the future of children.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Macdonald Nongrang, President of Mairang Youth Association, said that although many of the youth have brought glory to the state in many areas, The government does not provide assistance to the poor in the state and this discourages the poor.
Replying to a supplementary question, he said that the District Council has set up the gates in accordance with the Management and Control of Forest Act, threshold.
Also present on the occasion were Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Education Secretary, Iashanborlang Mukhim, Assistant Finance Secretary, Nicholas Chyrmang, Leader of KSU Delhi Unit. KSU Dehradun Unit, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar was the Chief Guest and Mily Rabon was the Chief Guest. The freshers meet was attended by Khasi students from Dehradun and Students from other states of the North East including Mizoram, Nagaland and others were also present.
The establishment of the SWIC is on the directive of the Ministry of Public Works, Government of India.
Shillong, July 07: U Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi today met with the leaders of Shillong at Raj Bhavan Shillong to discuss with them for the next two days.
According to the recommendation of the Special Committee, it should be handed over to the private sector and the beneficiaries should be the people of the area if any and the proceeds from the lease. The land shall be divided between the KHADC and the Hima Mawphlang 60% to the KHADC and 40% to the Hima.
The people here speak a language which has nothing to do with the Khasi, Jaintia, Bhoi, War and other Khasi languages.
to Gemes Hanse, General Secretary BJP National ST Morcha.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Ka FKJGP Diengpasoh today held a public meeting at Umkhen Bridge to discuss how to raise awareness among the people to avoid drugs and illegal activities which spread AIDS especially. on the highway.
They demand that the Meghalaya government should take action to release these four men,” said the KSU Mukroh Unit.
I am happy to say that I will play an important role in a political party like the UDP,” he said.
Tura Sitting MP Agatha K Sangma and Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was also the Minister of State and the candidate from Shillong, lost the election.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Tens of thousands of residents of Shillong today went to the polo ground to witness the demonstration of the soldiers' bike riding skills. The whole world has lost its way of riding a bike.
He urged the Prime Ministers to talk face to face without the interference of the people (to avoid politics) to understand the situation.
The KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle immediately sent them away.
The First Information Report was submitted to the SP of East Jaintia Hills District.
The special prayer for the Holy Father will begin at 1 pm with prayer, speeches and will not end with the sacrament.
Regarding the claim that they won the Municipal elections, this is wrong as the BJP has not won as many seats as it did in the previous elections.
This is part of what we can call “University Social Responsibility”, which will help students to understand their country.
The country, which used to be the second largest importer of mobile phones, is now the second largest producer of mobile phones.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2018-2019 with a deficit of T.1,150 crore.
Such discussions will provide information to the journalists on the conditions of the people of the area, the economy and society and the political situation in the state and the measures of the government related to the development of the country. crawl.
Tura, November 07: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed Dilliram G Marak to the party who won the last MLA election with 3296 votes. boot.
The public meeting to inaugurate this road was held at the Dorbar Shnong. In his speech, Bah Lambor said that this is a memorable day for the village where the road was inaugurated. the crowd was angry.
D) and post graduate students studying science and technology to work in laboratories in accordance with the decision taken by the State and UT Governments. Colour, cultural, religious and political activities have been permitted to hold gatherings of not more than 100 people, only outside the Containment Zones.
Osabal Thangkhiew, Tynmen Basan of New Jirang, said that in the past years, about 400 children between the ages of three and four years have been trained at the school. The children who are taught are from poor families.
She expressed confidence that India will become a model for the inclusion of digital channels in the healthcare sector as well as in other sectors.
It was reported in the House that the scheme was started in 2004-2005 and at that time only T.20000/- per toilet was allocated and in 2014 it was increased to T.48,000/-. .
: it means that it can be without difficulty; it is easy to change as you wish.
Speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the new leaders of the KSU Pyndensakwang Unit, Forwardman Nongrem strongly criticized the state government and the Indian government on the issue of uranium.
The professors were surprised to learn that they are in charge of the Dorbar Hima and there is no Election Commission to oversee the election or the election of Village Leaders such as Rangbah Shnong and Sordar Shnong.
Shillong, July 21: The Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA) today held a Declamation Competition for the North East. Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 21: The FKJGP Central Body has strongly condemned the author of the book Sociology Class XII, Manjir Ghosh, published by Kalyani Publishing. .
and as a community we need the unity and coordination of all the village leaders, village youth organizations, VDP, longkmie village organizations and others.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah K. Kharbangar, Program Manager, VHAM, Bah R Rajee, President, VDP, Madanrting.
Shillong, March 17: Ka Laitkyrhong Sports Club to commemorate the invaluable contribution of one of the leaders of the area who passed away who was also the former President of the Laitkyrhong Sports Club. Laitkyrhong Sports Cub on 17th October 2016 held the 1st Bah Korel Khongsngi Memorial Archery Competition 2016 at PdengShnong Laitkyrhong. of the whole of Hynniewtrep.
In the past 31 years of his MLAship, he has held various positions and in 2008 he was elected as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya from the UDP party. After winning the MLA election in 2018, he was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Speaker of the state.
The Prime Minister sent his condolences to the family and said that Munde worked tirelessly for the people.
Relatives said that the crowd did not allow them to talk after they were taken to the Dorbar Hall and besides that the crowd threw them in front of them.
He said he understands that the two-day discussion during the CPA meeting was on the destruction of the environment, the improvement of traffic in the North East. along with other parts of India.
Despite the curfew, the people flocked to Madan Polo where the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Pual hoisted the flag of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: India has set aside 15 November to celebrate Children's Day on the 15th of November, the birth anniversary of the first Prime Minister of the country, Jawaharlal Nehru. This year's celebration was held at Laitmynring Village under Pynursla Block.
Modiji has transformed the traditional medicine system, through its rich heritage, and empowered it to become a powerful force.
There was also a screening of a film based on a true story, about a 27-year-old who is diagnosed with chronic illness, and the struggles he has to go through in order to overcome the disease.
They have 36 demands out of which three fall under the state government and 33 fall under the GVK which runs the EMRI in the state.
Referring to the Ministry of Education, he said that at present there is no allocation of funds but the Council will look at ways and means how to assist the schools as it is necessary to assist them. Professional Tax said the office will be online for the convenience of the people.
On the same day, the winners of the lucky draw were announced by Bah JL Khongshei. The winners of the lucky draw are 1st-0520, 2nd-2255, 3rd-2 These are 1/2811, 2/3220, 3/3717, 4/2085, 5/2
Speaking to SP News Agency, the BSF said that the meeting was not held in a hurry but was scheduled and the meeting was between the Sector Commander of Jowai and the Sector Commander of Jowai. The meeting was to discuss the issues related to the two countries, India and Bangladesh.
Roshan Warjri in Khliehriat, Clement Marak in Ampati, Bah AL Hek in Dadenggre and Zenith Sangma in Resubelpara.
The Divisional Commandant of Home Guard, Bah Paul H.Shylla in a statement sent to the media, requested the Home Guards Volunteers who wish to go to the polling station to inform the Home Guards office at District of marbles.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Central Government through the Ministry of Tourism will allocate T.20 crore for the construction of the Umiam Lake Resort.
According to police, they received a tip that GNLA leaders Philliport and Jimmy had gone to Jolding Pond, about five or six kilometers from Resubelpara.
The four villages are Jaiaw Pdeng, Laban Saro, Umroi Maban, Umroi Nongrah and Umroi Umdoh. the villagers of Umroi.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: It is painful to hear about the deterioration of the Nongstoin-Maweit road. How long will the Meghalaya government listen to the complaints? suffering in the Maweit area.
The achievements of young Mario are those that reflect the tasks entrusted to him and his efforts to reach the heights of fame.
as part of the efforts to contribute to the nation on many issues that the people face from time to time.
The first batch was held by the Chairman of the Board SC Marak and the third batch was handed over to Bah John F Kharshiing to look after the government departments to look after the grants from the Board. government to District Councils and the implementation of development projects in the villages.
Hasan said Bangladesh will not allow terrorists to use their country to fight against India. marry local women, if they get information they will not allow them to arrest them and punish them according to their law.
Referring to other parties, he said they can nominate their own candidate and in the MDA they will take a decision from among all the candidates whom they want to be the candidate. candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
We have identified 400 so far.
Shillong, July 21: Meghalaya Minister Hamletson Dohling today wrote to Union Minister in charge of Environment Prakaksh Javadekar to cancel the Environmental Clearance of the Union Government. M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd has been established in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the DC said that a thorough investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
Stadktien was not used because it meant something else in the Khasi dialect, which cannot be said to be a siangsdieh; and in English it can mean.
The rang kynsai who took part in this dance were dressed in sponges along with Thuïa, Paila, Shanryndang, Jymphong, Ryngkap and Symphiah.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: According to the Government's directive issued on Saturday, the residents of the village will be able to buy and sell their daily necessities during the curfew from 10 to 1st, January 2021 in East Khasi Hills District.
Answering a supplementary question on the Mawphlang Science and Commerce College, the Chief Minister said that the allocation is T36.55 crore and four contractors have been awarded the contract to implement the work. build the houses of Sam.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to quarantine 24 pigs in 12 villages where 24 pigs have died due to African Swine Fever. The government will declare these villages as containment zones.
On the other hand, Samla Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman of the organization, also donated special assistance to the poor families as well as to the people with disabilities. village up to 40 blankets.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Regional Democratic Alliance (UDP) and the HSPDP (Regional Democratic Alliance) led by Conrad K Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. He met with the Chief Minister to discuss three issues.
Regarding this statement, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that he will meet the Governor to discuss the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020 and He said that the UDP party has already written to the Chief Minister regarding the implementation of the ILP. to be not only MLAs, MDCs, civil society organizations, but also private individuals, Hima Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Youth Shnongs, Women's Organizations and Kur Dorbars to demand from the Government to implement the The ILPha is located in the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the 14 parties urged Prestone Tynsong to speak to the Prime Minister and the MLAs in the government to implement the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873 immediately. The Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 is a strong law which does not have any provisions and this law introduced by the government is without provisions.
As an MLA, Massar was also a Cabinet Minister in the Legal Department of the State Government.
NPP State President Prestone Tynsong said that in 2019, the NPP had agreed to support the joint candidate nominated by its MDA ally, the UDP. The NPP will nominate its own candidates and there has been no discussion on this.
From the east we will start from Mawlasdiang village in the northern part and continue following the Umiam River until we reach Umshaw and Raitong village in the southern part.
Regarding the laws mentioned in Meghalaya, the State Migrant Working Amendment Act, 2011 has been the law of the state. In the workplace, people don't have a Workpermit, they only have their Labor License or EPIC.
Shillong, March 23: Today, 53 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, 34 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases from West Jaintia Hills. There are 695 people in the country.
The union has directed the management of IHM that the semester fees of the 5th semester students should remain the same as the fee structure for 2017 until they complete their studies. area.
To fight against terrorism requires mutual trust between the police and the public, the public must see that the police will be the protectors, and the police force will launch new initiatives. you in the way you work.
The Government is committed to taking all measures to curb the spread of the disease.
He acknowledged the role of radio in connecting the most remote areas of the country and said he was proud that PrasarBhartika is the largest public broadcaster in the world.
“Ka seng also urges the police to expedite the investigation and charge sheet against these robbers so that the court can take the necessary action.
The union will hold a march from Urkaliar, Demseiniong to the office of the Atomic Minerals Division, Nongmensong at 12 noon.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that this year's budget is in line with the situation and confidence in economic development and reflects India's confidence in itself.
Supporters of the VPP party from all over the country have come to witness the launch of the party flag. More than 1,000 supporters have attended the rally in Smit. I'm not a party member.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that the price will be for one day and for those who have the MHIS Card, the hospitals will have to charge from the MHIS card.
Participants in this webinar included journalists from across the Northeast.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Prasar Bharati on the opening day of the NE Body Can Sing-2019-Season IV competition. Bah Reuben M Hadem of Meghalaya won the title.
When the coronavirus infects the human body, it produces bacteria inside the body.
The opposition leader said that once the MDA nominates the speaker candidate, the Congress party will announce the name of the opposition candidate whom they will nominate for the speaker election.
This is to provide explanation, dissemination of information and more detailed awareness to the public regarding the knowledge of how to use electricity and how to pay electricity bills.
The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah M Ryngksai, said that the helicopter has surprised the people in the area.
Among the 10 schools that participated in the competition, Loreto Convent School Laitumkhrah won the first prize, Little Flower School, Malki came second and St. Francis School Smith.
UNEP, one of the agencies of the United Nations Organization, was established on 5 July 1972 at the Stockholm Conference on Human Environment with the aim of raising awareness in all parts of the world to preserve the environment. environment and prevent the impacts of biodiversity and climate change due to widespread destruction of the environment.
The President has invited Narendra Modi to announce the date and time of the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan and also to advise her on the names of other persons to be appointed as members of the committee. Cabinet of Ministers of the Federal Government.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Returning Officer has examined the documents of five candidates who have registered their nomination papers today. everything.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (HFU), said that in fact, the filmmakers of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) The film was scheduled to be released in 2019, but due to improvements, it had to be postponed and he expressed his happiness to be released this month of
On the issue of not allowing government employees to hold village posts, the government will now review the service rules on how to deal with this issue.
Now the country will decide if the future of the youth will be driven by value or by trust," Prime Minister Duh said.
In the petition, the Congress party said that when the Congress led the government in 2012, it had submitted a tender for the purchase of these aircraft at a cost of T.18.940/- crore per aircraft. and for 36 projects, T.526.10 crore.
Opposition Leader Conrad K Sangma said whether the rule is more precious or human life is more precious, whether the government waits until people die and then it will set up a police out post.
The Ministry of Tourism and Tourism has launched the National Integrated Database of Hospitality Industry (NIDHI), a technology-based system in line with the Prime Minister's goal of 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' to facilitate digital transformation and improve the ease of working for the hospitality & tourism industry.
Some of the mothers who attended the ceremony expressed their happiness to see that this celebration was held in their honour.
Shillong, June 05: Replying to the report of the National Green Tribunal on the ban on coal mining in the state, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is a matter for which the government has taken action. Because it has affected the environment, it has affected the income of the people and also the budget of the government.
As the Church this month, throughout the month, it will hold blessings on the cemeteries in all the parishes and villages where the Catholics are present.
This will be the second time in the history of the Legislative Assembly that the Legislative Assembly has received the honor of having two Presidents of India come to deliver speeches inside the House.
He said that the parents should understand the problems of the youth and should be the supporters and pioneers of the good intentions of the youth.
President Roosevelt of the United States said, "Don't expect what the country will do for you, but what you will do for it.
The Minister said that the elderly man is currently in Shillong and has been admitted to the hospital after testing positive. .
The part we put forward is also to focus not only on health care but especially on prevention and also on education and enlightenment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MAI) will celebrate the World AIDS Day in Shillong and other parts of the state by holding various events and games. different to inform people about the consequences of this disease.
Referring to the rules of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC), the Returning Officer said, “The rules of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) for political parties and candidates clearly state that, Politicians and candidates should ensure that their supporters do not disrupt or disrupt rallies and processions organized by other parties.
“According to the Commission, even after the Commission has convened a hearing in Assam in recent months, there has been no written submission from the Meghalaya government till date.
In one of the shocking incidents, about 15 Meghalaya Police personnel who used to patrol at Lapangap village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, were attacked by the Karbi community. on Saturday.
The Director said that one person from Ri Bhoi District in Umsning, Thakur Sing Rai, 84, has died, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
It is to be recalled that the HNLC was founded on 14/8/1987 and today 14/8/2017 the HNLC has completed its 30th anniversary.
Sherbolang Mawlong, MDC, Chairman, Committee Youth Affairs, M Kharkrang, Secretary, Legislative, Lamphrang Blah, MDC, Leader Opposition, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC, Shri. Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC, Fantin Joseph Lakadong, KHADC Pleader Dr S Lamare and Dr BL Nongbri, Members, Advisory Committee, On Opening the meeting, Bah PN Syiem, Chairman, KHADC, said that the time has come to find ways and means how to He said that one of the ways is to review the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Government of India. and the Federation of Khasi States, on 15 December 1947 and 17 August 1948 before 26 January 1950 when the Constitution of India was enacted. It is in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
The allegation against Bah Rymbai is that he received Rs 5 crore from the Meghalaya Forest Department in connection with the Mawpalai Forest. The police have been directed to investigate into the allegation that there has been a fight.
However, the Supreme Court after hearing the case upheld the decision of the High Court.
Lambor said he is confident that the intelligent people of Nongkrem Constituency will take a decision, in which one person will hold one post.
On the other hand, Congress candidate Daryl William Momin, accompanied by his father Fersen Momin, mother Muani Ch Momin and you are the brother of Isaac William Momin.
Everyone looks forward and has to obey the rules of the UDP. This time again, it has lost its dignity because the ethnic parties have gone to thank and praise just to be in the government to get a job. neither the flesh of the flesh, nor the flesh of the flesh, maketh a difference unto them.
India and Qatar have friendly relations since time immemorial, In recent years, our relations have strengthened further in various fields such as politics, trade and investment between the two typical country.
Shillong, June 24: A total of 171 students of Pine Mount School have taken part in a pilot training organized by the State Education Department and Samagra Shiksha – State Education Mission Authority. of Meghalaya (SEMAM).
This university is associated with history.
The death toll from the disease is 14 in East Garo Hills, 32 in East Jaintia Hills, 1001 in East Khasi Hills, 8 in North Garo Hills, 90 in Ri Bhoi, 12 in South West Garo Hills. , South West Khasi Hills 17, West Garo Hills 73, West Jaintia Hills 136, West Khasi Hills 74 cases.
Shillong, March 09: Chairman of the Consultative Committee Manstudy Nongrem and a delegation today submitted their report on the Khasi Social Customs Lineage Bills 2018 to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS. Shylla.
The extension of the lockdown could affect the health of the poor people due to lack of food and food shortages, which could lead to malnutrition, as the government has not yet Only rice and a little dai and shana can be provided.
The Seng expresses its surprise that the schemes funded by NABARD such as the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF), the schemes funded by the Asian Development Bank, the schemes of the Central Government such as the Border Area Development Program , Special Plan Assistance and PMGSY, the MLA said.
The tournament was divided into two parts.
On Agatha's allegation that Congress members have beaten up NPP members, Miani said how can this happen because they came from the opposite side and not from the opposite side. Shillong, Jymmang 27: Amyca Marwein of Nonghyllam village has been a good example for the students of Ranikor Community and Rural Development Block (NPP) Shillong. MBOSE has reached the fifth position in the SSLC examination of the MBOSE and has reached the fifth position in the Matric examination this year.
The Congress party has asked whether the central government will explain to the people the amount of T.41.25 crore paid which is the money of the people.
Because of the widespread smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh, the BSF has used new methods to arrest these smugglers.
The District Administration has urged any family members who know of the deceased to visit the body of the deceased. know.
There are some people who might be worried about how they will deal with such a big match on their own.
It was understood that in the speech of the DC, it was understood that the government wants to teach that people should now understand how to take care of themselves and in relation to the demand of the union that there should be no DMF. On the other hand, the DC said that a committee will be set up.
Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) have led about 138 farmers including members of the union to a lemon grass farm in Byrwa Ri Bhoi District.
These include the Nongsynshar from 16 Raids, and 20 Leaders from the Shnong, Raid or Hima to discuss many of these issues including the issue faced by the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun.
On behalf of the Chief Guest, Bah MB Kharlukhi, he donated Rs.5000/- (Five Thousand Tyngka) as part of the encouragement to this group of youths in Lyngkien Shyiap. Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Karmel Stone MDC, Laitkroh said that although the scheme as an MDC is very small, he will continue to fight to create opportunities. He said that he has no intention of putting Turoi in this Rynsan and urged the people to continue to support him as an MDC. At the same time, he congratulated Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang for being invited to this day by saying that he is a hardworking and hardworking young man. in Mylliem and in the State as a whole to develop the youth in many fields.
The militant group, which came to the peace talks, has set up its headquarters in Hebron in Dimapur, Nagaland.
Shillong, July 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the power outage will be for only two hours at night.
Sambormi said the demand for the Government to strengthen the Anti-Infiltration Check Gate in East Jaintia Hills is due to the lighting at the Entry-Exit Point at Ratacherra.
There will also be consultations with Village Authorities and Panchayati Raj.
According to reports, more than 80 houses have been destroyed and some animals such as pigs have been unable to walk due to the storm.
The loss has reached more than 5 lakh including all those who lost their lives in the incident.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai was established in 2014 by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Earlier, the 100th Annual Festival was held at the Madan Heh Stadium. Mawlai, Mawlai Village Square, Mawroh and Umsaw Village Square.
Nikshay Mitras urged the public to come forward and help those who have TB in East Garo Hills District. If you have any questions, please contact the District TB Officer at 8014360396/ DPC
He gave an example of the success of digital payments as it has spread widely in small towns and even in small villages.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, there was hope as the Prime Minister said that there is a need to improve the services of the government to the people and he said that he will take action on this disease of C&RD. Block in Nongkrem.
The Government should take action to have its own Rehabilitation Camp because some of those who are addicted to drugs want to change,” he said.
Three policemen were awarded the Medal for Meritorious Service by Vivek Syiem, Superintendent of Police, Shillong. Inspector and Teibor Sumer in the rank of Army.
He said the party has faced many challenges in these 50 years of its existence but it still holds on to its foundations.
The song is a symbol of diversity among voters who are women, youth, those over 100 years old, those with disabilities and is a symbol of inclusive election activities. .
The government authorities, according to the order of the Supreme Court of India, are still searching for the missing persons.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that so far, 4538 samples have been taken for RT-PCR test and 4224 samples have been tested negative. and 300 tests are pending results.
To ensure that there is enough masks for the people, the factories department of the state government has been handed over to produce 3 lakh masks and to complete it by the 10th of this month. The government has also sent 10 lakh masks from outside the state so that the masks should be available for the benefit of the people.
Bindas Syiem has refused to go to hospital after being on hunger strike for three days to demand the improvement of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road. .
The Government of India has promulgated the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 on 11th October,
The Minister said that these incidents are now happening because there is no land dispute.
The meeting was led by Bah BJ Kharchandy, ADC of the district, police chiefs, North Eastern Frontier Railway chiefs and others. The construction of the railway line has been delayed by the withdrawal of foreign civil society groups to oppose the proposal.
Replying to this reply, George said that it is not because he is speaking that the Chief Minister has not listened carefully to what he is saying, it is the people who are speaking and he has made their voice heard. At the same time, the people in the House said that if any incident occurs from the speech of Vicky Dey, who will be held responsible.
The Government of India is also using politicians from Meghalaya as modern tribal magicians who have been bought and brainwashed to mislead the people not to listen to the HNLC. which stands to demand the rights of an independent nation.
It is to be recalled that Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, from Wapungskur village, is a very sensitive person, after witnessing with her own eyes the severe impact of the poor families. due to the curfew in India, who survive by working day and night.
Chairman of KVIC VK Saxena said that this training is necessary because fish farming is important and this was done in line with the wishes of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. which was called the 'Sweet Revolution'
This is that the law is the law, and this amounts to a slap in the face to the chief minister , where he should refrain from such actions, but rather concentrate on thinking for “It's a good idea to have a job in the state,” said Tura MP Conrad.
Regarding the border checkpoint, the BGB has promised to work together to prevent the entry and exit of people from this country and Bangladesh. together in this regard to ensure that this work will go smoothly especially in East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, from the 2-Tura Parliamentary seat, although the Congress party has already issued its announcement for the name of Zenith Sangma, brother of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, it has changed the name of Zenith Sangma. Daryl William Cheran Momin.
Jowai, July 16: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJH) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner regarding the illegal shops and restaurants in East Jaintia Hills.
Disparsing said that unfortunately there are 97 temporary posts and the permanent posts have been abolished since 2010, but until now there are still those who have been appointed with pleasure. He said that there are still many more information to be received in the coming days.
The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU), Tengsak Momin, said that the churches need to take part in this process to seek peace and to explain to the rebel groups the importance of peace. comfortable.
The action of the KHADC is to protect the children of Hynniewtrep and we protect them as well.
School won the second and third places.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has informed Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem that he should do something to repair the water pipes.
After a discussion, they were able to form this association which they named NEICCUTA.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The State Executive Meeting of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today was held in Shillong to discuss the upcoming Lok Sabha MP and MDC elections. elections to the three District Councils in the state will be held next year.
Lyndoh said that in the past few months, several groups have come to meet him under the leadership of the HYC to discuss the administrative issue. order will be issued by the office of the Ministry of Social Welfare in
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs.
This will help a lot to get information.
As the party hopes that the problem of the people on the border of the state will soon be resolved.
He said that when you are a leader you know that there are many challenges in your work and many challenges even if you are a leader don't be afraid when you work as a leader. He said that the KSU is ready to donate its blood and even its body if it is in any struggle. if necessary.
Wankhar said the association cannot agree with the state government to conduct tests at different places like Jail Road because no one knows what will happen to the fish after they are taken. from the market.
The distribution of application forms will be based on the availability of application forms, according to a government statement issued today by the principal of Pine Mount School.
Replying to a tweet sent by the King of Bhutan, he said that the satellite built by the two countries known as the India-Bhutan SAT has been launched. between these two countries.
She also emphasized on the link between diet and various diseases and proper diet.
Nongpluh said the lack of government colleges in the area has created many problems for the students of the area to get colleges in Shillong.
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on his visit to Bangladesh, visited the place where Syiem Tirot Singh was imprisoned for life. a foreign country.
The discussion was fruitful in which the Minister gave many explanations and promised to take up the issues put before him.
The number of cases in the districts is 2, East Khasi Hills 176, Ri Bhoi 5, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Garo Hills 20 and West Jaintia Hills There are 212 cases so far.
"Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he added, "Even these days there is a thorough search for leaders of different countries and Modi comes first in the ability to lead the country. and with hard work we will be able to eradicate this corruption which has destroyed our country.
The purpose of the visit is to encourage and support our brothers and sisters in such situations. The Seng encourages them but this quarantine period is encouraging and a good example for the village, the community and the country as a whole. The Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla Barrister Kyndait, said in a statement,
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is now preparing to ask the government to appoint staff inside the hospital.
All North Koreans living under Kim Jong-un's rule must swear loyalty and obedience to him, his family and the country.
However, this book is against the long-standing demand and desire of many to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule which has led and misunderstood the students of the school. Speaking on the occasion, the Principal of Little Star Senior Secondary School, Baridua Ri Bhoi District, said that the Principal of Little Star Senior Secondary School, Baridua Ri Bhoi District As soon as he learned of this error, he stopped teaching and promised to write to the publisher to correct the book.
The Central Government has allocated 99,940 houses for the poor on government land and the funding for this scheme will be 10 per cent by the State Governments.
The union demands that the government should start the road from Nongstoin Rambrai to Kyrshai, one from Nongstoin Mawiet to Kulang, one from Nongstoin Ahim and Boko. in the West Khasi Hills.
The meeting also expressed its deep concern over the expulsion and restriction of income of market vendors which continues to this day, despite the recent ruling of the Meghalaya High Court. I have issued a Stay Order on this matter.
In particular, the union would like to extend its best wishes to all the employees of the health department and as the union we are ready to cooperate with them at this time in the fight against COVID-1
Jowai, March 28: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body is deeply saddened by the dismissal of Markatjuh Dkhar, a teacher of Chitang Memorial LP School, Khliehtyrchi without any reason. The Acting President of JYF-WW, Arlin Dkhar, said that the evidence was not sufficient according to the RTI request.
Once we have drafted the Manifesto, we will be able to implement the promise,” he added.
However, the surprising thing is that according to the notification of the Central Government in 1986, the State Governments have been directed to formulate Rules for the appointment of Post Supervisor and CDPO. “I have the right to be promoted to the rank of CDPO when there is a vacancy,” said Bah Synrem.
The House has approved these four Bills after the Executive has adjusted the wording and at the same time the House has also approved the amendments. Manstudy Nongrem on the issue of the Second Amendment Rules
The KSU also demands that the electricity line should be relocated from Tynnai to Mawbidong in all three villages in the Manad area to avoid such tragic incidents.
The JSU War Jaintia Circle has also demanded that MeECL should immediately provide electricity to Amdoh where the transformer has not been replaced for 2 years.
There are new goals, new opportunities, new determinations and new confidence," Modi said.
When he was taken to the hospital today, the hospital authorities suspected that he was infected with the Novel Coronavirus.
Besides, the farmers don't have enough money to buy rice and other food items because they can't sell their jhur every day.
Jowai, Naiwieng 7: The KSU Leimow Unit and Jowai Unit today met with the Manager of Jio Company at the office of the company in Jowai regarding the lack of services provided by the company. Network in Mootyrchiah, Mukhap and Mowkaaw.
The swearing-in ceremony will be held at 5.30 pm at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Even in Jowai, salonsar has not been accepted because there are no scripts in use for almost 400 years since the birth of Thomas Jones.
Therefore, the JSU, after receiving a complaint from the people, after careful consideration, is pleased to demand that the JHADC should issue this certificate to those who have been involved in the incident. Persons who need to have a Land Holding Certificate of their land.
The man is a government employee and his wife is a teacher in a private school.
Chairman of JACATCM, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that they have seen the government's special interest in the media, but no letter has come to them that the government will send a letter.
On Friday, Kong Nongrang will meet with the public from 11:00 am to 2:00 pm at the Police Headquarters, Shillong.
“On the other hand, Assam, according to the information received, has submitted it to the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Meghalaya has not been able to participate.
In this letter, the KSU has reminded that as it was discussed with the KSU leaders on 6/12/2023, the HLL will conduct an examination for the posts inside the hospital. The HLL team has set up four venues to conduct the examination.
We the Congress Party express our surprise and anger at the MDA government for ignoring and rejecting the views of the party on this issue of death – it does not live without respect or listen.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the heavy rains have affected West Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills and all other districts in the state. the roads are also destroyed.
Referring to education, the government does not have time to look after the education system to solve all the problems faced by the students of the state.
Regarding the 3082 polling stations in Meghalaya, 30% of which are without lights, the Election Commission has directed the government to provide them with lights. solar lights are not available.
Shillong, Lber 22: A man has been rescued by BSF troops from Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District after a boat overturned in the Ranikor River. which you are.
Taking advantage of the trade situation, resulting in higher prices for basic commodities.
Regarding the Village Councils, the Cabinet has decided to recommend to the Central Government to elect the Village Councils but the Chairman should be the Rangbah Shnong, Sordar, Nokma. These are the two recommendations of the Village Councils.
Their visit was to prepare for the elections to the State Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, we request all SSA teachers to attend the meeting,” said Kyllimot Lhuid, General Secretary of the MSSASA.
Through discussion and understanding, the Longkmie was readmitted at 3.15 pm in the isolation ward.
In a statement issued today, the DC said that it has received a tip that a person who has tested positive for COVId-19 has gone to the dealership. There is no need to quarantine those who have contacted him.
Conrad expressed his surprise that Ampati has been considered as a constituency that has developed in all aspects, but the surprising thing is that this constituency still lacks in schools and health facilities. in health and opportunities for farmers as well as for the youth in many fields.
Shillong, June 18: The body of Deenadayalan Vishwa from Tamil Nadu, Meghalaya, who came to take part in the Sports Games, has been found by the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. “The 83rd Senior National and Inter-State Championship 2021 was held in Shillong but this tragic incident occurred.
What is urgent now is that I should tell the public the truth as it is even if they are only VERBAL ORDERS because it is still possible to track where the money went in the end, and how it was used and by hand.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Thousands of ASHA workers today held a march in Shillong to demand an increase in their salaries. every claim is now slow.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: As a state, from the political parties, government ministers, district councils, Dorbar Trai Ri and all the citizens. They have opposed and expressed that we have rejected the Citizenship Amendment Bill in the past years.
The union also urged the government to expedite the delivery of relief to those families affected by the cyclone in Lawbah, Pyndensohsaw and Hatmawdon.
When it comes to the District Councils of the state and in the North East, we turn to the KHADC as the mother.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The recruitment of youths who want to join the police force is ongoing in Mawiong and Tura.
The issue of allocation of funds for new schemes through assistance from the Central Government was also discussed.
The borrowing of 0.50 percent of GSDP by the approved States and the funds generated through the special scheme delivered to the States/UTs
It was suggested that it is necessary to use technology such as drones to obtain more information, and this information will greatly assist the State Government authorities to promote tourism and will promote employment opportunities in the state.
In his speech, Prasad praised the services of the Ramakrishna Mission to the community in various fields especially during the Covid pandemic.
They demanded that the central and state governments should take a decision on their demand.
Gujarat is one of the best implementing states of the Jal Jeevan Mission.
There are 16 recoveries, 11 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. 3, West Garo Hills 2.
Ranjit Rabha and Samudra Gupta from Assam have painted the face of Birsa Munda on the back of their own Rabha date as a sign of nationalism.
It is to be recalled that last month, the party had distributed these leaflets to different villages especially in the Sumer District where there is a suspicion that the railway line will reach these areas. .
Khim Singh, 46, was admitted to NEIGHRIHMS Hospital on 27/8/2020. Before being admitted to the hospital, he had no illness at home. He passed away on 10/9/2020 at 10:00 pm.
The procession was also attended by the Paid u Blei from Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and other ethnic groups.
The match was very interesting and friendly from the start of the match in which they fought hard for the victory.
The Minister in charge of Education said that these two schools will start school from 1st June 2024 and the call for recruitment in these schools has been held by the central government through an independent body.
During the investigation, Bah Lamare confessed that he had come to buy these beverages from Kalain in Assam with the intention of drinking for himself and at the same time to sell these beverages.
ShUK Nayal, DIG and PRO of BSF Meghalaya Frontier welcomed the runner at Guwahati today on the border with Assam and Meghalaya. Shillong will pay tribute to the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the country at Saheed Smarak at BSF camp in Umpling.
Shillong, November 01: Lieutenant General Depinder Singh Ahuja has been appointed as the General Officer Commanding 101 Area from 26th November.
The traffic will also be for Sunday as well as those who are already on the road to Wah Umkhrah on Weiking Road and Petrol Pump Thangkhiew Point.
The 100 bed hospital was completed in 2013 and the works were commissioned in 2014 and has been operating since then. Other government officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare were also present at the ceremony.
The Prime Minister pointed out the impact of this situation, as evidenced by the shortage of resources.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 555, 109 have recovered, 15 have recovered today, 14 BSF personnel and 1 civilian have died so far.
At the same time, the Seng feels that by having any signs on the streets or in any place, it will remind every visitor to know and recognize the name and language of any place, and we have to respect it, because it is our mother tongue.
The Minister also distributed agricultural products such as medicine sprayers, pumps and garbage dumps to those who deserve them.
MPs and MLAs should understand this and talk about it because it is for the sake of development.
Meanwhile, the Regional Committee for Jaintia Hills has not yet submitted its report to the Chief Minister.
These doctors are from Guwahati.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony of Bah Embhah Syiemlieh to the NPP party at Mawlaidatbaki Dorbar Hall, he said that once he joined the NPP party, it was easier. friends are not thankful.
Shillong, March 19: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today announced that the party has nominated candidates from four MDC constituencies. announce it soon these days.
He expressed his regret over this act which is a barbaric act which the government will not tolerate.
These three villages fall under the Mawthadraisan Assembly Constituency, which has been led by Bah Brolding Nongsiej for the past 10 years. .
His contribution will never be forgotten by the country.
Referring to the political situation, he said that if the election is held now, it cannot affect but the time is still 10 years, if it is not held now, it cannot affect, but the time is still 10 years. However, the Congress is a big party, some have joined and some have left.
To oversee the implementation and assistance, the CSMC was established at the VEC levels which empowered the villagers to oversee the implementation of central government schemes so that the households would not be left behind and “It's not like we're going to be able to get these schemes,” said Marak in a statement sent to the media.
The recruitment in Shillong will be an opportunity for the youth from the state to take part in the tournament which will be held at the Polo Ground.
At this meeting, government departments presented their respective works and at this meeting it was also discussed how to overcome the problems in the implementation, not to point fingers.
He said that there will always be differences of opinion but they cannot be resolved by coming to the negotiating table without carrying a gun.
The Chief Minister praised the police for doing many things, but in this age with the availability of powers, it has brought about a great change, he said. just as technologies can bring chaos there are also technologies that can prevent it.
Speakers on the occasion were Phuyosa Yobin, Muktiar, Tilok Das, David Kharsati and Egenstar Kurkalang.
He was the leader of the group to destroy all the Mynder at that time whether in the city or outside the city, and this courage of Bah Bull Nongjop Lyngdoh brought peace to the city. now yours.
PM addressing Asian Games Medal winners at Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium, in New Delhi on October 10, 2023.
While the Upper Primary School has been increased from T.25,000 to T.33,000, the government has increased the salary of teachers by T.1,764 lakh per annum.
They have demanded that the Council should take action in this regard. .
Shillong, Lber 11: U Bah Dino DG Dympep, in his speech at the UN Session on Human Rights in Geneva, said that the Rape of girls in southern Asia is very common.
Shillong, March 10; The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle on Saturday launched its new office at Lapangap Village, West Jaintia Hills. The meeting was chaired by Chanbor War, Vice President of KSU Nartiang Circle.
“Ka AJYWO is deeply saddened by the government's ban on the internet in the past few days, as it has enlightened the people.
“After the removal of Bah Bashemphang Thabah, we demand that the KHADC should expedite the election to elect the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong so that the Khadar rule in the Hima Sohiong can run smoothly. play chess.
The arrested were identified as Predikson A. Sangma alias Sin Ara, 32, resident of Ambre Ading, Rongjeng, East Garo Hills. Setbingstar D. Shira, 33, resident of Nongchram Dekmik, East Garo Hills, has been arrested.
Justine Dkhar, who was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in 2013, from the 6th Khliehriat LA Constituency, one of the issues he put forward was The Khliehriat C&RD Block, which is the capital of East Jaintia Hills District, has been relocated to Khliehriat C&RD Block. The MLA's wish for the benefit of the people has come true.
Ardent said that the political parties should ensure that these foreigners are not turned into vote banks. in this state.
For any complaints, please call the President and General Secretary on 8837287374 or
He said that during the MLA election 2013, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma had promised to give T.5000 to the women of Selsella constituency and the money was sent to their accounts. , but after the election, their accounts were canceled because they were given in the form of money.
Inspector General of Police (A).
Ampati short 02; The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Koch Cultural Centre-cum-Museum at Ghasura near Ampati.
Dr. Marak said that it was Sonaram R. Sangma who was able to unite the people of Garo Hills, in terms of land use, land encroachment and how to preserve their own land. the ground is shyiap.
The Seng said that it will cooperate with the MLA of the area Bah Hamletson Dohling who has taken responsibility for this issue and at the same time the Seng urges the Government to take immediate action. while the Government is preparing to move the Police Outpost.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that it is necessary for the school principals to take action in the work for the development of the youth. the youth in such a way as to move the country forward and to become responsible citizens.
“If they are found involved in the theft of electricity, MeECL should take action against the people involved,” he said.
Besides Meghalaya, other states in the North East which have been selected to have this indoor cricket training center are Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland. and Sikkim.
The children and grandchildren of late Handerson Syiemlieh were very much excited about this discovery and appreciated the efforts of the ZSI team led by Dr.Sen.
The Pradesh Congress Committee wishes him a happy birthday and hopes that he will continue to lead the country to fight against the party. The MPCC hopes that the party leader will bring peace and stability in the country and especially to the minorities. The poor and the rich, the organization congratulates you on this day of your birth.
Dr Nonglait said, “I would like to inform you that these three issues are the land in Khasi Hills. One is for us to protect the right to longtrai and to decide and I put this in the hands of many churches, and we must be brave, wise and skilled.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 07: The Department of Expenditure, Finance Department today released the eighth monthly payment of the Post Development Revenue Deficit (PDRD) Grant of Rs 7,183.42 crore to 14 States. .
The purpose of the meeting was to promote trade from Meghalaya within the District Hub. The meeting was held at the District Commerce and Industries Centre, Shillong.
We are not thinking only of ourselves, but we are thinking of the education of the state as a whole.
Regarding the implementation of NREGA in the state, Meghalaya is still less than 60% and for this reason, to strengthen how to increase the implementation of NREGA in the rural areas, this has been taken. Through this, we will be able to protect the water sources, to preserve the soil, to protect the environment and to improve the quality of work through this 100 days bill. Shillong, November 06: “In the service of God, there is no wealth, no rank, no small or large, it is the same” said Rev. Richard Majaw, Vicar General of Shillong Archdiocese. at the Fourth General Assembly of the Union of Catholic Women of Shillong Archdiocese held at St. Joseph's Church Laitkor on 5th November
Police also recovered 286.93 grams of Gajnja, 20 Nitrazapam tablets, 330 empty containers, 10 injection needles, three golden tins, six mobile phones, one. a Scooty, two taxis and cash worth T.1,49,280/-.
Jacman Shira, owner of kwai farm, said that the incident happened early this morning when the elephants came and destroyed the farmland. The place where the fields are grown has been destroyed by these wild animals.
Referring to the joining of MLAs from the Congress party to the NPP, Conrad said that these leaders who have joined the NPP are leaders who have a foundation and who have been able to but unfortunately the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has not allowed them to work.
In the presence of Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, MLAs Jim Sangma, Thomas A Sangma, Brening Sangma, Rupert Momin and Pongseng Marak.
The union also warned the people who are fighting against this good deed done by the DC East Jaintia, and urged the DTO of East Jaintia Hills to take action against those who are fighting according to the law. law.
Embhahlang asked the MLA of Sohiong, why the Sohiong Block, although it was not included in the budget speech, has already been opened and why the Mawlai Block has not been opened yet. of the Minister said the reason was location.
Not only the residents of the village have expressed their sorrow over this incident in the Lukha River, but almost all those who love fishing have also expressed their sorrow over this.
The computer training center is supported by the CBM India Trust in collaboration with the Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre.
However, I would like to insist that we are ready and we urge them to think carefully on this occasion, we want lasting peace and therefore we want to insist that we should come to the negotiating table once again. “But as I said on the conversation with them or the message, I have not seen any writing,” Sangma said.
On this occasion, a Khasi dance was performed by the students of MLCU. Bah Phit Mukhim Rangbah Shnong said that this training will be of benefit to the people of MLCU. After that, we went to visit the Rashi Falls.
In addition, about 60% of students use private vehicles to travel to different schools.
Budget- Mangtyngka the amount of funds allocated for the implementation period in the State Government for the purpose of building and developing the people in the community and for the maintenance of public facilities in the community.
The Expert Committee has been directed to submit its report to the State Government within 12 months.
MAWU President Mira June Myrsing said, “At the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on 30th March, we received a promise that the demand for improvement will be discussed. but we don't think it will be like this.
Speaking to media, he said that the family of Mawthengkut MLA Methodius and Mawthadraishan MLA Shakliar Warjri have been threatened for their support. He said that it seems that there are people who want to take over the rule of law, where the people have chosen to send their leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Swami Yogatmanandaji Maharaj, Minister in charge of Vedanta Centres, Providence, USA, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning for a two-day stay.
During the investigation, the foreigners said that they were planning to work in Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills and when the members of the union asked for the documents from these foreigners, they did not have any documents. They said that they are Indian citizens and immediately the members of the party deported the foreigners and the vehicle that entered the state illegally without proper documents.
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongbareh Unit on Saturday renewed its full office bearers for the year 2019-2
Shillong, July 6: The family of Bah Selukos Shadap from Mawrong village in Ri Bhoi District, who was evicted on charges of menshoh, has said that they are ready to make peace with the village. this is why till date they have not filed any complaint against anyone.
The recruitments are being made in central government departments and the State/UT Governments are supporting this initiative.
Dr Joshi, who is in Meghalaya in preparation for the 2018 elections, has met with the MLAs today followed by a meeting with the MLAs. party workers from different districts of the state.
On the other hand, Bah PDkhar, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, said that the polling station will have to be held again.
Police have recovered several firearms and bullets from their residence, pistols and documents related to the union. every question.
In particular, the team would like to invite all of you to take part in this event so that it will be a special celebration of the environment and a successful and memorable race.
He expressed his gratitude for the support of Nari Shakti for this initiative.
She said that there should be more trips abroad by our teachers and students.
“The DHS has also promised the Association that the department will look into the implementation of the Service Rule within this month and promised that this matter will be taken up for discussion with the authorities in the coming months. I'm sorry,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
The body of an elderly man was found at Nongkseh, Upper Shillong on the 6th of this month.
: Trinamool Congress MLA from Nongthymmai, Bah Charles Pyngrope on Friday urged the State Government to take immediate measures to end discrimination against any religious group.
On the same day, the Commission also launched the new A-WEB India Journal.
Bah Badapbiang Kurbah from Child Protection urged to avoid too close contact between boys and girls in schools or in any other place to avoid these evils because there are many laws. If you are married to a girl under 18 years of age.
It was found that only 32.9% of the voters in East Khasi Hills District have registered while in South West Khasi Hills District 54% and in South West Garo Hills 73%.
He said that the HYC does not accept the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 and will protest against it.
Jaian said that the KSU will continue to monitor this and if the PHE cannot do anything, the KSU will take other strong measures.
“According to the rules, two days before the start of the dorbar, it should be submitted to all the members of the Council,” he said.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to leave it to the discretion of the party MDCs on the dissolution of the Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) in collaboration with the Indian National Congress (INC).
On the other hand, Bah Kit appealed to the public to support this film and this is the fourth film he has released so far. but there shall be only restraint.
Therefore, the KSU invites all the leaders and members of the KSU from 1978 to those who are currently in office to attend this celebration which will start at 12 noon at the KSU office. .Furthermore, because the number of members of the party since the past has increased, the party cannot find or meet each and every one of them. I came together on this special day without hesitation.
It is on this basis that until now there are people who take advantage of government schemes and even the NERGS scheme which is not allowed by law.
On the allegation that Rahul Gandhi is not the candidate for the post of Prime Minister, Dr Lyngdoh said that only the people of India can issue a certificate. He said that this is not true as many of the old leaders are still holding office in various positions.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District on Friday met with the CEM of KHADC to seek clarification on the delay in the implementation of the Rs 25 crore allocation allocated from the Khasi Hills District. part of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road.
This flood has been affecting every year during the rainy season and other organizations in charge of the druh have tried to protect them from the places where they can see that they are not. to die in this flood.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah, urged all the people of the state to work together with the government because victory will be the cooperation of the people. The government has issued it from time to time.
During the programme, officers of the Department of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Fishery, Health and Family gave explanations and explanations to the public on various schemes and programs including MGNREGA, PMAY, NRLM and others. Welfare and also Branch Manager, Mairang Branch.
Ltd.
The union also informed the SDO about some of the posts that have collapsed and some of them have almost cut down the signs and urged the office to take immediate action to avoid any tragic incidents and take measures. to erect the signs that have been cut off from the village within the elaka.
He said that the Minister has promised that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will send a written notice to the discussions today. the 108 will affect as it is now.
He said that since the upgradation of the PHC in 2001, there have been many shortcomings which have affected the quality of health care to the residents.
Shillong, March 07: Hindu devotees have flocked to pandals around Shillong to visit their places of worship during the two days of Durga Puja. you are snow.
“The report they will submit to the state government is to show the state government that this is the basis on which the KHADC stands,” said Titosstarwell.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah M Ryngksai, on Tuesday said that the village will not accept the MHIS scheme of the Meghalaya government because in Dawki there is a Dorbar Shnong and not a Panchayat. books which they distributed.
If such things happen it will cause a lot of problems especially to the workers not only to the workers but also to the residents children and the biggest loss as now is to the people of the area. The union would like to thank the village authorities of Nongkroh and the volunteers of the village for taking care of this incident so that nothing tragic happens to these workers.
The teachers urged the government to reconsider from the beginning to the end without prejudice. If the government does not, they will take to the streets to protest, said Happiness. Shillong Press Club.
As the villages there are two parts, one is the work of the Dorbar Shnong according to the customs and traditions and the other is the work of the Dorbar Shnong according to the customs and traditions. The 15Finance Commission has set many conditions for obtaining development projects.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew who stressed on the need for the farmers to stand united and expressed his satisfaction with the initiative of some of the leaders. farmers of Ribhoi.
The delay by Bah PN Syiem to appoint the two vacant EM seats in the EC has also caused problems within the UDP which has the majority of MDCs in the 29-member House.
During the meeting, the members of HITO and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima arranged to conduct an inspection of the market regarding the presence of foreigners staying in the market.
Dr Donkupar said he expects the HSPDP and UDP to continue to work together.
In this regard, it has already set the price for various diseases in such a way that the company will pay if more than their price the patient has to pay from his own plan, for example if the patient The cost of admission to the ICU is T.1000/- per day, if the person is free from infection, the fee is T.1100/- tyngka, if the person is admitted to the hospital, the fee is T.200/- and so on set their own prices.
You can get this juice from all the shops across India.
In areas where other ethnic groups live without proper documents, they will be deported if they do not have proper documents.
During his visit, he also briefed the Eastern Air Command and the Directorate General of the Assam Rifles.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to cancel the permit issued to UCIL for the uranium industry.
Shillong, March 23: The BJP has announced its candidacy for the 7-War East MDC constituency of JHADC in the mid-term elections to be held in November. announced by the President of the Association, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
The CM was also informed that Article 5 of the IOA & AA stipulates that the laws of India shall be in accordance with the customs and traditions of the Khasi throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills including the Municipality of Shillong and the Cantonment. which have been wrongly stated in the Constitution of India that they do not belong to the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media, he said that the MDA government's complaint to the HCM against the decision of the Lokayukta to send an inquiry into the illegal coal mining, the government should The state government has immediately rejected the complaint and the demand has started from today.
As the coal miners and coal owners have been severely affected by the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the mining and transportation of coal, the department has He explained how this proposal should also have rules in relation to this coal mining industry for the benefit of the people of the state.
Why doesn't the NPP-led government understand that? In fact, if the government wants to empower the courts, the government should have passed other laws like the Meghalaya Criminal Procedure Code and the Meghalaya Civil Code. Procedure Code and when drafting these, it should be ensured that the powers of the District Council Courts and Courts of Trai Ri will not be affected or if they implement the CPC and CRPc improperly, they should do so only in the District Courts and Village Courts. , Hima and Kashari District Councils should be released and the power of the District Council Courts to hear cases between the Riewlum should not be abolished.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Christian people around the world have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister for his willingness to meet with the teachers of the SSA. The day was celebrated in a special way to commemorate the greatest event in the resurrection of Christ Jesus from the dead after being crucified. This day is known as the Passover.
He added that the Jaitbynriew is like a body if one of the members of the body is sick or the whole body will become weak and dead if we cannot treat it quickly. time is not enough.
He said that the Seng has demanded that the management of NEIGRIHMS should allow the state residents to participate in this process.
New Delhi, July 29: The first term of the next 10 years will start today.
"This second collection of songs, entitled 'KLIAR' which contains one song, proves that the song and siaw in Khasiland is well developed, therefore, it is necessary to give the best to promote it. an.
“We are surprised at the desire of the Assam police to provide security or development in Block 1 and other Meghalaya-Assam border areas along with all kinds of intimidation against our people from the disruption of trade, “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Samla Albinus Lamurong, Asst General Secretary, KSU Jaintia Hill District Unit.
The suspects were identified as Damewanhi Rymbai, 28, Hilari Dkhar, 24, Wanmi Muksor, 30, and 15 grams of heroin. Deimon Shadap, 29, Deibor Sutnga, 31, Banjop Suklain, 25, and Masoom Choudhary.
Modi said the system in which 25% of the medicines are purchased by private hospitals will continue.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that 330 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 today and 77% of them have not yet been vaccinated.
Is it possible to issue a certificate less than 1 year before the birth of a person as it is not said that this person will be born next year?
She said the rules apply to all advertisements, regardless of the medium of use and warn stars and influencers of any activity involved in the promotion or issuance of online advertising on the market, as it is which is considered illegal, means that they are also involved in these illegal activities.
Through twitter, police said that 12 mobile devices, 23 ATM cards, 12 pass books of various banks were seized from them. these people may also be involved in deceiving others.
In a letter sent to the Executive Director of NERLDC, NEEPCO has written several times to MePDCL to pay the light bill but it has not paid the light bill. The light bill is T.156.70 crore, the long-term bill is T.347.71 crore and the total bill has reached T.504.41 crore as of 15/03/2
Martamlin said that to bring about peace in the village is not only the responsibility of the Rangbah and Secretary Shnong but it is the responsibility of all the villagers to work together for the safety of the village. The Rangbah Shnong had to think many times.
Shillong, July 20: The Model Degree College building at Patharkhmah in Jirang Constituency has been reported in the media in the past few days.
Shillong, March 28: Shillong Police today arrested the Secretary of the KSU Mawkynroh Unit, Kyntiewborlang Marbaniang on charges of involvement in the attempted burning of a truck at NEHU. house where the tenants of the school live.
He said that out of the six districts within the Khasi Hills, three District Committees have been established, West Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District which has been confirmed and South West Khasi Hills District which has been confirmed. be confirmed in the new year.
Shillong, July 08: Border Security Force (55) Battalion troops on receiving a tip-off conducted a raid and seized several sarees smuggled to Bangladesh.
The festival, which is being held in collaboration with the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development Government of India, will help in promoting the state abroad.
According to sales data, in the last fiscal year 2022-23, on Gandhi Jayanti, the sales at Khadi Bhawan at Connaught Place, Delhi were T.1,33,95,0 for T.1,52,45,000.
The organization in a small capacity has tried to donate masks to the drivers of commercial vehicles, to the elderly, and to some shops in Riangdo market. They should work together to eradicate and fight against such a disease with the strength of the people.
The General Secretary of the party was also informed.
At this meeting, it was said that the promise has been suspended and will not be implemented until the public hearing is completed. accept.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that many applications have been received but as some of them have not yet been submitted, the deadline has been extended until the second day. they cannot send, they cannot send.
To avoid spreading garbage especially plastic into the river, to clean the surrounding areas, to clean vehicles along the river, especially inside the river, and others. for the purpose of cleanliness which will be obtained from other experts.
The total number of people tested positive for COVID-19 so far is 96305, the number of recoveries is 94327, the death toll has risen to which is regulated by the Ministry of Health.
This has been witnessed by the disappearance of many of the words 'Paka nylla' of the Pnar language in this age. and other languages ​​which we don't speak anymore.
Finance and Social Welfare Minister of Assam Government, Ajanta Neog who attended the meeting spoke about the measures taken by the Assam Government for the welfare of children and women.
Initially, two persons were arrested and through them others were arrested.
Shillong, Lber 22: The office of the Deputy Labor of West Khasi Hills District has issued a notice on Wednesday banning the employment of children under the age of 14 years as mentioned in the Child Labor Act ( Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986.
In his speech, he explained that the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence is to make India self-sufficient in all aspects and the goal is to achieve This is known as the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav.
The NPP was formed in 2012 and has now started to flourish in Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland with the support of people of all religions.
There were about three armed men who tried to kidnap Rana when Abhijit tried to protect him but the gunmen shot him and he is now in civil custody. Tura Hospital for treatment.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Deibormi Syad.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) in collaboration with the staff of the SSA of 12 Lairkroh Block Center on the 19th of this month donated 100,000 rupees to the victims. The house of Kong Kyndiang Dohling who has a disability and cannot speak for the murder of her enemy.
Shillong, Lber 31: Fifteen shops have been destroyed by a fire at Mawlai Mawdatbaki bus stand at Mawlai bus stand at 2.30 pm this morning. duh in this fire.
In the case of an independent inspection team, it must be impartial and the team must submit a report and they must submit it as if it happened, as it is necessary to know who it is. After that, you can't claim to send hair shuki.
Although these teams from the same village met in the final, they were able to show their fighting spirit and entertain the crowd.
The last date to withdraw from the contest will be on 10/2/2023 if the candidates wish to withdraw.
Police have stepped up patrols to check vehicles coming and going on the Shillong-Guwahati highway as well as in Motphran, Khyndailad and other parts of Shillong. ensure that the people do not take to the streets without work.
As a party, we will sit down to look into the political changes in the state and we will have to work harder how as a party we can take this change.
On the other hand, the state police have understood that the area is an illegal drug shop and now they want to clean up the area from the illegal drug trafficking in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit, after holding the election for the 2018-2021 term, has held its first meeting of leaders. District on 30 June 2018 where they discussed many issues for the welfare of the District in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) of West Garo Hills District today in a statement urged the public to be vigilant against the offer that you have won the KBC Lottery known as “Kaun Banega Crorepati" which used to be broadcast by Amitabh Bachchan on TV. These days the public has received notifications through WhatsApp from numbers starting from 0092 and 0091 to tell people They have been selected for the prize of T.25,00,000/- tyngka because their mobile number has been selected by the KBC. They are the KBC officials and said that the prize money will be deposited into their account.
The office has informed that if anyone has any information about the child please contact the District Child Protection Unit at Lachumiere East Khasi Hills District on -2502310, the phone number of the Child Welfare Committee is 0364-2502310 and the phone number of Lawei Baphyrnai Specialized Adoption Agency, Shillong is
On the issue of construction of railway line in Meghalaya, the president of the KSU has urged the District Council to issue NOC for the construction of railway line in Meghalaya. Inner Line Permits (ILP).
In this petition, the party has put forward 10 demands besides the demand for Garo State.
A festival was also held as part of the programme, which showcased the great culture of Meghalaya in a beautiful manner.
Boy’s Junior – 1Dabit Dkhar, 2.
The government has taken all necessary measures to restore peace and order in this part of the state.
"“ The signs have shown that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya have completely ignored the NH44 which is the bloodline of Meghalaya and other states in the North East. India has not yet indicated whether the government will repair this road.
“On the ILP, after the Legislative Assembly passed the Resolution in 2019, the Government has sent to the Central Government to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and we have asked what. Before the elections to the Legislative Assembly, we also asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and he promised that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet will meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah. “He (Prestone) has informed that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet have met with Narendra Modi and regarding the ILP so far. The Government of India has not yet given a clear answer on whether it will implement it.
Betty, said that the family members of the deceased have been informed by phone at 9862438169/8
Regarding the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled Rules, the DCA Dept informed that the State Government is still studying and is still under the supervision of the State Government authorities. Click here to comment on the Sixth Scheduled.
On behalf of the people of Meghalaya, the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas ) from North East India, we send our condolences on the passing away of President Nelson Madiba (Madiba), former President of South Africa.
The Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Madonbai Rymbai, told SP News Agency that the bill is being prepared now and if it can be passed, it will be brought to the Assembly. long next November.
We have recently published a book on the rights and history of the Hima Khasi States from 1773 to 2017 so that the authorities and leaders of NGOs can read and understand their history. right.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor expressed his gratitude to the residents of the village who have been able to maintain peace and order and on the other hand, the BJP party will strive to bring about unity and unity. any religion and in the state as a whole.
“In fact, the coal owners should sell the coal. The question is whether they have reached the market,” said John F Rymbai, President of the Meghalaya People's Coal Traders Welfare Organization.
He said that out of the four persons who met with the CEM yesterday, two of them have been fined by the High Court of Meghalaya. .
A new Vistadome coach was also launched on the Budgam-Banihal railway in Jammu and Kashmir.
At the cleaning areas, people can take pictures and upload them to this site.
Dr.Daniala emphasized the importance of safety protocols to protect the health of staff working in operating theatres.
The reason for his desire to contest the election from this party is that people have seen his ability to speak out on the issues of the people in this state in the National Assembly india , Parliament.
To avoid misunderstanding, the NEC spokesperson explained that they do not support such invitations to start their own businesses after they have been trained in various trainings.
In his speech, the president of the party, Dr Donkupar Roy, said that he wishes all the seven MLAs of the party to win again and also to all the candidates of the party UDP to win. to win the rule in the state after the MLA elections.
There were 2,411 Regular and Non-Regular candidates while 1,935 passed with a pass percentage of
He also urged the students to have that plan for the future of their lives and to be children with dignity.
He said that the exhibition will also open up the door to know the customs and traditions of others as the books are a sight to see the way of life and customs of others in the country and the North East. I'm from India.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that as part of the “Fit India Movement”, the Prime Minister said that the march will be held once a month from his residence to the Secretariat every Tuesday. also the officers and students to do this.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that there will be no government that will play chess and do things against the people because they are here to rule for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The opposition MDCs from the United Democratic Party (KPP) on Tuesday left the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the last day of the special session. The Executive Committee has not decided to send the Second Amendment Bill, 2023 to the Select Committee.
At this programme, Samla Halen Nongtdu launched the jerseys of the Bataw Youth Welfare Sport Club and wished the BYWSC all the best.
Shillong, Nailar 07: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the second case of COVID-19 positive in the country is the Delta Varian. ".
The union also informs the government that when declaring a person positive, it should be confirmed first because it has been witnessed that in the first test report he was declared positive but in the second test report (which is more detailed) he was not. confirm that it is negative.
By providing full vehicles with respectful and experienced drivers and prioritizing occupant safety, we will provide a perfect service that guests will remember their visit for.
She was also the President of Mawlai Pyllun Women's Wing and Mawlai Nonglum Women's Wing for many years.
The sneg strongly condemns the violence of the police and the lack of compassion for those who earn from their hands and feet and the union demands that the expenses of the jhur vendors should be paid immediately. The district authorities should ensure that this does not happen again.
Anyone who drinks more than 30 mg to 100 ml will be punished according to the rules of the Driving Act and will not be imprisoned and fined 3000 tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Langsning, Bah Erland Sun, said that the society is happy when women come out and encourages people to do to those who do not do what is right.
The truck drivers alleged that these people charge 100 tyngka for each truck with 6 Shaka, and 200 to 300 tyngka for those with 10 Shaka or more.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the mid-term elections for the two Assembly Constituencies in Meghalaya, the 51st South Tura (ST) Assembly Constituency and the 35th Assembly Constituency. Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency under Section 126A of the RP Act, 1951, which prohibits the media from publishing news on who will win or lose in this election. Committee.
The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare should take responsibility to implement the government's promises to set up a blood bank to provide services to the people of Jaintia Hills as promised. JSU demands for the benefit of future generations who are suffering from illness.
The Minister also mentioned some of the requirements for the establishment of the Medical College. She said that there is a need for a hospital with 220 beds and the Medical College should accommodate 50 students. which has not yet achieved this requirement.
At the time of writing, the District Administration is still struggling to complete all the requirements according to the rules of the government.
He has also directed the Chief Secretary of the State Government and the Director General of Police to talk to the Assam Government officials to ensure that there will be no interference. The government has been very vigilant in this regard.
Jesper Bare, Ma.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today informed the public that for the smooth running of the registration of nominations for the MDC election to the JHADC, vehicles must be 100 meters away from the DC's office. Only three persons will be allowed to enter the room of the Returning Officers during the filing of their nominations. four rounders shall be five.
On the day of the indefinite strike, the Vice Chancellor was not present inside the office as he was on leave and it was witnessed that many of the classrooms were empty after the strike. According to the President of the JAC, Prof. Lakhon Kma, the Vice Chancellor has called for talks with the leaders. The JAC is only in the newspapers and not by sending or informing the JAC. He said that the JAC is very concerned about the future of the students, but they have to think how to fight not to lose classes than students because the examinations are also over.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Jairam Rames, Member of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Tuesday said that the party will oppose the BJP government's plan to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill at this juncture. a month in parliament.
New Delhi, Lber 10: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has urged the Union Army to conduct special recruitment for women.
Similarly, 9000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras provide medicines at affordable prices.
He said that they will meet soon and after that they will be able to send a letter to the PDF leader , Bah PN Syiem , who is the CEM PDF in KHADC is the decision of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party that this is the supreme authority of the party.
During the investigation, it was found to be amphetamine (crystal meth).
It is said that what is written about Syiem Tirot Singh is only one side and that is only from the writings written by the French. Those writings are from 1829 to 1835 which do not give what really happened. .
According to the Act, the government has made it clear that all the residents have to register at the police stations. The law has to do everything together, the villagers will face problems according to this law because it has not said anything to release the villagers.
On the other hand, Chandranathan DGP praised the work of the BSF troops who are the first troops to protect the border of the country.
He said that on the second day they will meet together to arrange for them to become one and as of now there is no difference of opinion.
Shillong, July 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the garbage dump at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District, in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling. , Nongpoh MLA Bah M Syiem and other public leaders.
“Look now, the Hima Khyriem and Hima Mylliem, which still hold their religion and customs, if there was no District Council 70 years ago, they would have disappeared because we don't have a special protection law in the Constitution of India. he said.
“If we can bring in adequate broadband services in the region, the youth of the North East will have opportunities close to home to find employment opportunities.
Police said that no casualties or injuries were reported in the fire, but the house was damaged.
“I am deeply saddened by the death of these soldiers in this tragic incident, my thoughts are with you and your family,” said the Prime Minister.
" said Raymond Kharjana.
He spoke about the change in the way he started the work in which he laid the foundation stone and inaugurated the project.
This will be the first time that India will participate in the ASEAN meeting after increasing the number of member countries in the ASEAN to discuss issues related to defense issues. The meeting, held in 2022, is aimed at reviewing relations between ASEAN countries and India.
At this time of crisis , the Seng does not want to talk too much but will provide a service to the people of the area and the Jaitbynriew by being ready to come forward and send volunteers of the Seng to leave 108 or Ambulance to transport COVID 19 patients or even if there are cases of death if there are no drivers to drive.
The signature will be held not only in Shillong but throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
She has held the post of Dolloi for nearly 20 years (1993-2014) and has served the children of thousands and her country. the Hima and Elaka, without wasting their power and time.
During the visit, the Chief Minister also met with the Minister in charge of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman. During the meeting, he congratulated and requested the Union Government to continue. Continue to support Meghalaya in development projects.
In this regard, the government has already sent the Meghalaya Piggery Mission scheme to the Central Government worth T.220 crore.
According to his confession to the police, he joined the HNLC in 2016 when he was only 16 years old and now he is 17 years old.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Police Special Cell today tracked down a man from Khyndailad to Motphran and went down to Umsohsun. Police have arrested him at this time.
No Right Turn from Green Hills Junction for vehicles coming from Polo Towers Road and those wishing to go to 4th Furlong, will have to turn right at Polo Market and proceed to 4th Furlong.
: +91-11-23978046 or 1075 (toll-free).
The 7th objective of the organization is to provide explanation and discussion on the unique history of the jaitbynriew especially in relation to the rule of law in which the jaitbynriew has signed the Agreement with the India or the Instrument of Accession and other related fields.
The party has sent up to five names of candidates from Shillong and seven from Tura constituency.
