Shillong, July 29: It is useless to proclaim patriotism if all 60 MLAs, 90 MDCs of Khasi Jaintia & Garo including three MPs do not dare to demand from the Government of India to introduce the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. under Article 370 of the Constitution of India, as part of the Citizenship Amendment Bill
In other districts, Ri Bhoi District has 19 cases, East Garo Hills 2 cases, West Garo Hills 9 cases, South Garo Hills 2 cases, East Garo Hills 1 case and North Garo Hills 1 case.
“If men who came from women should understand and respect women, then as a nation we should fight against them, but as mothers we should fight against them. The income is given to the children with money until the children don't know how to respect their parents”.
On the other hand, the villages around Umpleng have now deployed more than 100 VDPs a day to patrol the area along with the police.
The union also urges the farmers to turn to their agriculture in the coming days so that it will not be affected.
He said that by November 2020, three more states including Uttarakhand, Nagaland and Manipur will be included in this program and the department is preparing all the requirements to include all the states. 14 states under the ONOC program by the end of this year.
The only catch is that there are few accommodations.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Deputy Secretary in-charge Land has been directed to issue the circular immediately and to provide a copy to the KHAD ( Act, 2021 to all banks and savings banks to comply with the following guidelines.
Conrad won the mid-term MP election from the 2-Tura parliamentary constituency against the Congress candidate Dikkanchi D Shira.
The police will fight against these perpetrators as this is to destroy the youth of the state and the government has decided to eradicate this crime.
Regarding the demand for the rectification of the border between these states, Meghalaya and Assam, it is a long standing demand of NESO. “The students' group demands that the border between the two states should be resolved as soon as possible so that the people living on the border can live in peace,” said Bah Samuel Jyrwa in a statement. sent today.
He said that the smugglers are still waiting for the officials later to send from the Karbi Autonomous Council to close the check gate and reach peace.
He also asked about the development of self-floatation technology to combat emergencies when underwater for more than 72 hours.
On the other hand, the regional parties are also present in the states and have their own power because of the desire of the people to express and preserve the image of the culture of the jaidbynriew and this is evident through the victory of the DMK in the elections. Tamil Nadu, the YSRCP in Andhra Pradesh, the INC, the Akalis in Punjab, the TMC in West Bengal, the Left or INC in Kerala have been able to stop the BJP's victory across India.
Therefore, the shun plays an important and important role in the Khasi customs and traditions in many aspects of the activities.
The three demands of the union are to upgrade the Jwai Civil Hospital to a State level hospital by rebuilding the building and installing modern equipment. , the blood bank, the blood bank in Jowai and the implementation of the Civil Hospital in Ialong.
The Rozgar Mela was held at 45 locations across the country.
Shillong, July 25: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today said that 602 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4665 people are still in critical condition in the state.
Carbo Chem, Chemphang and another country.
The farmers, besides the poverty, the rest, the suffering, this apot sep sun!  It is not known exactly where and how the niangsaiddho appeared but it has destroyed the farmers.
According to the figures received from the Districts in the implementation of the Model Code in the State in accordance with the rules laid down by the Election Commission of India, 109 posters have been removed from government places. 248 public lands.
In another incident, two persons on a bike stole the mobile phone of Jennyta Swer while she was walking on Law U Sib to Madanriting. They lodged a complaint at Madanriting Police Station and arrested them from Mawblei.
During this inspection, together with the officers, they visited parts of Karukol to Siju where they lived for an hour and from Siju to Rongdong they walked for two and a half hours to see for themselves. the earthquakes were so severe.
It is to be recalled that the Samla Mawlai Pyllun has held a protest to demand that the government should relocate the garbage dump in Marten and the Minister of Urban Affairs has also visited the garbage dump. Your bag is not in Mawlai.
It is said that although divided by boundaries, all are one.
He said that many government departments especially the state water supply department were invited to the meeting to ensure that the water supply should be sufficient in the new dorbar hall.
The Seng has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner that during his inspection on 26th November, 2018, he found that there are hundreds of foreign trucks without proper documents especially those which cannot come locally. In these areas, these trucks were found to be parked along the NH-40E to Land Custom Tamabil, Dawki without proper documents such as Special Permit, Trading License, Labor License and other necessary documents. to verify before they come to work in the state.
Adelbert said the CAG report on the Sobhagya Scheme for 2023 has already been submitted to the Legislative Assembly and he has tried to discuss it but the Lamphang has not allowed it according to Rule
Meghalaya will host the National Games in 2022 and this year Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th Anniversary of Independence. many things to do to make this game fun.
Regarding the new drawing, he said that they will complete it within three months and they will also explain the new drawing in the presence of the members of the HPC and the engineers. the construction of the state legislature.
The launch of the Digital Center of Excellence for Maritime Efficiency (COEME) is one of the many initiatives that demonstrate the Modi government's commitment to technology development – ​​for domestic improvement and cooperation. .
At this meeting in the Hima Mylliem, Bah Shylla said that he strongly opposes the articles written to say that the family of the country is a happy family with only two children. this opposition may be to the central government or to the state government.
Police have recovered an AK 47 rifle, bullets and several documents related to the party.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Khanduli President Tyngshain Krem said that out of the three farms that have appeared in the RTI, the one in Murangtung, while the one in Riatsiatmuit and Mawkyntein doesn't have a house.
The decision of the court today is an embarrassment to the state government.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Three Assam MLAs, Parliamentary Secretary Rekibudin Ahamed, accompanied by Mangkachar MLA Javed Islam and Golagang MLA Abu Taher Berpari met the Chief Minister of Assam. Dr Mukul Sangma today at his residence.
On the other hand, these groups who went to meet today urged the government to take over the land for the benefit of the people.
Those who can apply must have passed this journalism job and their age must be between 24 and 45 years. or before the 22nd of November, (SP News).
Speaking as Deputy Chairman in the House, Bah Alvin said that with the assumption of the post of Deputy Chairman, he has to take off his party uniform.
At this meeting, the opposition leader criticized the government in many ways.
Sadly, Akhil Giri, Minister of Trinamool Congress (TMC), has made remarks to promote the President by saying, “How does our President look” in the The foreign word means "You see how you see the President"
Gogoi said the violence between Assam and Mizoram and between Assam and Meghalaya has caused unrest among the residents.
Bah Syiem has served the people of the state through journalism for 35 years.
All participants were limited to company employees and their families," the people alleged.
In his speech, Bah Syiemlieh said that all the people refuse to talk about this issue, but he came out to write a book on this issue which people have not talked about. than, and this book released today will be a wake-up call to the nation.
However, the government has punished the people by shutting down the internet and closing the roads or curfew from time to time whenever there are protests and protests. This government has shown that it does not have a real responsibility to bring about peace and stability in the state as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today submitted a report to the Legislative Assembly on the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at his residence on 13/8/2 The investigation was conducted by the judge T Vaiphei.
The Meghalaya Government should immediately take action against the Karbi for not allowing the Khasi-Pnars to cultivate in the fields in Karbi Anglong,” said the Seng leader.
This is the first time in Meghalaya that the Chief Minister has donated from his own salary to improve a government school.
Shillong, June 30: The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi has left for the house of Kong Trailin Mylliemngap in Myllat village which was damaged by a fire.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: To alleviate the shortage of doctors in Meghalaya, the government is currently considering raising the retirement age of doctors from 58 to 62 years.
To prove this, the MLA handed over the documents to the Minister to prove the fraud.
There is a cooperation between the traders and the District Administration in relation to the sale of beverages in the market. COVID-19 has not called the meeting but there is a cooperation.
On the UDP's request for clarification on the nine issues, the CEM said that all these requests will be sent in writing to the Leader of the Parliamentary Party of the UDP, Bah Teinwell Dkhar. answer sent this morning.
The SEPP program also includes taking 12 SEPP players and several coaches to Australia to take part in tournaments in their country as part of the challenge. and to provide them with opportunities to experience international sports.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit today together with the residents of Shella Village and surrounding villages in the presence of General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Syrem held a Public Meeting. Dongmusa in Shella Village to express their strong opposition to the electricity shortage in the past few days.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The National Lok Adalat of Meghalaya on Saturday 11th June 2024 in all districts of Meghalaya under the jurisdiction of the National Lok Adalat.
The revival of this issue will be a major concern for the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and his team.
A total of 152 school children from St Anthony's Higher Secondary School and Pynursla Presbyterian Secondary School attended the shooting. .
Shillong, July 10: BSF troops from the 4th Battalion have seized a vehicle at Lyngkhat in East Khasi Hills District. Bangladesh and arrested two Indians.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The National President of the BJP, Jagat Prakash Nadda today appointed Rikman Momin as the State President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
At the same time, the government has posted the phone numbers of the officers in all 11 districts of the state so that if anyone has come from the country if they have any understanding in their body. contact the number provided.
The Chief Minister was urged to reach the target and urged all the 60 MLAs to move and pass an official resolution in the Meghalaya Assembly. Government of India to amend and clarify the provisions of the Annexed Agreement under the Instrument of Accession of 17th August 1948 signed between the Federation of Khasi States and the Constitution of India so that it may be a full measure of protection. to us from the relevant laws which have already been passed and which are yet to come from the Parliament of India.
Shillong, Nialat 16: Police in Meghalaya today arrested seven persons from across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts on suspicion of plotting to join the National Liberation Army. Village Council.
After running for more than 35 km, his legs became sore due to the stang ki juti and to finish more than 42 km, 10 km he had to walk like a walker. He finished in 8 hours and finished 114th among the men and 129th among the 413 women who came to take part.
“On the immediate relocation of this block, the government should explain to the people, especially to these two DSs who have worked hard for 4 years on this issue.
On the other hand, the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) and Lyntijam Welfare have also expressed their strong opposition to the dismissal of Claudia Lyngwa (SP) from Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Diwali celebration of Hindu devotees today was peaceful in which they decorated their homes by burning candles in the ground floor of their houses as a sign of the festival. happiness.
Referring to the dispute between the government and civil society over the railway line, Dr Donkupar said that the dispute is good and the government should find ways and means to resolve this issue. , you must have your way to reconcile.
Many elders from all over the country have visited this place to express their sorrow, especially the teachers who teach at this school have expressed their deep sorrow to see this loss.
What we have to do is not to tell the truth we have to think again now we have to create new ways and means according to the present era to work according to a scientific way which does not affect the environment so that the water flows. JCDA President Balius Swer said that the wildlife will survive and the people will survive.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal, said, “I have received information from the police that Bah Julius Dorphang MLA of Mawhati has been arrested on Tuesday evening. ".
The Symposium was opened with a welcome speech by Bah P.Kharshiing General Secretary, KAS who expressed his gratitude to all those who have given their support to make this symposium a success.
On the other hand, the opposition has pointed out many incidents which have happened in such a way that it has been written in such a way that it has been implemented in any way by replacing the officers one after another when they do not. they can do what they want by removing the officers and appointing someone else and this can be understood if the events are observed.
Shillong, November 08: The KSU Education Cell today met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma at his residence under the leadership of Samla Shelkitbok Kharbani Assistant Education. KSU CEC Secretary Samla Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew Environment Secretary KSU CEC. During the meeting and discussion on two issues namely the scholarship and the MTET, the Minister said that the scholarship has been awarded by the The fund to be received from the Central Government has not yet arrived but at present there is only a small amount in the State Government and the State Government has been releasing it since yesterday.
Out of the five groups that have applied or proposed to implement the project, KPC Group has been selected and the state government has also taken the assistance of the International Finance Corporation (IFC) as the Project Management Consultant for this project. to project.
Shillong, March 16: The NPP MLA of Songsak, Nihim D Shira, today said that the party is ready to condemn Dr Mukul Sangma for this election. The MLA election will be held in 2018 from Songsak Constituency.
Before it is too late, we invite and request all the people of the country and our nation from various political parties and each and every member of the nation to stand together for the future generation. Shillong, March 26: The Durga Puja celebrations of the Hindu community in Meghalaya have been held smoothly in accordance with the rules and regulations. The government has warned against the spread of COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said they have sent a petition to Amit Shah to direct the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (HITO). Investigation (CBI) to conduct an investigation into corruption in the state and to arrest those involved in this case.
Shillong, June 03: The Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of General Administration (A) today informed the public that the Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi will be held on the 9th of June. I have declared a holiday on this day.
The Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Nongpoh Division explained to Kong Bindas that the Government has prepared a Detailed Project Report regarding the preparations for the construction of the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
In this incident, the house collapsed but no casualties were reported.
The teachers' room is well equipped and has been designed in such a way that all the teachers will be able to sit at their own desks with their own working space such as Duli to put them. teacher handbooks.
Shillong, June 10: Meghalaya is the only JNV school in East Khasi Hills District which has two JNV schools, one in Mawphlang and one in Mawsynram. in Mawsynram, the work is in progress.
Hooid in our state they have tried to use those SPTS buses, but those buses are not maintained, uncleanliness and not enough time, if there is any group of private individuals with the cooperation and the government should provide more such buses, at the same time to encourage people to walk to get better health and use bicycles. he cars.
He said that the construction of this bridge started in the rainy months of this year and during the rainy season, vehicles used to pass through the water, but now that the rain has come, vehicles cannot pass through. The river and when it rains heavily, people find it difficult to walk from one side to the other.
The MPMC will hold this rally to protest against the action of the management of the Golf Club Delhi just because the traditional dress code has been expelled from the golf course.
Regarding the opening of the Shillong Press Club, he congratulated the Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, James K Sangma for his efforts. to this day as it is now.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Hamlet said that the term of office of the GHADC will end on 15th March 2020. In this regard, he has directed the DCA to prepare a letter to submitted to the Cabinet and after being submitted to the Cabinet to take a decision.
The move comes as part of the FDA’s updated process to scientifically closely supervise the sales market for these vapes after delays in supervision for years now.
He said that there are political parties who are trying to increase the expenditure limit by saying that the increase in the price of goods is the reason for this.
The National Vice President of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, M. Chuba Ao today arrived in Shillong and met with the party office bearers.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Citizenship Forum together with the HYC Mawsynram Circle is pleased to send this statement to the Rangbah Shnongs, other elders and also the people of Mawsynram area. The light was used under the supervision of MeECL Mawsynram Division, regarding the inability to hold the meeting on Saturday due to heavy rain and wind.
Shillong, June 05: The Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, in reply to a question by Bah Kimfa S Marbniang MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam regarding the appointment of Block Development Officers in the Block Offices. Development.
He said that on his part he doesn't have any difference because as a member being summoned to the police station or prison is like going to renew the patriotic license of those men of the country and the people. .
“As the people of the district, we are not only exposed to radiation and this will cause many problems for the future generations,” said Arbok Kharjahrin President HYC South West Khasi Hills District in a statement. today.
More than 3,000 people have been arrested from Byrnihat and Ratacehra alone after Assam implemented the NRC. The police are in difficulty to do this work and there is a shortage of personnel in the districts to do this work to check the entry of foreigners.
Referring to the problems of the teachers, the Prime Minister said that he understands bin pa bin, he also understands the problems in terms of income of the teachers. European countries teachers and police occupy the foremost position in society.
At the same time, KHNAM SYW has been talking about the need to implement the Meghalaya Civil Service Rules to ensure that the employment of the youth of the state which is clearly stated in the Meghalaya Civil Service Rule Job seekers should learn the Khasi language.
The bill was introduced to provide protection to people with this disease.
Under the PMKSK programme, about 2, 80,000 fertilizer shops are being converted into hubs for farmers.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: One case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in West Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to , and 1 person was admitted to a hospital in East Khasi Hills District.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LNS Dykes, said that on receiving the information, the 3MLP Battalion was sent to rescue the stranded people. this is your rep bag.
The Coordination Committee will meet and when the decision is taken they will take it to the Boundary Committee, but to prepare how to do what to do and what to do in the future will be entrusted to the Coordination Committee. It will be up to the Coordination Committee how to deal with the cost of services.
The government is striving to bring transparency and eliminate corruption in recruitment – ​​but it is up to each of us to respond to our inner monologue in our daily lives.
Those who filed their nominations today are Bah Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and his son Bah David Nongrum.
In the last five years, the BJP has brought about poverty, unemployment and rising prices of commodities which has affected the people of India.
The purpose of this is to assist mothers who have lost their jobs during pregnancy. This assistance is only part of allowing the mother to stay calm before giving birth.
Knowledge is not only for knowledge but also for many other purposes whether it is in work, health and everyday life.
All police stations in Jaintia Hills and all police stations in the state have been informed of the escape of the seven prisoners.
By electrifying 18,374 unelectrified villages, strengthening the transmission grid and ensuring that electricity reaches all rural areas of India.
In the complaint, it was said that a man came to her and handed her an envelope and when she opened the envelope, she found that it contained a letter demanding T.50 lakh. Pay this money to those in the household at the same time as the byrngem byrsit.
Shillong, March 30: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor today said that the turnout in the mid-term MLA elections for the three MLA constituencies is 80.43%. There are few polling stations that have not been counted.
“I have tried to get information on this before we send the applications,” said Bah Nonglang.
There is an urgent need to arrange how to protect the Khasi people living on the border to avoid the increasing attacks by the Assam police, Nepali and Karbi insurgents and robbers,” said the statement.
The Minister said that no one has been authorized to inspect the documents, the visit of private individuals or organizations is not in accordance with the law, their actions are outside the law.
The Prime Minister said that there have been only two mobile manufacturing plants in India in the last five years.
The opening doesn't mean that it's hot, it's not hot yet, this opening that you can sit twice a day is to avoid death, don't be quiet shopkeepers or square shopkeepers don't spend too much time and those who have nothing to buy.
The schemes for which the Prime Minister has sought special assistance from the Central Government include the International Center for Performing Arts and Culture at a cost of about T.350 crore.
However, it is the personal will of those who want to vote but many of them say not to vote,” said Bah Shullai while informing the decision of the Dorbar Shnong and the residents.
This shows clearly that the intention of the district authorities is to deprive all the families of the members of the KSU of sleep in order to punish them just because they are at home with the members of the KSU. The district administration together with its police force have tried to intimidate the families of the members of the party in Ri Bhoi but the party informs them that what they have done will not destroy the struggle of the party because they All the members of the party are standing on the ground and until now the party is determined that no member of the party will back down from this struggle even though the district administration has used these tricks. poh to end the struggle.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, has also suggested to the KHADC authorities to introduce an amendment to the Marriage Act / Marriage Rule to ensure that the two cases should have a The testimony of the Rangbah Kur as part of the escape from the bloodshed.
Three candidates have registered today and those who have registered are only additional candidates known as “Standby Candidates”.
A book entitled “Celebrating Inclusive Innovations” was also launched in the presence of the Chairman of the Steering Committee of CIPS and the Director General (I/c), Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI). ), Hyderabad.
On the other hand, the Minister said in the House that the government's request for land from the army land is to improve roads, build government offices and also for parking lots.
Fortunately, no LPG cylinder was used in this shop but something tragic happened which led to the death of those inside this shop,” said the statement.
On Saturday, the BSF seized 36 cows while smugglers were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the DC said that they will ensure that the people will not face any problems in terms of the need for money before this Christmas.
At the meeting, the Co-Chairman, MSPB, also showed the VEC office bearers the ongoing program on how to improve the household electricity supply. smoke and is less fuel efficient.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The KSU, FKJGP, CSWO, KWADA, HNYF, TUR and others have invited the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the New Shillong. Township and said that the minister will arrange the land.
The Lok Sabha elections 2024 are approaching and the urge to the voters is to rise up once again to elect their leaders with clarity and courage.
There was also an exhibition of handicrafts and textiles to showcase the tourism-related products of the participating states.
Referring to these events in the state, the voice of the people this time is loud throughout the Khasi Hills, including the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lngam. The Maharams and other communities in the Khasi Jaintia Hills are eager and willing that the leaders of the state should be their own fellow citizens like this Prime Minister.
It is only this monument that preserves the history of those Khasi, Kurs, Jaits who were in the household of the country and the nation, those soldiers who went to sacrifice their lives in the Great War. first.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The foundation stone for the construction of a house for the homeless in Mawprem has been laid by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Amparren. there simply remains no sign of the beginning of the work to be done.
After the distribution of prizes to the winners, the closing speech of the Khasi Traditional Costume Competition 2022 was delivered by Bah Micky Jones Kharbangar. 1st July, 2019 for the good purpose of instilling the spirit of patriotism, to love the national identity and to give words of advice for the sake of building the future of the youth of the country and the nation.
The Minister of Children's Affairs said he hopes that more women will increase as time goes by.
Shillong, July 04: The BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Dr.M Chuba Ao today said that they have held a meeting today to discuss the MP elections to the Lok Sabha elections. Welcome to Meghalaya.
Before the end of the 44th day, more than 80,01,825 people have been tested and more than 4,86,043 have been sent to higher hospitals.
Andhra Pradesh topped the list with more than 11 lakh participants.
The ceremony will be held at the Indoor Stadium of SAI, STC, NEHU Campus, Mawkynroh, Shillong on the 10th of November at 8:00 pm.
According to reports in the media, the Indian government may pass the Constitutional Amendment Act 2020 which prohibits the birth of more than two children.
Prof. Jagdish Mukhi as Lieutenant Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Vice Lt.Gen.
The Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang, has been built by the KHADC with the funding from the Central Government to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people in this place. I know that the Khasi way of building houses in the past is in this way.
Hundreds of people came to listen to the election campaign despite the cold of the night.
All the bikes that took part in this rally were more than 400 bikes, only the members of Tulba were about 100 bikes, but on this day Non-members of the party are also allowed to join hands.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Four persons were killed and two others injured in a bomb blast in Shangpung area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District today. they are still out of the hands of the public.
Meanwhile, the Congress party has 12 candidates and has nominated Cherak Watre Momin as the candidate for the GHADC Speakership election tomorrow.
“When asked, he said, “As party leaders, we have confidence and we want to win Dr. Ampareen.
In the 63rd minute, Sreenidi Decan scored the second goal of the match through Rosenberg Gabriel.
It aims to bring together the diverse cultures of the country and unite them under 'Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat'
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 177 recoveries today, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 138 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. 22, West Jaintia Hills 3, the total number of recoveries so far has risen to 84458 people.
New Delhi, Naitung 11: Deputy Secretary of State William Burns of the United States today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
This mining operation is easy and the cost of labor is low. The small equipment required for this mining operation in the past were the following: Two Lyngka, U Mohkhiew, U Tyrnem U bakhia between 5-1 kilos and Black Gunpowder and Fuse wire.
After further investigation, it was also found that the blankets which had been cut to make tyllai of these clothes were seized and this was done in the presence of the magistrates, police said.
The MDA Chairman and Chief Minister said that Dr Kharlukhi is the candidate of the MDA which has been discussed and agreed at the meetings before the announcement of the name. Shillong, Lber 02: The Minister in charge of Education, Dr. Aman Warr, on Tuesday said that the examinations of the Board of Education will go smoothly. who have taken the examination.
These should be continued for those in need to lay the foundation for economic development in the North East.
The incident happened at 4.30 pm on Monday morning and four people were injured in the incident. they are gone.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (ICAR) today held a one-day meeting on the topic “Linking Startups and SMEs in Food Processing with Government Schemes and Markets”. Industries of the Government of India (ASSOCHAM) in collaboration with the Ministry of Food Security and ICAR.
: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has lodged a complaint against Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of State from the National People's Party (NPP) for allegedly using insulting remarks. nation during the Lok Sabha elections.
The Unified Payment Interface (UPI) was launched in 2016 which has brought instant payments between the two sides.
“A welcome speech was delivered by Agatha K Sangma, MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, and a speech was delivered by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
Shillong, July 12: There are 166 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills and 143 cases in East Garo Hills. , Ri Bhoi 8, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills
On the other hand, the MLA expressed the desire of the people to get a Civil Sub Division Mawsynram in order to improve the work of the government to the people of Mawsynram. Many petitions have been sent to the Government regarding the Civil Sub Division in Mawsynram.
All those who have registered their nomination papers so far have reached the line, said Bah Puis Marwein MLA from the UDP party, who registered his nomination papers yesterday.
It is to be recalled that this shad to thank God the Creator, is held every year and this time it is the 113th anniversary of the festival.
This act is that there is an intent to take a human life.
The meeting also discussed the need to increase the number of constituencies to 29 in which the MDCs will be elected by election and two more.
In a statement, the DC said that the Government of Meghalaya in accordance with the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897 and the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Regulation 2020 and the amendments that have come to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. 19.
Bah Roystar Rani Vice President who conducted the meeting congratulated all the teams who took part in the tournament, the elders, the public, the Chief Guest and especially the Chief Guest.
On the other hand, the CEM, Bah PN Syiem, has already made it clear that a decision will be taken on Monday morning regarding the resignation of the three EMs, before sending their resignation letters. to the Governor of the State and to appoint others in their place.
From the National Health Mission (HNM), the expenditure has reached T.188.9 crore and the government has already paid T.97.7 crore and the remaining amount is T.91.2 crore.
All this is the sign of the BJP that it has long been planning to speak against other parties, it should also speak against the churches and even the church leaders so that the people will lose confidence in the party. society will weaken and the nation will weaken.
For those working in jobs covered by the NI Act 1881, those working outside the constituency will also be given leave to vote and employers will have to pay the daily wages according to the Section 135B  of the Representation of the People Act, 1951.
The completed building is environmentally friendly and has all the modern facilities.
“Kanoongo said the Commission has also taken action regarding the pregnancy of young girls in Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the NPP, UDP and Congress have started talks on the candidate for the mid-term elections if the government announces it at any time.
The opposition has raised the question whether the Act is still alive after the dissolution of the Fifth Assembly.
The Chief Minister said that the construction of the hotel was started in 1986 and has been completed after many decades. as it is set.
“What surprises us is that this building has been in construction for five years but the Government is still silent on this to release the Bill,” said the union.
The Jaintia Hills Branch is ready to be confirmed on 27th July 2024 once the new office bearers have been appointed.
For the sake of peace in Manipur, the Catholic Association Shillong, which is organizing this march, invites the people to take part in this march.
May their souls rest in peace, said CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne.
" said the AJYWO Central Body in a statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The COMSO has congratulated the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma and the MLAs of the Opposition Party led by Mukul Sangma for their unity to pass the Bill. resolution to implement the ILP in the state.
He said that the opening of the two border markets has started to bring benefits to the farmers as many of the commodities have started to sell at higher prices. long ago.
As the government has acknowledged in its understanding, this immoral behavior affects the health of the people.
The North East Zone Cultural Center (NEZCC), the Eastern Zonal Cultural Center (EZCC) of the Union Government, has organized a performance of traditional dances.
On Bah James Sylliang, an MDC who has been temporarily expelled and recalled by the PDF, the PDF said that this issue is involved in the discussions for all three MDCs and the rules will be followed. and she shall take a decision after their discussion.
To bring about change in the country, the Prime Minister of India said that scientists and farmers need to work together in this regard.
On this occasion, Dr Ampareen said that the decision of the whole village is for the people, as the elected leaders of the people, they have to work hard for the people, everything. The Minister in the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has said that the Congress party will come to power in
During the search of the vehicle, the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad of Shillong recovered an IED bomb.
There is a shortage of staff in the health sector and the government is struggling to open more jobs. The training was also attended by the MLA of the area, Bah Meralborn Syiem and other government officials.
The CoMSO also demands from the Meghalaya government and all the MLAs not to wait for the order of the Government of India but to insist and continue to demand this.
In the fourth place, Springfield Snaitang won the Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
The speed we are seeing in our cities is what is needed in our border areas too," Prime Minister Duh said.
It is learned that many cameras have been installed in the forest to record the animals inside the forest and to ensure that there will be no damage to them by humans.
In 2022-23, 3.24 lakh hectares of land will be used for shynrai cultivation in India and shynrai production will be 11.61 lakh tonnes (more than 75% of world production).
In a petition submitted to the CEM of KHADC, HANM said that Assam has recently crossed the border and this is no longer a recent incident but one that has happened for thousands of years. you're right.
Meanwhile, the traffic jam is still severe in Shillong.
“The Government of India by doing this wants more and more foreigners to become indigenous people here in the North East, which is a threat to us the rich not only in the state. Meghalaya but in the entire North East,” said the Chairman of NESO. It is to be informed that NESO has filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the enactment of the CAA and the case is still pending. shall be subject to the judgment.
“In 2022, we seized more than 7 kilos of heroin and in 2023, we seized 16.7 kilos and 1 kilo of heroin which has the power to make 200 people addicted. on drugs," he added.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 02: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today approved the Companies Amendment (Ordinance), 2018 as sent by the Union Cabinet as sent by the Committee. appointed by the Central Government to review the violations of the Companies Act
He also urged the students that poverty should not be an obstacle to education as many of the great men of the country came from poor families like former President Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam and sometimes poverty is the wealth to reach honorable positions in life.
The central theme of the Kargil War Commemoration is to pay special tribute to Captain Keishing Clifford Nongrum, MVC, MVC, who proved his bravery and courage. spirit to protect his country for which he gave his life for the country.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, will hoist the Lairong Flag in Shillong. of India at the Polo Ground today.
According to sources received by the SP News Agency, the KHADC has received T.50 crore scheme from the central government for the KHADC. 34 crore and the outstanding balance is T.16 crore.
“We see the necessity and risks of this project and propose that the rules of thorough review within the Government of Meghalaya should be followed.
Through the CM Global Programme, Nurses will be deployed to various hospitals and care homes in Japan.
Kolkatta police have arrested two persons in connection with the incident for questioning.
Finally, he arrived at Mawlai Nongkwar to inspect the canal at Block 11, also known as Patarim in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Rap Thangkhiew and others.
The investigation will be led by the Additional Deputy Commissioner to investigate the cause of the fire which burnt down the house of the Singhania in Khyndai Lad.
Bah Khrawkupar said that the KSU and FKJGP will follow up on this ban to help this family which has lost its breadwinner. Your duties as an FCI employee are not from the Home Guard Department.
“In this regard, we have also deployed Traffic Volunteers at all the Parking Lots and we request the owners of vehicles to cooperate in order to park their vehicles properly and not to affect the traffic. the coming of the cars.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the RBYF said that the central government has not respected the demand of the 60 MLAs of Meghalaya by not issuing the Inner Line Permit. If the Central Government does not respect the MLAs in the upcoming elections, they should be banned from participating in the elections.
Jowai, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today visited the NH-6 in the Eastern Region. Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Department of Microbiology, Shillong College today held an online discussion on the topic of employment opportunities in the subject of Microbiology.
He said that they have appreciated the powerful behavior of the CEM of KHADC. He said that such behavior is not only in Umsning Constituency but also in other constituencies.
He said that he will participate next year in this part of this important project.
The resignation of Bah Jyrwa should not disrupt the path of peace talks,” said Bah Nongtraw.
He said that this donation by the members to the poor will not only be during the Christmas season but will be during all four seasons.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Social Welfare and Employment, today said that the Social Welfare Department of the State Government has strengthened and improved the working methods of help. line number.
Furthermore, the union has decided that all the farmers affected by the kilo cut and other discrimination in the market should attend this meeting.
A total of 28 participants were selected.
He said the incidents of insurgency have come down because in the last five years more than 8,900 members of militant groups have surrendered and joined the mainstream.
"Referring to the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 it is written as follows – Quote “Preamble.
The club has posted the group on Facebook for people to watch.
We need our own strong home which we can accept as our true home like the Mizos, who own Mizoram.
Shillong, November 10: To encourage people not to eat or drink too little, the Government today decided to increase the tax on tobacco. 85 crores per annum.
Tanlin said that no one was injured in the incident as no one was inside the two shops. the fire to spread to another house next door.
"“To fight only in Khasi-Jaintia Hills doesn't lead to anything.
Barun Singh of Services defeated Yaiphaba Soibamna Manipur 5-0 in the 46-48kg category, followed by Amit Panghal (Services). Anshul Punia of Chandigarh won 5-0 in the 48-51kg flyweight category.
The case was registered on the allegation that Bah GK Iangrai, MPS, had misused the money for the construction of the NERS PSAP on the ground floor of Sardar Police Station.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the scheme from the Central Government to improve the 18 mer road from Ranikor to Mawplang in East Khasi Hills District has been rejected. T.24 crore has been allocated for the construction of the Mawphlang-Weiloi road.
When asked about the failure of the youth.
“The KHADC police are the people of the law.
In connection with this special day, the HNLC has decided to announce that from now on the HNLC will celebrate “Ka Sngi ki Riewialeh”. In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, the party has celebrated its 29th anniversary.
Marak expressed the hope that this will be a great opportunity for the students from Meghalaya to meet with the Prime Minister. teachers in the state to oversee this program.
The Spokesperson of the State Government, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, on Tuesday said that the State Government has no right to interfere with the independent functioning of the Lokayukta.
The Rangbah Kur who attended the function were the Khliehrangbah, Bah George Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P Barkos O Warjri and Bah Rudy Warjri and other elders of the Sengkmie.
In 2016, it collaborated with KPMG in India to take a decision to award the International Live Events Association (ILEA) – Middle East Chapter and This is the WOW Awards Asia
During the visit, the Governor met with the officers of Sohra Civil Sub Division, Bah AS Mukhin and the officers. Sohra Civil Sub Division.
The SP of South Garo Hills, Anand Mishra, said that the traders escaped after paying Rs 9 lakh to the kidnappers. They have received information that the abducted traders have been released today near Silkigre village.
After this, the Khasi were able to enroll in classes but the Nepalis began to harass the Khasi by beating them in the villages especially in Mawprem, Mawlai, Laban and Nongmensong.
To commemorate the launch of the book, a program was conducted at the Conference Hall of the Monolith Restaurant, Mawmluh, where dignitaries namely Patricia Mukhim, Careen Langstieh, Mr P.Kharwanlang (Sirdar, Mawmluh), Dr.Larilin Kharpuri (Dean Research and Publication, MLCU), Dr Iadonlang Tyngsong (Additional Registrar, MLCU), members representing the Mawmluh Tourism & Allied Activities Cooperative Society (MTAACS) and executive member of the community were present at the event.
Two houses have been destroyed in the earthquake in Umblai village under Mawkynrew Block. The houses belonging to Kong Kro Kshiar have been destroyed. The house of Phrangki Khongjoh was slightly damaged.
Request Pakma said the government should immediately increase the price of petrol and diesel and not charge high tax only on petrol and diesel. or raise taxes in any other way because the excessive increase in the price of fuel is like a robbery of the money of the poor.
The CSWO said that the report received by the retired judge who ate kwai at the door of the Hon'ble (L) Retd Justice Rajkhowa has been completed. research.
This demand of the union has been successful but the union sends a message to all the village leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that they should not issue village syrnot or NOC to foreigners from now on. rights of indigenous peoples.
GB Lyngdoh, General Secretary MEPA, said that although the office of his newspaper in Nongsain Hima, has been destroyed by a petrol bomb, no evidence has been found so far. this is one of the problems, which happens because of the attack on the media.
Jemino Mawthoh said the UDP has held 14 meetings in the presence of lawyers and education experts to discuss how to send the best recommendations to the government for all the ethnic groups in the country. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that a 10 month old girl named Risuklin Kharkongor from Jyntah village has died at Ganesh Das Hospital. Shillong has been confirmed with COVID-1
In another statement, the Meghalaya Chapter of the AIPC and the KTLDS expressed their deep sorrow over the sudden death of Archbishop Dominic Jala in a car accident in California, USA. His contribution to the Church and the people will be remembered forever.
The meeting also discussed some of the laws of the Hima which will be amended in the session to be held on the 27th of this month and there will also be resolutions. which the EC shall bring into the House.
During the shooting of the film, many people came around to watch the shooting of the film in Shillong.
In these areas, there are only large holes which have turned into ponds during the rainy season,” said Bah Brosenly Siangshai, President of the union.
It will be broadcast live on TV through Doodarshan Center Shillong.
On this occasion, the DGP paid tribute to all the police of all districts in the state who have worked hard. and the synthetic department.
The rules are in accordance with the National Education Policy
Shillong, March 29: U Bah DG Syiemiong today issued a statement to pay tribute to Bah Nasar Marwein MDC of Langrin MDC Constituency who passed away suddenly. On the 31st of Tuesday, the funeral of the deceased will be a public holiday.
I talked to some people.
The flooding of rice fields has affected Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: For many hours today, people have lined up at various banks in Shillong and even in the villages to exchange old notes for new ones. many of them have deposited the old money in their accounts.
There are 9 recoveries today, all of them from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment, Dr. Thawarchand Gehlot in Delhi to discuss the issue. and u regarding the problems of people with disabilities in Meghalaya.
All the members of the Kur Kharraswai Kynrang Lawbah Zone, from the mothers, youngsters, women and men who live in Hat Mawdon, Lawbah Zone, are invited. , Mawdon, Kynrang, Raweng, Mawpen, Dangar, Khliehriat, Pyndemsohsaw, Dewsawlia, Umpung and those who live in different parts of Shillong are kindly requested to take this as a notice to attend this kur meeting.
The meeting also discussed how to bring about changes in the GHADC and how to implement it with the assistance of the Center for Good Governance, Hyderabad. During the meeting, they also discussed the impact of the loss of old currency in the state and urged the Minister of Finance that this is the Christmas season in the state to find They have decided how to free the people from the problem because there are many Christians in this state.
The Aquaculture Mission Scheme of the State Government is received by the MCAB, where the funds of this scheme are not managed through this Bank. the central government, such as the Handicap.
The State Government has launched the Meghalaya Street Vendors Scheme, 2023 on the 25th of this month. The Chairman of the Town Vending Committee who is also the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (Street Vendors) Act, SMB) said that this scheme is to protect the street vendors and to legally recognize the street vendors by providing a more spacious area so that the street vendors can do so. the market is the inheritance.
The union will also send a copy of the petition to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on this issue.
According to the Bill, the purpose of the Bill is to protect the farmland from being used for any other purpose except for agricultural purposes. for other buildings.
Hamlet Dohling of the PDF, who is also the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, said that there was strong opposition when the Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha. it should withdraw this bill to protect minorities.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr B Rijal, Director in charge of Livestock Farming in the state, said that There is a plan and preparations are in progress and officers have been sent for special training for this purpose.
These coal trucks were arrested near Tapa Darengchi on the road from Songsak to Mendipathar. A case has been registered against these vehicles at Resubelpara Police Station.
“Speaking on the spirit of sportsmanship, the Prime Minister said that defeats and victories in sports should not be taken as final decisions.
“This explanation is necessary because in the rural areas, talking about this disease is a sin,” said the speaker.
Thank you very much Bah Banshai Marbaniang.
It is not that they cannot but we know that it is because they do not have the authority from their superiors to arrest.
The president of the CSWO has made many allegations against the police chiefs and government officers. he has a hand in many corruption.
The impact of the Yatra is great and life changing.
Earlier, the UDP had approved the proposal of the HSPDP and KHNAM, who had proposed that the UDP should not nominate Bah Paul as a joint candidate even though they too had agreed not to support Bah PBM. Basaiawmoit whom they had already decided to become a candidate.
He said that he cannot explain what the decisions of the committee are because the report has to be submitted to the EC. to the recommendations in the form of a bill.
These lands belong to Riad where the people farm.
The Prime Minister has urged to turn off the lights only inside the houses.
JSU Labang Nangphyllut Circle President Salbius Myrten and JSU Vice President Elias Lamare said that they hope that the land settlement between the Assam and Meghalaya governments will be successful. The land from Block 1 which has been forcibly occupied for 70 years to United Mikir and North Cachar Hills District (now Karbi Anglong) in Assam.
The Deputy Commissioner, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that these shops are allowed to open only odd and event numbers as announced.
The Seng also wishes all the students who will receive their results in the coming days the HSSLC Examination Arts Stream and the SSLC Examination, that they will reap the fruits of happiness. to be the pride of the country and the nation as a whole.
Those who attended the meeting were Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Vice President, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Bah HL Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh Hima Lyngiong, Paiem M Syiem. , Chief Minister of Sohra, Bah M Mawdkhap, Minister of Sohra, Bah B Sohkhlet, Secretary of Mawsmai-Nongthymmai District, Bah P Myrboh, Raid Mawshai, Bah B Wanniang, Minister Sarin, Minister of Maharam Hills, Bah BV Rymmai , Bah K Khongwar, Sirdar Mawsmai-Nongthymmai, District, Bah RL Sohliya, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, Bah E Kurbah, Acting Sirdar of Marbisu Hima, and others.
The purpose of the meeting was to find ways and means to bring peace on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday launched the Climate Adaptive Community Based Water Harvesting Project at a function held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of State for Water Harvesting. Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of Soil and Water Conservation Marcuise N. Marak.
At present, Shillong Civil Hospital has only 40 beds and Tura has only 80 beds.
He said that the delay in completion of the project is due to the lack of attention of the MLA which has put the people in a difficult situation where they have to buy drinking water for their own use. that house that sem.
In the women's Half Marathon 2021, Kyntimon Marwein won the first title, Claire Jones Kharbih came second and Darishisha Iangjuh won the third title.
The hearing was presided over by Justice Swatanter Kumar and was accompanied by Ranjan Chatterjee, former Chief Secretary.
In another incident, Dip Singh was injured when his bike collided with him at Mookhep.
The Superintendent of Police, South West Garo Hills, Vikas Kumar, has assured the public that they have decided to arrest those involved according to the law.
The Chief Minister said that most of the schemes for the people have been implemented through the C&RD Block and the existence of the Block will help the government to deliver development works to the people. On this occasion, the Chief Minister also announced many projects that the village and the area will receive in terms of roads and the government will also set up an Industrial Park in the area.
The Fresher Meet of the Khasi Students Union, Barak Valley Circle was held at Gandhi Bhawan in Silchar, Assam in the presence of Rev HC Lamareuba. KSU BVC President Donald Thabah, KSU BVC President Ohibait Dkhar, KSU BVC President Morningstar Suja, KSU BVC General Secretary Wanbor Pdang and Asst GS KSU BVC were also present. Lovingwel Mukhim, GS of KJDCDC, Bah Charles Rymbai in the presence of Khasi youths studying in the city, Khasi people living in the three districts of Assam.
Meghalaya Police have recovered a mother from a forest near Tangoan village under Mankachar police station on Tuesday.
Together with the parents of Diengpasoh Village and the office bearers of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle.
“We urge the police and the district authorities to take action against this incident, because if stingy, it can lead to religious differences and differences of opinion in the villages. The Seng Khasi Kmie said in a statement.
They were arrested from a Sumo vehicle.
New Delhi, November 27: The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Union Government through S.O.4252 (E) on 26th November 2020 has issued the 'Helmet for Riders of Two Wheelers Motor Vehicles' (Quality Control) Order, 2020.
Police have arrested the couple on the same charge and kidnapped the people.
Regarding the KHADC Market Act, the EC will come up with amendments to the existing Act to improve it.
Kharkongor said they received a tip that a truck number UP53ET was suspected to be carrying drugs inside the truck. When they arrived at the truck, they searched and found 54 song of Ganja.
The funeral service will be held on Sunday 29th June 2016 from his residence in Mawlai Nonglum at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church Mawlai Nonglum.
HANM agrees that it is not fair to accuse and criticize that there will be shortcomings and shortcomings but to accuse that the MDA government cannot work as HANM urges the people to HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the HANM President has been investigating the case.
Shillong, June 29: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar, has issued a protest against the allocation of T.50 lakh to all 29 MDCs. (UDA) and turned to the opposition.
The military forces have carried out offensive operations in many states in the North East in the name of fighting insurgents.
In a letter sent to Dr. Mukul Sangma today, the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly said that according to the directive of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, accepted a petition from Dr Ampareen who demanded the removal of her name from the membership of the Legislative Assembly under the provisions of Article 15 of the Constitution of India.
The meeting unanimously decided to urge the State Planning Board, to talk to the C&RD department, to take action on the shortage of staff in Nongstoin C&RD Block, to increase the salary according to the situation. to provide timely payment to employees, to provide and improve the requirements of 'faster Internet' to complete the work required by the scheme to be sent online through the internet estimates, proposals, and muster rolls, in a timely manner, to increase the price of dewbilat and rod and others according to the time and market price, to allow the construction of pedestrian crossings (footbridge) as one of the works to connect the farmland with the village, especially the villages which are lagging behind on the road, and finally that the Government authorities should pay the daily wages to the officials. VEC, because the work is heavy as it is now, and especially they have worked voluntarily since 2006-2007, for this NREGS work without any payment.
At stumps yesterday, Sikkim were 55/4, which was by no means a good position but they would not have expected to lose their remaining six wickets for just 25 runs this morning.
Ampati, March 24: At least 25 people were injured when the roof of Mahendraganj Girls Secondary School collapsed today.
Shillong, March 01: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) today recovered two bodies from the collision of an MTC bus at Ringdi River in Nongshram East on Friday. Garo Hills District.
He also asked the NHAI officials to respect the deadline.
The relief campaign was led by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Jop Rymbai, was attended by the women's and youth organizations of the village, along with the villagers.
Shillong, July 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District today met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling to submit a letter demanding that the government should The Block was established at Lumshong in Narpuh District.
On the other hand, the union has taken this opportunity to inform the workers about the schemes and benefits from the State Government through the Labor Department.
Meanwhile, the government wants to see that the future generation should be healthy.
We Khasi have only 15 lakh people and if only 20 lakh people come to live in Meghalaya what will happen to us? The Supreme Court has directed the Government of India to respond to more than 327 complaints from the North East and South against the CAA and set a date. also to hear the case on 9th June,
Dr Marbaniang said that the lack of staff in the unit is one of the reasons why the hospital cannot accommodate more patients.
The Dorbar of Village Authorities, Hima/Elaka of Sohra area was held on the 19th February 2013 at 11 am, to discuss the preparations for the Special Dorbar Ri to be held on the 13th February 2013 at Mairang, in front of the office of the King of Nongkhlaw.
Taking into account the increase in the population of rural areas in the state which is 27.9%, the Chief Minister said that this is the increase in the population of the state. It may be that people have received more protection and people have lived longer. This also has to be seen if it is due to the government's inability to provide health services to the people.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang in his speech as the Chief Guest, spoke on the need for teachers to recognize the unique talents and talents of the students. From the time they are young so that they can develop their talents later on whether it is in education or sports and urged them to instill in the minds of the students the the spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem who was not only a hero of the nation but also of India as a whole.
RP Marak has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills and the government will wait for the permission of the Election Commission of India to release him as he is in the Election Department.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Many of the school children who came to take part in the 71st Independence Day celebration at the Polo Ground today died due to the extreme heat of the sun while they were studying. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has been speaking.
This payment is also available to ASHAs working even in small villages with few residents.
The total amount of money is T.16.93 lakh.
If our people living abroad have to come here to get Aadhaar, why can't we do the same so that the registration of Aadhaar will not affect the country and the nation in the future.
This will also lead to a smooth border settlement where there will be no more border disputes with Bangladesh.
In 2020, 1917iTEAMS was able to increase the number of vehicles by assembling market vehicles to meet the demand during the lockdown.
In the complaint, the two said that this behavior of the public leaders affects those students who have done well in the examination for the recruitment of teachers in the primary schools of the state government.
The SP of Ri Bhoi District, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the vehicle was not seriously damaged and the injured was taken for treatment.
In November 61951, it was renamed the Raj Bhavan. After India gained independence, this change was brought about and this change was to show the strong attitude of the country. public administration because this house was occupied by the Governor of the state.
Jiedskhem Nongsiej, a member of the JAC, said that Syiem Niandro has canceled the Sanad of the Rangbah Shnongs in Sawsymper.
More than 60 members from various countries participated in the discussion on Global Economic Corridors, including CEOs from 33 foreign companies and 17 domestic companies.
In his speech, the Chief Minister congratulated the Joint Action Committee for working tirelessly to ensure the construction of the Lumshnong C&RD Block. This area because people have to travel for many hours to reach the offices.
Shillong, July 15: Union Minister of State for Child Development Sanjeev Kumar Balyanji has arrived to witness the election of the Chief Minister of TUR. The State President of the BJP, on receiving information that some civil society groups are opposed to his visit, ordered that they should be invited to speak.
These three persons were injured in this tragic incident on the 12th of this month.
The total number of vehicles fined was 277 and the amount collected was T.236500/-.
The Chairman of the State Commission for Women, Theilin Phanbuh, said that all this is due to the fact that the existing laws are very weak.
The survey will be conducted in Digital Format through an application submitted by the Government of Meghalaya.
On the same day, the Prime Minister also launched the Green Movement for Youth.
Malangiang said that the lack of access to this food item for the students has caused problems to the students who come from low income families. that at these times it is up to them to pay their class fees for the year
Those with diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, kidneys and others should take precautions in advance if they get a cold.
Regarding the allegation that there is a high level, many have heard but it is not known because this is a very complicated matter. don't worry about iashoh.
All this is due to the stinginess of our State Government.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 508 and the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 43578. The highest number of recoveries has risen to 147 in East Khasi Hills.
Arun died at the age of 89 after a long illness.
As one of the elders, he wants the Langrin Constituency to grow in all aspects and appeals to the people to support him in the upcoming elections.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, appreciates the holistic development of the North East and ensured that the people of this region get more benefits from all the Government schemes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Border Security Force (BSF) today celebrated its 59th Battalion Day. This year, 14 BSF personnel have died in the fighting against the enemy. to his own country.
Shillong, Nailur 04: There are 263 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 84 cases in West Khasi Hills and 75 cases in West Khasi Hills. there were 2206 in all.
Shillong, July 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 31 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 23 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. The number of confirmed cases has risen to 42 in the state.
The Seng encourages the members of North Khasi Hills District and the KSU as a whole that we too are with you and are ready to fight against the government and stand firm on the ground according to the decision of the KSU Sengkmie.
Modi has been expressing his desire to expose Patel since 2003 when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat and has been able to achieve it during his tenure as Prime Minister of India. .
In Khliehriat, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri unfurled the flag and distributed the award to Rymbai PHC which has been selected as the best implementer of MHIS & Ayushman. At the same time, the Rotary Club, Jowai also honored the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF).
Those who receive these SMS, or emails, should inform the police so that they can arrest those involved. and this is a disturbance of peace and order.
The Prime Minister said the PM Ayushmann Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission aims to improve this.
Regarding these facts, the government wants other measures to prevent the influx of ministers rather than the ILP. inaction of past governments.
The advantage is that these halls are close to each other and you don't have to walk far, because the distance is more than 1 kilometer,” said Bah Kharshiing.
His body was recovered from a lower area about 100 meters from Jingkieng Wahrew.
Secret of JYF EJH) was also witnessed by the residents of Lakadong Ummat, President Firmly Rymbai and office bearers of JYF EJH. (SP News).
Leaders of the Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangam to inform him about the delay in the release of scholarships by the State Government. students for the year 2022-2
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Visitor of the University knew about this before investigating.
The Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Pa,im Niwel Shadap, said that the Lakhempong dance, also known as the Rah Kynthei dance, has been going on since Kulong Kumah, but for unknown reasons it has stopped. Since he became Syiem Raid, it has started again and this is the third time since the shad was revived.
Therefore, to accept or approve anything more than a foreigner is through the Durbar, and we too will move forward without hesitation for the sake of the lives and deaths of the residents of Umsning Patrim, according to the lynniar shla. of the paid inhabitants of the village.
In Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Santa Mary Shylla launched the flag ceremony.
Other government departments held by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh such as the Ministry of Tourism and Excise have not been handed over to other government ministers but are still held by the Chief Minister. news related to the office of the Chief Minister.
Tynsong also urged the residents not to worry but to cooperate with various departments of the state government whether in the villages and districts.
He urged the PHCs under Amlarem Sub-Division through the Health Department to assist in taking action to administer injections and register the names of the people who have already been injected.
The parade was conducted by Brigadier RK Gaikwad, Commandant of ARC. In his speech, the Chief of Army Staff paid tribute to the youth of the area. They have been able to bring honor to this army in all these years in which they have shown their spirit as soldiers.
The AMTT said that the thew places should be owned by the government and not run by the private sector.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The JSU wants to ask the state government, “Have the BSF, Army and others who came from another state been tested before entering Meghalaya? ?".
Rimpu said his party wants to achieve democracy from the lowest levels with the provision of direct funding from the Government of India.
The Government has focused only on the urban and suburban areas without addressing the rural areas.
Shillong, July 20: Replying to the remarks of Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma and Bah Adelbert Nongrum on the removal of the word “special state” by the Central Government, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said: He said the government is still demanding that Meghalaya should be recognized as a separate state.
On the other hand, the employees of the MTC are still on strike by stopping the sale of car and helicopter tickets.
If this road is not accepted, it will connect Garo Hills to Assam.
Shillong, March 03: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the demand of the Assam Meghalaya Peace Forum (AMPF) to implement the Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA) in Garo Hills.
The Prime Minister said he would like to remind the House how it was conducted because it took 15 minutes. One question is how it can be completed. that’s not the norm.
On the other hand, the Speaker announced that they will discuss the no confidence motion at 12 noon. All other activities as scheduled on the calendar have been suspended. the day after one or two o'clock.
On behalf of CoMSO, Kharbani said that if the central government does not listen to the demand for ILP, the people of Meghalaya as a group will continue to protest after November 4, 2020 until they get the ILP. NDA government leaders in Delhi say they are looking into what else they will look into after the House has taken the decision, BJP leader in Shillong said they will look into The two BJP MLAs, AL Hek and Sanbor Shulai, should take action.
Border Security Force (BSF) troops patrolling the India-Bangladesh border at Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday allegedly robbed Dr. Seiboklang Buam of India. Officer Incharge of Veterinary Dispensary, Muktapur and also a resident of Muktapur.
The Cabinet also approved the decision to hand over 64.34 acres of land belonging to the Urban Affairs and GAD Departments to the Sports and Youth Affairs Department for the construction of the Games Village for the National Games. 39ha in the state of Meghalaya.
Since the beginning of the outbreak, 1439488 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 96852 people have been confirmed positive for COVID-19, 95210 people have recovered and 95210 people have died. 1626 cases and 16 cases.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, VPP Vice President Dr Kara Chen said that the decision was taken through the State Election Committee (SEC) of the VPP which met on July 16, and after a thorough discussion. The committee has decided to elect the party's General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as the candidate from the Shillong Parliamentary seat for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The three students who came forward in their examination were Rishaun Lauren Kharsohnoh 10 position in HSSLC, Ibarisha Thangkhiew 5 position in SSLC and Amyca Marwein 8 position in SSLC. Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Teibor Pathaw said that this is to encourage them to continue to work hard in their studies and at the same time it is a example to other students to work hard to study in their studies.
These initiatives aim to provide job-ready young people, with the skills, knowledge and attitude needed to thrive in an ever-changing world.
Speech was also delivered by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, who expressed his gratitude to be able to take part in such a day to commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the Khasi Hills. National Assembly.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Satyapal Malik, launched the book on 29th November at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
The report released today is for the fiscal years 2018-2019 and 2019-2
On this occasion, the niece of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Kong Badariti Lyngdoh, spoke about the thinking of the founder of the party. This has led to the HSPDP to stand for many days.
The Defense Minister said the Modi Government has taken many steps in the last 10 years to strengthen peace and order in the North East.
Warjri is survived by seven sons and only one daughter.
The video will be released on Ri Jaintia News Channel until the 10th of March.
He said that they don't blame those who have left but those who came after instead of improving the special jobs don't have the power, but they have time to bring in the Casino Act. but they were afraid of the future.
Police have arrested two drivers of Mohesh Ray and Mataf Uddin Guwahati from Assam while another has escaped. The three trucks were registered AS 01 DD 4251, NL 01 Q 1949 and ML 05 U
We cannot allow this violence of MUDA to forcibly invade without respecting the feelings of those who are in this in a democratic country.
He said that hostels for men and women have been set up in different districts of Meghalaya under the schemes of the Tribal Affairs Department in the fields of agriculture, rural development, education, tourism, culture and others.
Shillong, Lber 22: Dozens of households have been affected by a strong windstorm in Mawsynram village on the night of the 21st. jot ei thiaw because of the wind.
Minister of Water Resources Marcuise Marak, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Power AT Mondal and Minister of State for Power were present on the occasion. Coming One Ymbon, Government officials.
“With this in mind, we have decided to strengthen the RDA,” he added.
On this occasion, the Governor said that to bring about cleanliness, it is necessary to educate the people.
Shillong, July 11: “We have already sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek but the Minister has remained silent,” said Mirajune Myrsing, President MAWU. Shillong, July 11: the Minister in charge of Electricity James.
He said that if this is only to create instability, it can be accused of conspiring to create confusion and misunderstand the people.
“This is the wisdom of our ancestors so that there will be no bloodshed,” said Bah HS Shylla at the awarding ceremony for the students of Khadsaw Phra College, Mairang, today.
Speaking and present were Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, Member of Raid Umket Dorbar, and others.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, said that such a statement shows a bad mindset. He said that without the BJP, a government could not have been formed. the public will respond.
He said that the intention of these people who live inside Themmotor is only to create trouble when they went to eat and drink inside the restaurant and they also have the intention to show force and There is no power in this state.
The reply also informed that the recruitment process for the posts allocated in the Meghalaya Lokayukta is ongoing and is expected to be completed within three months.
The Chief Guest on this occasion told those present.
The meeting was chaired by the Minister of Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram, who in his speech said that the central government will work for the development of the tribals in all aspects.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday renovated its headquarters in Dehradun.
BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in collaboration with Meghalaya Police in the fight against smuggling on the border have seized a large quantity of sugar and kwai supari hidden in a house.
With this statement, the KSU will continue to fight against foreigners in any form and take necessary measures.
Regarding the factories in Shallang, Bah Gigur said that the factories do not belong to the MLA, they belong to the government department. The government department has issued the license and as a leader he cannot challenge anything.
East Khasi Hill District is the capital of the state but the employment rate is only 37 percent while in Bhoi District it is only 38 percent.
On the other hand, the employees of MTC said that the government has already transferred A Nikhla as the Managing Director of MTC. Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul M Sangma today strongly condemned the management of the MD. Delhi Golf Club has insulted Tailin Lyngdoh in Delhi. This act cannot be accepted to insult the rights of other people.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will direct the state government to expedite the implementation of the schemes for the farmers.
SSLC Selection Test 2020 because only candidates who have passed the Selection Test of the DSEO office can appear for the Final SSLC Examination
It is essential to work together between the people, government departments such as PWD, Fisheries and other departments.
This is a special program to cover nearly 50,000 hectares of land under the PES. “We have completed the planting on 17,000 hectares.
According to the Joint Memorandum signed by the two leaders, which they have now agreed to follow up on this issue, they have made it clear that the Khasi Jaintia State and Garoland should be given according to the Article 370 (g) of the Constitution of India, it is on this basis that the GHSMC reminds the Central Government.
Because it was through the information of the Dorbar Shnong to the relevant authorities, he was tested positive.
“His appearance is to cooperate with the Police in connection with the incident on the 23rd of this month in connection with the demolition of illegal residences in Lum. Survey.
On these three issues, the CEM acknowledged that these are the issues that the Council needs to address and promised the JSU leaders to take action and discuss within the EC. He said that they can be brought into the House so that they can be fully implemented.
The union has written to protest against the government's decision to send these family members from abroad to return to the state.
Most of the affected households have fled to Laitmynsaw and Umsawrang villages above Balat. .
The Government is sorry for this incident and wants to see that these children will be in peace. ready to pick them up to bring back to their home state.
In the meeting held in Tura on Saturday, HSPDP President KP Pangniang and P Ryntathiang Joint Secretary of the party expressed their satisfaction that they have been able to meet to discuss the issue. this is the state requirement.
“These days I see in the newspapers that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem used to talk about the cleanliness in relation to the khaddar administration but now that they have implemented the scheme of the Government of India they cannot bring “Bah Pynshngain has not been able to send the price of the schemes in his own Mawsynram constituency until the people have been left in the dark,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah today distributed electricity cylinders to 38 poor households in Riatsamthiah village under the Prime Minister's Ujala Yojana scheme.
Many people have had to flee from the village to Dangngar and Laitumsaw.
These ISAs liaise with the village authorities and assist the Panchayati Rajs to implement this programme.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang IPS today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chouhan at Raj Bavan. Shillong.
He said that Meghalaya is a state with many varieties of soh and can market them using modern technology.
Shillong, July 21: Rosana Lyngdoh, one of the employees of Impulse Network, has informed the police that a Khasi youth went to Kolkata to look for work but when she arrived she was sold to Kolkata. state of Goa.
:As we approach the new year, we welcome the faith in renewal and confidence under the theme 'Unleashing Potential, Making India Self-reliant' for the first month of the year.
Marak said Meghalaya is on the fourth earthquake path in the world, so for the safety of school children it is important to think.
Regarding the entrance, the people in Byrnihat are still talking.
U Bah D Suiam, Secretary in charge of traditional dress and dance, said that the union expresses its gratitude to the DC for giving permission and directed to follow the rules that the union will fight as much as possible. follow the guidelines issued by the government.
The protest against the goods will be held again on Saturday and all are invited to join hands in the protest which will be held at 10:30 pm. he came forward.
Speaking at the meeting to decide whether to continue the strike, Maybon said that what he wants is to invite the two teachers who have become politicians to visit them. struggle.
The sugar was seized from a house on the border intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh after a joint operation between the Meghalaya Police and the BSF of the 200 Battalion. South Garo Hills.
He said the Government will soon announce the assistance measures including the distribution of Power Tillers to the farmers of the State.
All the injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Bah Banshai said that he wanted to talk to the management of the school but I didn't have the opportunity but I was able to talk to some of the parents who were in the area and who tried to take the school. They also expressed their surprise and asked questions why the school has dared to fight against the decisions of the Government.
On the other hand, the party urges all the rebel groups to stop their struggle especially at this time of the greatest religious festival in Christianity.
We all need to understand our responsibilities as outlined in the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) today arrived in Meghalaya and in her speech she said that from the parties in the North East India is the only NPP that has emerged from this region and understands the problems of the people.
Rangkynsai Kharbuki has been appointed to the Ministry of Water Resources, Arts and Culture and Youth Affairs.
Some of the households that the Seng has been able to donate to may be only visible and many may not be able to reveal it.
The Parliamentary meeting of the ruling MDCs of GHADC has decided who will take over the post of CEM of GHADC. Deputy CEM of GHADC Nikman Marak said that it is true that the CEM of GHADC Rakesh A Sangma will step down tomorrow. The NPP has decided to nominate Albinush R Marak MDC Siju as the candidate for the CEM election in GHADC. Many civil society organizations and the people have demanded that he become the CEM of GHADC.
Shillong, November 25: U Bah Pynshngianlang, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today launched the Campaign for Change.
Shylla said that the people should ask for an account from all those MLAs who have been involved in the drafting of the MRSS Act,
Referring to the state, the MPYC has raised the question why the tax on Petrolb and Diesel in Meghalaya is the highest among all the states.
The total number of deaths has risen to 1467, with 994 deaths from East Khasi Hills District and 135 deaths from West Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the union has already lodged a complaint with the network provider companies in the past few months, but till now the companies have not shown any signs.
It is said that all this is due to the fact that the authorities in the area do not want the civil society to enter.
This project will be carried out in various phases at a cost of T.9265 crore.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek also submitted a petition to Kiren Rijiju for special assistance for the Shillong Golf Course as in 2024 the golf course will turn 100 years old.
On this occasion, the residents of Mawsynram village have gathered to go to the Mawjymbuin Crematorium to protest against the ban if any group wants to perform any sacrifice. I don't accept this Mawjymbuin cream, as decided by the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
TABLE LAMPM54MAWLAI PEOPLE, UMSHORSHOR, SHILLONG 793017132013-02-0122UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDPDRUMM52LAITKOR MAWRIE, LUMHEH, SHILLONG – 793012-CRRUDY02ATMM-01 JAMEW, SHELLA VILLAGE, EAST KHASI HILLS, 793108152013-02-0126INDEPENDENTIND1
He said he appreciated the Government's decision to set up the Executive Committee of the Chief Ministers Economic Task Force on COVID-1 so that its recommendations can be reported and implemented as soon as possible".
Patel was a man of action like Gandhi, Nehru, and he was a man of great importance especially during and after the independence struggle.
Speaking to reporters after surrendering to the government, he said, “I don't have any difference of opinion with the party, but I have taken this decision by myself to surrender. Now to the authorities of the law, because the party is allowed to rest.
The opening hours for the public on these two days as part of the Republic Day celebrations will be from 3 pm to 7 pm, according to a government statement. released today.
Therefore, at the meeting, they decided today that we should put behind us the party affiliation and we come to this meeting with a spirit of sorrow as MDCs for this issue which affects the power or the powers of the District Council.
The theme of this year is “Nurses leads to sustainable development.
He said that he is in the hands of doctors to treat him even if he dies.
Before the funeral, a ceremony was held at the ground floor of the house where almost all the civil society organizations expressed their sorrow over the passing away of this rangbah and he was buried with honor at the cemetery of Baling u Blei. in Lakeland.
It is said that people from all over the world come to witness this ritual.
The Chief Minister said that this wealth of knowledge should be passed on to future generations. On this occasion, a book entitled “Indigenous 2023” was also launched in the presence of others. leader of this region.
The training was attended by officers from various police stations from across the state.
There have been 5 deaths from the disease, 4 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to .
At the same time, he said that the General Services Taxation (GST) will soon be implemented in India. this can e.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise, surprise and strong opposition to the MOU signed between the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) and the Executive Committee (EC). ) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 12.01.2006 led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) in the presence of Mr.
The meeting was chaired by Justice Devashis Baruah, Judge, Gauhati High Court.
The Union Minister said that the National Film Heritage Mission is the most important structure for the country to preserve the films shot on reels worth 1.32 lakh. movie reels are available so far.
The National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) was launched in Meghalaya in 2013-14 under the 12th Five Year Plan and the objective is to prevent the initiation of tobacco smoking among youth and adults. san, To encourage the elimination of alcohol/eating disorders among the youth and adults, To eliminate the inhalation of tobacco smoke, To reduce the tobacco market through IEC campaigns, to ban the advertisers tobacco and others, Reduce tobacco production by preventing children from getting it.
After a meeting with the members of the Commission led by Chairman YV Reddy, while the government led by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister said that the T. 50,000 crore is for the Non Plan which has amounted to T.35,000 crore and the majority is to fill the shortfall of the government.
Hamletson Dohling, James K Sangma, Dasakhiat Lamare from the NPP and Brolding Nongsiej from the UDP have been defeated in the 2023 elections. The most prominent candidates are Paul Lyngdoh and Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, both of whom have been leaders of the Bhalang in the past.
The UDP Youth Wing will try to meet face to face with the two before the MP election to invite them for talks. You want ARPA in KHADC to continue for three years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, acknowledged that it is true that only the BJP has issued election promises. The EC in GHADC shall implement the promises made publicly.
This is to avoid any legal punishment against those who pass by and to cooperate with the officers who visit the factories.
The visit was led by the Vice President of the party from Ri Bhoi District, Bah Brandon Shangpliang and other leaders of the party who also attended the event.
He said that this village has showcased and preserved its culture in terms of the song “Iawbei” and he congratulated the Prime Minister of India for mentioning this village. in his address to this town.
The Seng invites all the people of the area from Religious Leaders, Village Leaders, Teachers and School Students, Elders, Village Youth Associations, Seng Longkmie Shnong to attend this day. .
However, the question is, when they went to hand over the case yesterday, why didn't they arrest him?
The family members of these soldiers who have completed their training were also present on the occasion.
On 29th October 2022, the two Chief Ministers of the two states signed the soskular in New Delhi in the presence of the Union Home Minister of India. Amit Shah.
Police have arrested a foreign woman from this taxi with 1,776 grams of Yaba pills which are believed to be illegal drugs.
Shops on GS Road from Shani Mandir to Bimola Point have also been allowed to open.
Shillong, November 04: The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) continues its inspiring journey across Meghalaya where they have had close relationships with the people along with providing information and empowerment. people through providing information on various programs related to community welfare and development.
However, regarding the recruitment process, the state government itself is misleading and misleading, which also misleads those young applicants.
This has been suspended from 3 places under 3 districts from 01.04.2023, and thus, up to 18 places under the jurisdiction of 18 districts in 8 districts of Nagaland are still vacant. The Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, thanked Prime Minister Duh and said, “I thank him. Prime Minister Duh.
The meeting was accompanied by Samla Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary, Jaintia District Unit.
On the other hand, the home guards, despite the smoke, stopped to extinguish the fire to ensure that it did not spread to other parts of the rooms in the government office.
Shillong, July 17: The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 478, while the total number of confirmed cases in the state has risen to whole.
The statue was inaugurated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairman of State Planning. Board of Directors, High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh Pranay Verma, Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Arts and Culture Frederick Roy Kharkongor, former Chairman of UPSC Prof. David R. Syiemlieh, Adviser to the State Government, Bah Hamletson Dohling, MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council including Titostarwell Chyne, Teiborlang Pathaw, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem KM Syiem, Chief of Bhowal Hima Pa'iem Kynsai M.Syiem, the Young King of the Khyrim Hima, King Habapan Syiem and others.
The winners of this year's awards include Satisfy Paslein, Meaidahun Pamthied and Dashisha Gayang. They were awarded a certificate and a cash prize.
Under the leadership of MPCC President Vincent H Pala, the Congress party in Meghalaya has staged a protest in front of the Enforcement Directorate office in Langkyrdieng. At a meeting at Congress Bhavan before visiting the central government office in the state, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said that The party is against this because what the Congress party has paid for the National Herald newspaper has been done in accordance with the rules of law.
It is learned that the KJBA has requested the state government to recognize the KJBA as a cow trader but the government has refused to do so and this has encouraged the illegal traders.
Five former MLAs were welcomed by the President of the party, Conrad K Sangma. These MLAs who have joined the NPP are Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhlang Dhar, Ngaitlang Dhar and Remingtone. Pyngrope, Rowell Lyngdoh, Stephenson Mukhim, Comingone Ymbon and Hopeful Bamon.
Other central government offices in Meghalaya before appointing anyone in their offices, send the certificates to the MBOSE for verification. , also large companies before they hire people come to MBOSE to do what is needed and then they hire people.
The Director said that these buildings are only for the Block Institute of Teachers Education (BITE) and if the full allocation is received, they will be converted into District Institute of Teachers Education (DIET). ) of the District,” said the Seng.
However, the Minister said in the House that there is a difference in the registration of land between the tribals and non-tribals. Act 1908 of the Federal Government.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The JSU today met with the BSF troops patrolling in Amlarem for many days and the presence of BSF troops on the Amlarem road has raised questions among the people and on the other hand. The Commandant of BSF Dawki and the Sub Inspector of BSF said that the camp is part of the Joint Mobile Check Post and it will be a camp only. the shipor is not the shirt.
Never before have we seen the smooth running of the work and the spirit of hard work as you have shown at this time and it shows what that smooth running and the spirit of hard work means.
Because of the joy of independence, the leaders of India have forgotten to fulfill and implement these instruments of treaties and promises (IOA & AA), which are the rights of the Hima Khasi States.
The seized Yaba, the drugs and the two drug traffickers were handed over to the Ranikor Police Station for prosecution under the NDPS Act.
At the same time, the dorbar condemns the actions of the police on Tuesday night to shoot lyer pynsat khamt and bomb people and at the same time apologizes to the police for not shooting lyer pynsat khamt and at the same time apologize to the police. There were also injuries on the part of the police. This is not intentional but in the public service.
Shillong, Niatung 03: Police in East Khasi Hills District have conducted an investigation into the blast which happened at Lumkynsai in Smit this afternoon in which Bah Pynsuklang Khongwir, 30, died. this is a sad thing.
The union also suggested to have a survey of those living on the border, to collect information from all over the country, to check vehicles especially those carrying foreigners to prevent them from entering. without proper documentation.
The Chairperson of this Committee and the members of this Committee shall be educated and well versed in the law, the Constitution of India, shall be persons who are well versed in the income, education in the presence of citizens.
Earlier, at a meeting held at Dorbar Hall Nenggate, Pynursla, HFU President Commander Shangpliang, General Secretary Alfonsebirth Kharsyntiew and HFU Leader Leader Alfonsebirth Kharsyntiew gave a briefing. Babu Kular Khongjirem along with the farmers and village officials.
According to KHNAM, at present, the district level posts in Garo Hills are filled only by the Garo community while in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts, the Garo community is allowed to fill the posts along with the Khasi-Jaintia community.
The Prime Minister said that the MDA meets from time to time to discuss the work of the government to understand each other and that there will be no misunderstanding in the work. .
Shillong, July 24: The Shillong Municipal Board today received a photograph of a person accused of stealing money from villagers in Shillong and also a slip from the residents of Shillong. According to a statement sent by the SMB office, the slip they received was forged and The photograph of the accused and the slip were received from the WhatsApp group and the SMB office said that the slip was fake.
This happened after HITO President Donbok Dhar was summoned by the Investigating Officer (IO) at Sadar Police Station in connection with a case registered against him in November under Section and 34 IPC and Section 105 of the MP Act relating to the wearing of uniforms by HITO members.
Renikton is an MLAMLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency from the HSPDP party and is a Minister in the MDA government in the state.
So far, more than 9,000 people have arrived in the state from different parts of India and the remaining 6,5
Shillong, Nailur 09: Leaders of the KHNAm party today reached the State Central Library despite the police presence to hold a strike at the place to demand the right government. to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state and that the government should do something for the teachers.
Assam also scored two goals through Anshika Singh (U-49kg) and Nayatri Chetia (U-52kg).
He also expressed the need for the units and circles to be strong as it borders with Assam and many problems can come at any time.
The temporary building for the implementation of this block will be located inside the Mawtawar Dorbar Hall and the office of the Block which needs to be rebuilt will be located on top of Lummawsing Hill which has been donated by the village. .
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said he had spoken in Parliament to demand that the Central Government should appoint a Boundary Commission. .
KSU Upper Shillong Circle and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle as responsible organizations have taken this step as a warning to all those involved in this case especially those Agents. Land brokers who try to cover up eitmiaw by trying to Benami land by trying to buy in the name of private individuals and do not disclose the purchase of land by BSF and Army, on the other hand The two organizations have also received information that some of those agents/dalals have already received the advance from the BSF. We will not allow the income generation of those Agents/Brokers to affect the peace and order and the loss of land especially in the military because As a nation, we have already experienced and seen the harassment of the people by these troops whether it is in the 101 Area, Air Force in Upper Shillong who have tried to block even the road in the area. Lum Shyllong.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the District Administration, Ampareen, Chairperson of the HCWE, said that the Committee has directed the District Administration to pay the fees. Agnes and Amita have received T.5 lakh within nine days.
In this “Aiom Leh Kmen” the participants include from youth to children from all over the State through various games from Rongbiria, Mawpoiñ, Rwai Ka Siaw, Phawar, traditional dances as well as between Football, Basketball, Badminton and other children's sports will be included in the festival.
He also highlighted some interventions like underground conduit for cables, painting of buildings, construction of footpaths etc to improve the aesthetic look of the cities.
He said that the party has already written to the former Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri and promised but nothing has been done so far. of Assam in many ways, but it seems that the Meghalaya government is afraid of the Assam government.
Referring to the state government, they will write to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to demand the appointment of a committee of inquiry into the NIOS results. the state government.
When contacted by SP News Agency, those in the ION DIGITAL ZONE said that they have found a place to write in this place and from the information received that this place cannot allow students. Only 288 candidates have been waiting for their turn to write the examination at the same time.
The union has decided to hold a rally on the 24th of this month at the office of the DC of SWKH District to demand that the proposal to set up a BSF camp inside the SWKH District should be cancelled. of the district, said Bah Nongrem.
Our differences cause us to become divided.
The time will come when the Dorbar Shnongs will become incompetent and these committees will take over.
Shillong, July 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has sent his resignation letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs on the allegation that he is a woman.
In fact, in the past few days, these factories have agreed to pay a new price of T.7 per metric tonne per kilometer as announced by the State Government and this price has been scheduled to be implemented from the 15th of this month. Naiwieng, but until now they have not received the price of the new bill.
On this occasion, the residents showed the HYC leaders the land of the villages around the area.
In the men's Hald Marathon 2021, Kressterjune Pathawm won the first title, Hepstarly Lyngkhoi came second and Daniel Lyngdoh Wahlang won the third title.
The KSU SWKH has said that there is no space for exploratory mining, drilling activities and uranium mining in South West Khasi Hills District and if the government does not want to take responsibility, it will take responsibility if anything happens. Williamnagar, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday visited the siej factory at Nongshram which has been closed down since last month. identify it as an industry that can no longer be saved.
Shillong, July 23: The JSU has met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister, Snaiwbhalang Dhar on the opening day of the Wahiajer Stadium.
Referring to the MRRSA, Dr Mukul said that the present government has no responsibility to implement it and for this reason the delay in the implementation has brought about a change in the MRRSA. Even the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has not read the Act properly.
Ability to identify errors in documentation, ability to explain clearly on safety hazards.
Shillong, Lber 20: Police in the state have arrested four drivers who were drunk while driving.
Ajay Tirkey is an IAS officer of 1987 from Madhya Pradesh. Before joining the Lokpal, he was Secretary to the Land Department of India.
The Center is expected to be completed within five months.
At the same time, he said the central government should also listen to the demands of the people.
Bah Aiborlang joined the party in
Under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and other officials, the village has planted trees in the outskirts of the village and celebrated Christmas in a different manner from others with the support of the villagers. resident.
On the other hand, the health officials have explained to the public through public meetings in public places that the disease can be cured if they come forward to take timely treatment.
What is more shocking is that even the electricity supply has understood that as soon as the sky is blue and the rain is falling, it has gone out.
A poem was also read to him as a sign of remembrance and recognition of his work in the past years in the politics and his contributions to the people. people of this constituency, as well as the state as a whole.
The Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of Mawsynram Sub-Division have come to Shillong on the orders of the SDO Mawsynram Sub-Division to meet with the relevant authorities to inform about the incident. for this work.
However, what surprised the Seng was that after the Seng had inspected, it found that there were foreign workers from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Referring to the North East, Dragon said that this is the first time they have visited the region.
, and various groups such as Vijnana Bharati, Rashtriya Dendarshika PracharManch, held the conference.
After completing his studies he started working as a lawyer but after a while he stopped because he didn't like it because he found that he had to lie and cheat in his lawyer.
Besides these trainings, the Khasi Seng also plans to teach the future generations to preserve their customs and traditions which have been handed down from ancient times by their ancestors.
On Sickle Cell Day, 44,751 programs were conducted under the NSCAEM across the country in 17 states and 343 districts most affected by the disease.
Other office bearers of the party who were re-elected today are Dr. KD Ramsiej as General Secretary, Dr. RP Kharshiing as General Secretary, Dr. .M M Sometimes.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that 90% of the people in Meghalaya will not benefit from the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme). Their income will be between T.6 lakh and T.18 lakh.
Shillong, November 19: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today gave permission to the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) to hold a strike. The Additional Secretariat is located near the Additional Secretariat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Shillong Lajong FC have won the I-League 2023-24 against Sreenidi Deccan FC for the first time in the tournament. Shillong: The SSA Stadium-Polo, Shillong, has scored two goals each.
Shillong, July 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the construction site of the newly constructed Legislative Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang to see the progress of the work. .
The scheme from the central government is known as the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana, which provides Rs 1,24,000 (one lakh twenty-four thousand tyngka) for a 10,000 square foot pond. feet.
Under the theme “Northeast in Action”, the discussion on “Youth, Workforce and the Economic Tapestry of India” aims to showcase the various roles played by youth and workers from the North East.
UDP leader Bah SD Khongwir is now waiting for the time to join the Congress party, according to latest reports.
On the other hand, the DC of East Khasi Hills District urged the people to take advantage of this opportunity to get a new tyndong lyer shet as a collaboration to protect the environment from victory.
The Umiam-Umtru Stage-III Power Station was put into operation in 1979 and has been operating for more than 35 years.
On this occasion, the members of the HYC have called for the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the Coalition Government, has convened a meeting of the MDA on Friday. .
Shillong, Nailur 12: U John Lanong has won first place among other magicians from different states in the competition held on 9th November 2016 at the District Library, Guwahati Assam.
On the other hand, the CSWO said that the government officials should not make 'langknia' to the people just because of the money taken by MeeCL, if the money taken by MeSEB is not clean why should the name be changed? Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, said:
The death of these two youths has caused great concern to the family members and the people of Jowai and also to us as the Sengbhalang who have witnessed with our own eyes that the death by hanging in On our part, the JSU and JYF strongly condemn the stingy behavior of the patrol police who are on duty at night. This shows the lack of attention and lack of attention of the police of this police station especially those on duty on this night of tragedy not only to them. The two organizations urge the DC West Jaintia Hills District and the Home Department to take action to investigate the case. This tragic incident has shocked many churches in Jaintia Hills that the law enforcement authorities have shaken the peace of mind while in police custody which we expect those arrested to get “There is a fair trial according to the law with change when they receive a warning from the law enforcement authorities, but it is a mistake that destroys our confidence,” said the leaders of these two organizations.
Two deaths have been reported from East Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of deaths to
If the children of the father who take the jaid father will lose their Khasi identity.
Therefore, we are on behalf of HANM-JHU. We have seen all these things that the leaders have not done in relation to the development of the National Highway 44 which has been used all the time especially for U Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar As the Minister of PWD, he has shown a lot of interest in his own area.
The HNLC hopes for the best from this talks but we cannot be sure how far this talks will go or will be successful because so far the only successful peace talks are the Mizoram Peace Accord. 1986 if you count the whole world.
He congratulated those who have benefited from the schemes and those who have performed best under various programs who have been honored in this program and said that these are indeed a sign of hard work.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah on Tuesday imposed Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the public from dumping garbage in Pung Umïam. The Meghalaya High Court on March 3, 2023 has ordered to restore the cleanliness of the Umïam Lake by ensuring the cleanliness of all the rivers flowing into the lake.
School children from Sohra area, runners from the state as well as foreign children will take part in the event.
The party wants to know this in the House. The ban on cow meat has been passed in one state but has affected the transportation of cows. by which they will seek clarification from the government.
AVSM, VM has been appointed as the Air Officer Commanding in charge of the Eastern Air Command of the Indian Air Force.
The Officer In-Charge of Pynurlsa police station said that the police are still searching for the suspects and are now finding out more information regarding the incident. the wicked shall not escape the hand of the law.
There are 70 recoveries today, 55 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 3 from East Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. so far there are 12322 people.
After Dr Pakem, Onwardleys Well Nongtdu has been elected once, Oliverneat Chyrmang twice, Hopeful Bamon once and Shitlang Pale three times. street.
New Delhi, July 11: U Amit Shah today took over the Ministry of Home Affairs in North Block, New Delhi.
Thombor Shiwat, MDC of 8-Nartiang-Umladang, is alleged to be the son of Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, Minister of Roads and Highways. state government.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Raid Nongtung under the Khyriem Hima has strongly opposed the Assam government's decision to put up a sign board reading 'Welcome to Karbi Anglong' at Sabuda village, Ri Bhoi District.
Unfortunately, the use of tear gas should be limited to dispersing the public and not to attacking private shops.
Sanbor said that in 2005 there was a complaint in the Guwahati High Court and the High Court had given a decision on this issue, but because the government did not The army has started digging another well at Lawsohtun near the Sericulture Department of the Central Government.
Shillong, July 30: A bomb exploded at Khyndailad near the mobile shop at Center Point at 7.00 pm today. No casualties were reported.
The areas that the area needs are roads, airports, schools, media and others to develop this, he said the most important thing is to look after agriculture. the fields and the young men.
At this meeting, the Dorbar decided that the government should hand over the inquiry to the National Human Rights Commission of India to investigate into the shooting of Bah Cheris by the police. your house.
The union reminded the Chief Secretary that according to the Reservation Policy, “If any category cannot fill any post, that post will be filled by another category. the registration of the work will come after the correction of it.
If there are trucks that want to enter Shillong, they should be stopped at Mawryngkneng.
As the party has struggled to strengthen the party in all the constituencies, this meeting was in preparation for the MP elections to the Lok Sabha and the party wants to win up to 400 constituencies.
The Seng will also send a letter to the State Government, KHADC and MoEF on this issue.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary said that it is the responsibility of the department to implement the Legal Metrology Acts and the central government is implementing this Act.
On the other hand, the government has decided that every kilometer should have a lower primary school and this school should not be far from the upper primary school.
On this occasion, MEPA honored Bah George who has been a member of the party for many years and has worked hard for the development of MEPA. Dr DD Lapang, EK Mawlong, Manas Choudhury and George B Lyngdoh have been elected as MLAs. degree.
During the meeting, the unit leaders also demanded to be informed about the problems faced by the farmers in these days during the time of corona virus. The BDO has made it clear that he will fight as long as he can.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest urged the Khasi students that when they are in Bengaluru, they should not have any differences between the Khasi people and to be united to promote their language. .
The students demanded that the Vice Chancellor should resign for ignoring their demands.
When asked whether they will demand a special session, Pyniaid said that there are still two MDCs from the UDF who want to join the UDA. There is a thought that this meeting with the Governor is only to inform that there are 15 MDCs on their side.
Some grants such as those relating to the management of health services, the management of agriculture and other related activities, the management of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary show the main characteristics.
This brutal act of the Border Guard Force was found by the residents of this area and many trees which have been planted for many years have been damaged by these Border Guard Force.
Therefore, in order to implement the ILP throughout Meghalaya, the approval of the President of India is required.
Shillong, July 18: The University of Science and Technology (UTSM) today held a ceremony to honor those students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSLC examinations in the presence of the Prime Minister. Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Education and Dr DD Lapang in Ri Bhoi District.
The total number of recoveries today is 61, 39 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from East Jaintia Hills, 6 from East Garo Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from South West Garo Hills. , South West Khasi Hills 1, the total number of recoveries so far has risen to
“The Press MEDIA cannot be trusted anymore.
According to the order of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the agricultural products sold in the market should be cut only in kriah, shang, byrni or plastic, but not in plastic. The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will punish anyone who violates this order and this has been approved by the District Council.
The welcome ceremony was held at the residence of Bah Renikton in the presence of party leaders.
The public is prohibited from throwing garbage on any road, whether it is a highway, village road or street throughout the Sub Division. said a statement issued by the Sub Divisional Civil Office.
Speaking to media, MRDSTA President ED Nongsiang said that there are about 2000 retired deficit teachers in Meghalaya who are waiting for their pension from the government.
This is with the aim of curbing the spread of corona virus in the area as the government has failed to do its part.
Therefore, I appeal to you my friends to give me your support so that I can be your victory, because I will fight for the rights of you people.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has opened the door for members of the HNLC to come and surrender like the General Secretary of the party in the past few months. the dep.
The Government should introduce training on marriage in schools so that the students understand that this is a sacred activity.
The BSF has done its utmost to prevent such incidents at the border.
I commend the attitude and enthusiasm of our young people.
Before the rally, the HYC has held a meeting in front of the statue of Tirot Singh in Mariang and they will continue the rally which they started on the 22nd of this month. the month of Nongstoin.
The lack of adequate knowledge among the poor and less experienced farmers about modern fertilizer cultivation methods and the use of chemical fertilizers derived from other living organisms that can bio-pesticides, bio-fertilizers are the main reason for the current agricultural situation in India.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Shnong Umwai in the presence of the Sordar of Umwai, the Office Bearers of the Hima Mawlong and the Office Bearers of the HYC Sengkmie including the President of the HYC Sengkmie Bah Roykupar Synrem, Samla Francis.
“I believe that MePGCL will send experts to survey whether it is possible to operate small vehicles (from this old copper bridge), he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) today sought clarification from the Chief Secretary on the benefits of the Northeast Gas Grid Project. The General Secretary of HANM East Khasi Hills, Bah Bawandonbok Nongsiej, has admitted that the Northeast Gas Grid Project has been funded by the Central Government at a cost of Rs 9,000 crore. At present, the owners of these land used by the company have not received any assistance from the company.
Shillong, March 11: Three persons have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the bomb blast in front of the NPP office, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said. They were later arrested according to the testimony of the first arrested person.
The completed work has cost T.2.46 crore.
The Seng would like to urge our fellow countrymen to think carefully, to investigate and to analyze carefully as it affects the nature of the nation.
The traditional system of mining and extraction is the traditional system of mining that has been practiced by our ancestors for all those who want to work.
Shillong, Lber 04: The swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma will be held tomorrow at 11 am at the Governor's residence.
The university was established through an Act of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in 2005 when the university was established in the field of research. Mr DD Lapang was the Chief Minister of the state and the incumbent Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma was the Education Minister at that time.
In another incident, BSF troops of 4 Bn seized sarees on the border with Bangladesh in East Khasi Hills District while they were trying to send them to Bangladesh.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra was launched across the country to fully deliver key government schemes by ensuring that the benefits of these schemes reach all eligible people on time.
“One of the demands of the union that we have expressed regarding the post of Nursing Officer is that NEIGRIHMS has conducted the examination through NORCET which has caused a loss to the local students.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Income Tax Department of India (ECI) has issued a directive to monitor the movement of money during the elections. attract voters.
The KSU wants to see that the government will evict the government employees from this area. The KSU does not know what the government will do to this area. government should relocate them to other places for safety.
The owner of the shop, while talking to reporters, said that they used to open the door as usual and today a group of people came and threw a petrol bomb inside the shop. the store caught fire because it was a clothing store.
The family has also lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission to take action on this issue and to get their rights as citizens.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: Unidentified persons today threw stones at the house of Macdalyne S Mawlong, MDC of the NPP from Umsning Constituency.
He said that the training should be conducted in such a way that the Government employees acquire these qualities.
The Dorbar ki Bakhraw of the Hima Mylliem wants to stop this request of the KHADC, as the agreement was made without the consent of the Dorbar Hima.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Shillong Customs office today seized 1019.490 kilos of Ganja and 2.437 kilos of heroin worth T.19.17 crore. under the NDPS Act, 1985.
When we look at the foundation, we find that it is the selflessness of the teachers that makes these ad-hoc schools grow and develop.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South today inaugurated two roads in Rilbong, one from near the temporary Legislative Assembly to the house of S Paul. from PWD road to Sankar Dev Women's Hostel.
Shillong, July 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 462 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 4558 people are still in critical condition.
This is to confirm, because it is true as asked that the traders from the rural areas have difficulty in coming to Shillong, that is the truth, they are now looking into if they can reach the Civil Sub Divisions. to the merchants to carry the goods.
The KSU said that the same public decision will also apply against the Atomic Minerals Directorate if it continues.
As a precautionary measure ahead of the Republic Day celebrations, BSF troops of the 193 Battalion on Tuesday arrested three drug traffickers and seized 1728 grams of Yaba bullets from your body.
The MBOSE has no role in conducting the Pvt Selection Test but it is up to the DSEOs of each District.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to
All State Governments and Union Territories have been directed to explain the importance of AADHAAR and to inform the public through the media while there are lat. The roads, whether through Radio, TV or any other means, the people in the villages can also get light.
He said the goal is not to forget to save lives.
Regarding other allegations, he said that they are the internal affairs of NEIGHRIMS and he cannot say anything.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: Ki paid Christians of all denominations in Meghalaya today held services to commemorate this day because it was on this day that the Savior was crucified. you are Jesus Christ.
The statue of Father Sngi has been opened in the same place in the past years, but now the statue has been improved and the place has been improved by the construction to improve the atmosphere where people They can come and pray in front of the statue of Father Sun inside the Parsih.
During this visit, the Governor met with all the organizers of the pandal and congratulated the people. had the opportunity to meet with the Governor of the State.
Now, the question arises from many people, that just to be a candidate of that party, it costs 5 crore tyngka, if you go to resign when you win or become an MLA, how much does it cost? Some people say that it is less expensive when you win, but many others say that when you win, the price is shiphew or arphew shah than the price before winning the election.
Warjri said the state government through the Soil & Water Conservation Department has started implementing an incinerator, which can burn all the waste until it turns into fire.
After the children had finished eating, the management of the hotel took them to the Playdom by 3 Phoenix which is located on the ground floor of the MCrown Hotel. The ribbon was cut by these children.
With the introduction of this e-CST project, the Central Sale Tax Certificate form will be eliminated.
The President of the Association, Bah JA Lyngdoh, said that on this day, the petition will be read out and sent to the President of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu. Phagu Chauhan to fight against bloodshed and restore peace and stability in Manipur.
Speaking on the discussion on the issue of food production and invitation of investors to the area, Pankaj Kumar Prasad, Managing Director, NERAMAC, said that NERAMAC is working all around the area. The North Eastern Region of India will hold this special meeting on the 17th of this month in Shillong and those who wish to participate can register before the 15th of this month.
Before concluding the training, these students also demonstrated their fighting skills to defeat the insurgents.
According to news sources and research of the Seng, it has been found that every time there is a vacancy in the Post Office, many foreigners get jobs because the selection criteria for getting jobs is to speak English and Hindi. and this is one of the reasons why it is a source of concern for the people of the state.
I am confident that our athletes will do better at the Paris Olympics.
The PHC covers many villages from the border with Bangladesh to the lower parts of Pynursla.
Bah SD Khongwir has been the Rangbah Shnong for 50 years and the ceremony was held in July this year.
There are some states which are trying to start Special Home Isolation OPDs where people cannot be verified if they have COVID-19 and for this purpose, the states intend to employ young people who have in the final year of MBBS.Due to the high number of new cases, some states are using eSanjeevaniOPD 24 hours a day.
This is evident in the e-commerce industry through the Open Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC) which has opened the door for MSMEs to take advantage of emerging opportunities.
The principles that will lead to the decision are as follows:-“Even if the law provides that the promises made in the election cannot be accused of “corruption” According to Section 123 of the RP Act, the fact is that it cannot be avoided that the distribution of freebies in any form will undoubtedly affect the people.
At present, there are many theses who have written theses to get the degree of Ph.D.
All the injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills has issued a 10-year jail term for Dri Phawa after he was found guilty of raping a child in a village in West Jaintia Hills. District.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, she said that the police cannot take it easy, the security is sufficient to ensure that the people have the opportunity to celebrate this day as same long.
The opening ceremony of the Chief Minister’s State Level Inter-School Athletic Meet 2023 was held today at SAI, STC Shillong, NEHU Campus in which Isawanda Laloo, Director, Sports & Youth Affairs graced the event as the chief guest.
Thus, the attempt can fail if the voice is not heard in the community and it is difficult to change the minority of candidates; that too, it is not certain to receive the victory.
In this regard, the State Government has written to the Central Government to consider this issue, but no reply has been received from the Central Government. weight.
The training program began with the lighting of the Sharak followed by a prayer dance by the students of Mawkynrew Holy Cross Higher Secondary School. Fr. Antony M Joseph, CSC Principal. Other speakers included Fr. Simon & Fr. Joe Paul and a performance by the Summer Brothers.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Public Information Campaign on the Bharat Development Programs of the Central Government has ended today at Tynring.
The map also shows that there is an inscription in the Revenue Department of GHADC Tura which is written GDC Tura.
He said that the youth play an important role in democracy and urged everyone to become responsible citizens and contribute to the building of the country by implementing the teachings and beliefs. of Swami Vivekananda in their lives.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the President of the UDP party, the party in the MDA government, CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the talks were held on two issues. one on the ILP and the other on the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong, Lber 08: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by Process T Sawkmie, said that The total number of vacancies is 2028 from Grade IV to higher.
The union will soon meet the District and Session Judge of WJHD to request her to consider the plight of the people in the application for Birth Certificate.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Biswas said that Meghalaya has not yet opened up its tourist attractions to the world. Mawlyngong and Shillong, but there are still many places where people do not know these places.
Independent and Biris Pasi of the HSPDP.
Therefore, from time to time, the Seng has met with the Government authorities to demand that Police Out Posts should be set up in the border areas. to build Out Posts in the border areas.
However, many of the residents of Lower Mawprem are facing difficulties in getting to work, even when getting medicine from hospitals and they are harassing the residents and saying that they come from the containment zone and they also threw down the whole lower stone.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today announced the results of Class XII Science with 2634 passers.
New Delhi, July 30: The National Film Heritage Mission is an important part of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to preserve the films shot by the rill, these unique heritage.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Meghalaya Fresh Vegetable and Ginger Association (MSA) today demanded that the police should take strict action against those who demand money from jhur traders.
One of the reasons is the lack of employment, the lack of guidance of the youth in the right path, the lack of efforts to guide the youth in the right path. understand the problems and overcome them.
For Class XI and Class XII, the MBOSE will hold it next year.
He expressed his special gratitude to the leaders of the Salesian Society of Shillong Province who have always supported all the activities of the Youth Center for the development of the youth of the state.
During the meeting, the party said that the party was founded in 1946 before India gained independence.
According to the residents of the area, the theft of timber from the forests in Meghalaya has happened from time to time. to do this work today to arrest these vehicles which came to carry the timber.
Dr Kumar said the National Games 2020 will be held in Meghalaya and for this reason, the state government has launched projects to promote sports related activities.
"He added, "And so, it doesn't matter how difficult that goal is.
The Wahumkhrah well near the Wahingdoh Dorbar Shnong has collapsed and this well has been built in the past few years. god.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Macdalyne said that unidentified persons threw stones at her house as she was standing on the ground floor and immediately entered the house. Police have rushed to the MDC's house to conduct an investigation into the incident.
This is done in accordance with the Appointment of Rangbah Shnong Act 1959 and the Rule
In recognition of her hard work, the award was presented at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi on 30th July by Union Health Minister JP Panda. He is also the Chairman of the Chairman of the Indian Red Cross Society, New Delhi.
The new college will be constructed at a cost of Rs 70 crore.
Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, India has exported meat worth T.59,000/- crore this year.
The Seng has been informing and meeting with the government authorities in this regard, from 2017 to Roshan Warjri who was the Health Minister at that time to Bah AL Hek this year. on the 100 bed CHC which has not been completed for many years.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma will meet the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan at Raj Bhavan tonight.
One of the objectives of the Campaign is to release a booklet in different languages.
In this smuggling of cattle, many times these people from Bangladesh smuggle into Meghalaya and smuggle the cattle on the border and these smugglers have also injured the residents on the border.
Replying to the question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that through the MegArise scheme, the government will spend to maintain the two water wells, the Umiew and Ganol rivers. it is T.344 crore.
The meeting was conducted by BB Lawrynniang, Chairperson of Nongum Presbytery.
This is the beginning of the protest to convey to the government their demand. If the government does not do anything, the union will continue to protest until the government removes this demand. The DC is currently in Nongstoin.
Today is the Memorial Day of Shillong where the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has spoken on how his government will do to improve the income of the region. east of India.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that it would be wrong if the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not issue a No Objection Certificate for the construction of roads in the Eastern District. Khasi Hills, he said that as the leaders of the people, they have already taken an oath to work without fear or hesitation to fulfill their duties as leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Many people have been injured in many road accidents in Shillong today.
With this victory, Sabina will represent India at the Mrs International pageant to be held abroad in London which will start on 3rd November and end on 10th November. moon.
Shillong, November 14: MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh, MPCC Working President George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa Marbaniang and Mohendro Rapsang are all MLAs. Shillong, November 14: U Symbut The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said the government will send the names of those 198 people who have been in close contact with those who went to Greenwood Resort in Assam. 19 Committees in the villages.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, reminded that the new scheme will improve the functioning of the Khadar Court.
According to a statement issued by the Police Department today, the examination will be held on two days, on the 26th and 27th June 2022 according to the schedule for these two days in the Eastern Range and Western Range.
Looking at our country, we have experienced a dam closure for 2 months and during these times we have seen the suspension of various activities from the markets, the movement of commercial vehicles, trains, aircraft, manufacturing operations and more.
These SOPs should be implemented by the relevant authorities.
Those who attended the event were UN Madan and many school children.
On the other hand, the woman said that if it had not been for the stingy action of the Rynjah Police Station and the slow arrival of the fire brigade, the damage would not have affected their house.
The Chief Minister said that the opening of the new district in Mairang will be immediately after the decrease in the number of cases of COVID-19, the Chief Minister confirmed today.
Speaking at the meeting, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the protest has been going on for six months in the name of the voice of the people of Mawlai. .
Finally, as a nation, let us think carefully about what is the best way and vision to rebuild and preserve the broken pillars and pillars of the Khasi-Pnar nation? Do you want to become a Khasi-Jaintia state? The HSPDP understands that it cannot stand alone to achieve this demand, so the party has put forward the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State as part of the People's Mandate of the nation as a whole. .
Shillong, November 19: U Bah Peter A Dohkrud, Muktiar of the Supreme Court, on Tuesday said that how can the Congress from Meghalaya give its statement if it does not file an appeal in the Supreme Court? to criticize.
“The primary objective of the State Water Informatics Center (SWIC) is to act as an agency to collect information on water in the state in various ways whether it is rainfall, water availability in streams, to monitor them annually and to provide information to the relevant departments such as PHE, Soil & Water Conservation, Agriculture, Disaster Management and others. others so that they can provide accurate information,” he said.
The Prime Minister promised that the government will find ways and means to address this issue.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its gratitude to the Government for selecting Sohryngkham Village in Mawryngkneng area for the construction of this Stadium as it is a source of employment for the youth of the village and the area. I encourage the sports fans especially to open the door for the youth who love sports to develop and use the talents that the Creator has given them.
Explaining about his meeting with three Block Level Officers recently, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that his satisfaction increases when he sees the hope of those working in the field.
The GNLA member, Alias ​​Dotling, is from Telekhali village in South Garo Hills District and joined the rebel group in In 2012, he was a member of the ANVC(B).
I would like to raise the issue of population growth in a country from the Red Fort today.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof Badaplin War as the chief guest said that there are families who rule and look after the welfare only by the mother.
The Government has increased the salary of teachers in SS Schools from T.10000/- to T.20000/- and in HSS Schools from T.12000/- to T.24000/-. Teachers who teach in LP Schools have received only T.6000/- and those who teach in UP Schools have received only T.8000/-.
There are 209 students who have passed the examination but have not yet been employed.
According to information received, the fire broke out at 5:00 pm on Tuesday morning due to a power outage.
Shillong, July 20: The JSU-WJC on Tuesday lodged a complaint with Shri Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Home and Border Areas Development. Bangladesh (BGB) near the zero line of the India-Bangladesh border and also the loss of the sub pillar of Paia BP No.1273 at Wah Umngot near the BSF camp at Dawki.
On this day, the mosques were filled with believers and after the prayer there was a mutual greeting. On this day, a special prayer was held at the Madina mosque in Laban.
This shows that the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District is on the side and we want her to clarify to the public on what basis she as the District Leader will speak the part that should be spoken by the AMD. The people of South West Khasi Hills District have considered such statements which have confused the people of the district as a whole on the uranium issue and consider for whom you work.
The body of a 38-year-old man, Bah Shanbor Surong, who went missing on 17th July, 2023 while leaving the house of Nia Kha in Patarim village. , Mawlai Nongkwar at 2:00 pm on his way home from Jaiaw Pdeng, Shillong. The body of u Sonapani was found on the 21st of July, 2023 at Sonapani.
If it were not for the foreigners, I would have thought that many of the leaders inside the government especially those in charge of MUDA department would have gone to this place to protect the foreigners. shy went to the scene to protect their own people but were sent by the police (SP News).
The party President Dr Donkupar Roy said the names of these 28 candidates have been accepted by the Election Committee of the party which met today.
In Jowai, the West Jaintia Hills District Police have put up a sign on the vehicles of the public, only for those who like the sign “Ong Em Ia u Drok”. in these alcoholic beverages.
The union therefore demands that the compensation should be paid immediately and that the demands of the union should be taken immediately to free them from such tragic incidents.
He said that according to the rules, the date has been set for the election of the new CEM so he conducted the election according to the rules without violating the rules of the House. day.
She has also served well in the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, Congo and Lebanon.
The AIM leader said that this is the most special day that the AIM has come forward to fight for the freedom of everyone. they come here to make public.
There were 104 bouts in which the rangiakura prepared themselves for the competitions as well as the BFI officials, along with the hard work of the MBA officials, the Sports and Youth Affairs department and the BFI officials. Many volunteers have been involved in the organization of this tournament.
Regarding the 18th Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency out of the four candidates who applied for the party ticket, the CEC has decided to nominate Bah Rocky Hek.
He said the budget of T.1,986 crore is to be used for the recruitment of 11,000 vacancies.
In the RTI reply sent by the Transport Department, the Government of Meghalaya has found that the report of the Inquiry Committee shows that the members of the Committee should be punished,” said Bah Iangrai.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government will look into how to improve education in the region. He said that the government is preparing to implement Community Colleges across the state. he said.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 15: The 101st Army Battalion today celebrated the 74th Army Day by laying flowers at Prerna Sthal in Shillong to commemorate the surrendered soldiers. sacrifice their lives for the sake of the country and to protect the citizens.
The Prime Minister expressed his happiness to meet with those who have returned to the right path and this happiness is also for the family members and the people of Garo Hills. Hills all over.
In addition to the excessive ease of operation.
Speaking to media on the incident, Lyngwa said that Bah Romeo is a supporter of the HNLC and they have known about it since They seized his vehicle and arrested one ULFA member and two HNLC members with weapons.
He said that the completion of the selection of people to fill lakhs of jobs in a few months and the issuance of job certificates is a sign of a change in the way the Government works in these areas. 7-8 years ago.
On the other hand, Conrad said it would be good if ways and means could be found to facilitate the tourists from Bangladesh as suggested.
He said that if Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, really loves the people, he should have met the BJP leaders in Delhi to implement the VAB. Antonio War, MDC, who has joined the BJP, said that he has no intention of joining the party because he has not shown even once that he will go to Delhi to discuss the VAB. I don't want to send T.133 crore to the KHADC but I don't want to lose the VAB, but I say here that we don't need wealth that can be lost but we need a strong law to protect we are low paid," he said.
This request was submitted in 2019, and a letter was sent to the Minister of Education.
All education departments and colleges have been directed to postpone the examinations scheduled for the 10th morning for unavoidable reasons.
He said that the 12 themes for the 12 months reflect the government's efforts for the welfare of the people.
The ADG of BSF in charge of HR also met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang and the Director General of Police, Meghalaya. and Bangladesh.
The declaration of “Containment Area” for this village is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and at the same time to allow the health workers to contact those people who have been infected with COVID-1 don't be afraid to be positive.
“It is important to look out for exceptional athletic talents and provide full training to children and we need to ensure that our child athletes shine," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle has inaugurated and cut the ribbon on two classrooms of the Mawlai Umjaiur LP & UP School which has been constructed by the HYC for the past few months.
Women in Kashmir have started cold water trout farms.
The great men of the world saw far and established this organization which is an organization all over the world, to provide service to others requires perseverance and the leaders have done that.
The Dorbar has decided to urge the State Government and the Government of India to facilitate the amendment of the Sixth Schedule especially in the parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia until it has received clarity and approval from all sides. Even the Late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, who spoke in Parliament on 15 May 1989, when exempting Meghalaya from the Panchayat Act, said, “ in Meghalaya there are Traditional Systems of Self Governments which must be preserved.
On the other hand, the family members of Kong Rympai have written to the Mawrong Dorbar Shnong that they want to make peace so that the family of Kong Rympai and Bah Shadap can return to their homes. However, the village has not taken any decision yet.
In fact, women don't even have the right to participate in the election of Daloi, but this EC has appointed a woman Daloi.
According to the MBoSE, the number of students who will sit for the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination will increase to 2,489 by Certificate (HSSLC) was increased to 2,3
Those who tested positive today are East Garo Hills 15, East Jaintia Hills 27, East Khasi Hills 346, North Garo Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 147, South West Garo Hills 27, South West Khasi Hills Garo Hills 69, West Jaintia Hills 32, West Khasi Hills 27.
The construction of the new office started in March, 2017 and was completed in November, 2018 at a cost of T.209.43 lakh.
Regarding those who have returned to the state so far, 6565 people have arrived.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to look into the number of blocks and to divide them to address the problem of implementation of development projects. Mawlai Block today is the beginning and this will be the bridge for the people and the schemes of the government that it has to implement for the people.
Therefore, it is not that nothing has not been done but the Government has done its duty, whether it is in the Infiltration Check Gate, in various departments to find out. these people and to how to return them to where they came from.
Shri Tomlin S Sangma of Land Records and Survey Department, Shri George S Sawian of Fisheries Department, Shri Thesus K Marak of Sports and Youth Affairs, Smti.
These two shops belong to the parents of Kong Skola Wahlang and her son, Bah Tanlin Wahlang.
The cold weather lasted for about 20 minutes and affected the trees where many of the leaves fell to the ground.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki, today clarified that the petrol bomb blast on a police vehicle at midnight on the 25th was not inside Mawlyndep.
The Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, admitted that one of the replies sent to the SP, M Kharkrang said, “Thank you Bah...I appreciate the proposal. If you can't bring the party as a whole to the table of talks with the Government, you see that even after Bah Julius Dorphang has ended the struggle of the HNLC, the HNLC has not yet. cut hi until now.
Dr. Fenella has been a teacher in colleges and has also received a Gold Medal in Law from Delhi and has been involved in social activities.
“Lajja Ram Bishnoi, who holds the post of Director General of Police, Meghalaya, arrived in Shillong on 17th June, 2022 by riding in a white Kia Carnival Limousine Model, which is registered with the Government of Assam. The vehicle has now registered with a new number plate ML-02-A-0001, which is the registered number for the Verna 1.6 VTVT. The Kia Carnival Limousine was a rented vehicle of Lajja Ram Bishnoi, but he used it for personal purposes, as evidenced by the photographs used. and his presence in the vehicle.
The government has set up two workplaces, one at Guwahati Air Port and one at Guwahati Railway Station to escort the people of the state who have returned to their villages.
The song sung by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya was “Amazing Grace” and was attended by all those who joined hands in the prayer.
On this occasion, the Minister and other dignitaries distributed General Proficiency Awards, Under Graduate and Post Graduate Merit Certificates and awards to the students who received gold and silver medals in the their reading.
Before the start of the march, Bah Skor Jala conducted a prayer for the peace and harmony of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has spent 15% of its budget on education every year. 25th Anniversary of Mawsynram Border Area College
It may be recalled that in July 2018, there was a protest over the incident at this place and this led to a clash which lasted for nearly a day until the government failed to end the protest. .
As the youth who are the future of the country, they should have a goal in their lives and when they have a goal they should work hard to achieve that goal.
Photos and information from Facebook, tweets, Instagram and WhatsApp groups have become sources of news.
The Supreme Court, in its order dated 3rd November, 2017 in Civil Appeal No.5826 of 2011 – Mukund Dewagan Vs.
During the meeting, Union Home Minister Amit Shah congratulated the two states for submitting their reports on the border issue taken by the two state governments. weight.
This was the time when everyone in the country fought for independence,” said Prime Minister Duh, noting that this led to India's independence in
Jowai, Jymmang 18: Police on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer identified as Bah Bringo Lyngdoh, 37, of West Jaintia Hills. It is located in Namdong village.
Therefore, we strongly request the Executive Committee, KHADC to suspend the meeting. We propose that we light the lights to stay overnight and to complete these activities through a special session to wish Merry Christmas to them. Act and Rules of all the 54 Hima/Elaka remaining in the month before 25th December
Through this agreement, Member States, including developed countries, will have to make changes in their legislation to implement the protection of sources of patent diseases.
They want to make it clear to the government that it should not be led by these people who come from abroad in the name of concern because they have no right to explain the domestic affairs of the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary, said that the government department not only looks after the thew ka but also has many measures to protect the people. to consumer rights.
In the men's category, Shainingstar Marwein won the first prize, Mebansainborlang Pathaw won the second prize and Rahjopkordor Lyngdoh won the third prize. In the women's category, Balasiewdor Pathaw won first place, Mebarisha Lyngdoh won second place and Ibashongkun Kurbah won third place.
The HYC wants to say that as the party we don't have the right to mislead the people and at the same time the Ministers or MLAs don't have the right to force what is wrong.
At that time, the government had decided that all the districts bordering Assam should start the work of Rs 10 crore. ski.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The KSU Mawryngkneng Circle has donated relief to a household on 09.5.2023 who suffered a fire on 6.5.2023 at 2.30 pm in Puriang village.
Many countries in the world such as the UK, Sweden and Japan have been able to reduce tobacco consumption due to the policies adopted by the governments of these countries”.
TRAU captain Sunil B saved with his hand to block a shot by Figo Syndai which led to the referee to score. The penalty was awarded and a red card was sent to the player.
At this meeting, he said that the party should prepare itself for the upcoming elections and this was also directed by the president of the party at the party meeting held in Goa. .
Some of the areas in which the BRIC will work will include 14 areas to be explored. This group will help to develop the nation by explaining in detail their knowledge.
In his keynote address he said that the churches should take the initiative to teach the people how to elect leaders because everyone talks about how money will work during elections, so churches have a major role in how to teach and choose leaders.
The main issues to be discussed will be on the incidents of violence by the Assam police from time to time within the borders of Meghalaya as happened in Iongkhuli and Umlaper.
The purpose of this is to get a detailed estimate of how much the people actually benefit from the schemes introduced by the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Union through this statement, expresses its gratitude to the Market Dwellers Association, Traders Association, Local Taxi Association, Government Employees, Rangbah Shnong, Market Owners and Shopkeepers and the public. especially to the Seng Bhalang members who have fully supported this curfew for the sake of the nation.
There are 7 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the country today, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. There are 51 cases of this disease.
Now there are medical doctors as members of the organization, teachers of Science, Commerce and self-employed people who have written books.
Speaking on the announcement of the candidate, the Chairman of the RDA said, “We are still on the way to discuss other issues and the same issue will be discussed. discuss at the next meeting.
The government has not restricted the entry and exit points but what it has done is that it has still set up entry and exit points for people who come to the state and they have to check whether those who come to the state They are strong and have no illness.
Bah Saibon, who is still claiming to be the president of the party, has asked when the new office bearers of the CEC of KHNAM were elected and now the former office bearers of the party have been dismissed. .
m, cn xm.
The dignitaries who attended the ceremony were Bah RV Lyngdoh MLA of the constituency.
On the other hand, the HYC Mawlai Nonglum has reached out to help the people in Mawlai Nonglum and all the households who have received this assistance are 24 households. poor house.
The Government has decided to withhold 50% of the salary of the Chief Minister, Ministers, IAS, IPS and IFS under the All India Service Officers for the purpose of month of October 2020.
Shillong, June 06: The Joint Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body has appealed to the people to support the demand for a Government College in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 14: A house with four shops on Thana Road in Police Bazar has caught fire at 1.30 pm this morning. one of the shops was killed in the incident.
After completion, all the work has gone smoothly and is now almost complete.
: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) which conducted searches on vehicles and two wheelers from 22nd to 28th June, 2024 across the city has collected money from the a fine of T.6,78,00 thousand for the number of people who violate the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
On the other hand, the Working President, Bah Martin Lyngdoh, said that at the meeting held on the 21st of this month, they decided that if one of them gets the MLA ticket, the other will contest the MLA ticket. MDCs, they have agreed to this decision but when it was decided to re-elect Bah Pathaw, it was said that the UDP from Umroi did not agree.
Shillong, July 28: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that if anyone knows that teachers appointed by the government are sending teachers to others to teach, schools inform the government so that the government can do what it needs to do.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday said that although the MPCC has elected Andrew Shullai as the party leader, Speaking to SP News Agency, CEM of JHADC Bah Thombor Shiwat said, “I will not resign as CEM of JHADC. “I will not appear before the MPCC, I will wait for the power struggle in the House when the Governor convenes a special session”.
The question that the SSA teachers want to know is why the state government has made this distinction in the PAB-2016-2017, what they know is that there is no distinction.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Conrad K Sangma, MP from 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, today took oath as MP of the Lok Sabha.
In Shillong, the Assamese people also held a celebration to welcome the New Year in Shillong with a lot of joy in their traditional costumes.
In his view, the situation of Shillong is such that the roads cannot be improved to the extent that the roads cannot be built. such problems, what he wants to ban is to increase the number of government vehicles, do not encourage private vehicles.
The AJYWO also urges the KHADC not to back down through this incident but to move forward to fulfill its duty for the benefit of the country and our small nation.
The meeting discussed how to announce the closure areas, install and provide oxygen tanks, provide more beds in government hospitals, areas where The villages and townships are involved in the fight against covid-1
The General Administration Department has been working hard to get the money to pay the outstanding bill to the Asian Housing Corporation Limited in April this year.
The Chief Minister's silence on the Act against the influx of mynder and foreigners into this small state which is only a shitroh in front of other large ethnic groups in India. it is a sign of pride, no longer responsible for life and death and the benefits of the future.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the purpose of the meeting today was to put in order the kur ki jaid so that it will not become a member and also in the not related to the Scheduled Tribe.
These leaflets explain in detail many of the losses if the railway is allowed to reach these hills without strong laws and authority to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the country. Khasi.
At the same time, the government sends police chiefs from time to time to take part in various seminars to train them in this field to curb these crimes. to the women.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Minister of State for Power today inspected the construction of the Ganol Small Hydro Power Project. Chibagre in West Garo Hills District.
Nongpoh, June 04: Four shops in Umsning have been robbed and suspected robbers have fled the scene. they are what.
The language of communication will achieve the political, economic and educational goals and will ensure the development of the Dimasa people living outside the Autonomous Region. Council.
Myntri Rangbah Duh welcomed the players and their coaches and said he was pleased with the performance of the Indian players in the CWG
Shillong, July 30: The Minister in charge of Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, today said that the government has released funds to all 11 districts to assist those households affected by the floods. The budget for 2019-20 is T.51.80 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Department of Tourism, Martin Luther Christian University in collaboration with the Department of Allied Health Sciences has organized a workshop on “First Aid in Tourism” on the 28th and 29th of this month. January 2019.
He said the government will call for recruitment in the police department and the youth of this area will also get the opportunity.
Shillong, July 04: The residents of Meghalaya have been facing power outages by MeECL since November 2019 until today.
The arrested from Bangmara are Roram, Barnat Nafok, Anderson and Deresh Marak.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The State Youth Wing of the KHNAM today visited the Chief Secretary Y. Tesring on the implementation of the demand for the promotion of cards for the candidates. paid citizens who have passed the State Civil Service Examination as in other states.
“Let us start from now on and aid the ban and those who oppose this will not be removed from the Schedule Tribe because according to the authority of the Supreme Court ruling 2006, the Supreme Court ruling If Khasi girls marry other ethnic groups, they will lose their schedule tribe.
The MHRC today sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to send an inquiry into the incident and to submit a report to the commission within 15 days. The MHRC has revealed to the media that there are six employees of the Transport Department in South Garo Hills District who have not received their salary for more than two years. died and the salary he was still due was 20 months.
East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of students who passed the SSLC examination with 73.87 per cent while South West Garo Hills District has the highest number of students who passed the SSLC examination with 26.73 per cent. Minister of State for Home Affairs Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday morning met with Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit at his residence at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
Chief Justice of India, Dr DY Chandrachud, Union Minister in charge of Law and Justice, Arjun Ram Meghwal, Supreme Court Judges, Justice Sanjiv Khanna and Justice Bhushan Ramkrishna Gavai, Attorney General of India, R Venkataramani, President of the Supreme Court Bar Association, Dr Adish C Aggarwal and Chairman of the Bar Council of India, Manan Kumar Mishra were present at the meeting.
If anyone is involved in the disruption of peace and order, he/she will have to take responsibility,” said the VPP. FoRMLD on Tuesday carried placards in front of the NHIDCL office to protest against the lack of maintenance of the road by the NHIDCL. Dawki which has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists and the residents of the villages of the North East.
After this, the farmers decided to set up units of the HFU in each village so that they can take their issues to the government.
Three persons were injured in the incident and one of them died today.
Secretary, Cyprian Nongshli, Organizing Secretary, Andreas Namsaw, Asst org,Secy, Elphas Shadap, Transport Secretary, Sonlang Suphai and Asst Trans.
BSF troops patrolling the area when they saw that a man driving a boat had overturned in the middle of the river, they immediately rushed with their boats to help the man who had fallen into the river. hang.
Shillong, November 11: The Meghalaya Sustainable Development Council (MSDC) today held a meeting on tourism at Mawsmai village in Sohra.
The meeting of the MDCs was aimed at removing Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem from the post of CEM and he resigned yesterday.
Shillong, Lber 18: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA of the HSPDP from Nongkren today said that the government should find ways and means how to provide health services to the people of Meghalaya. This is for the benefit of the people of the state.
In his speech, MLA Martin urged the people to take good care of these trees as these trees are like agricultural products which the government wants to encourage to cultivate for this area. The entire border is suitable for planting this tree and the people of this area know well the value of this tree.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today inaugurated the Nongstoin High Court. of the District Council.
This is one of the areas most affected by the lockdown for the fight against COVID-19,” he said.
If a person is infected with a virus, the body produces proteins to reduce the severity.
In the afternoon, in the second part of the programme, special training on 'Self Employment Through Skills Training, Get Skills & Get Jobs' was delivered by the team of R.S.E.T.I, Shillong (Punjab National Bank). ) led by Mr. Koukip, Director RSETI, Shillong and also on the topic of 'How to Prepare for Job Exams' by Mrs. Mary.
The approval of the House came after Titosstarwell Chyne, Leader of the Opposition, withdrew the amendment he had introduced on the Bill which was proposed by the Executive Committee.
Shillong, November 30: The Chief Operating Officer of the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSO) Shillong has relocated its office from Montfort Building, Ground Floor, Dhanketi, Shillong. to Groove Site Building, 3Floor, Keating Road, Shillong.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the party is ready to welcome anyone who wants to join the BJP. Regarding the election of a new leader within the party, he said that the party has been working hard to elect a new leader for the party. The state BJP is still waiting for the order of the party.
The Seng also sends a message to all that this Behdiengkhlam celebration will bring blessings from the Lord so that we all will have good health and good income and education. and peace in all aspects of society.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The ban by the state forest department on the transportation of rynga to the mawlien factories in Meghalaya has affected them and many of the factories in Byrnihat have now closed down.
The Central Government has taken many initiatives for the economic and social development of the tribals in the rural areas in the last nine years and has brought economic development to these areas.
On the other hand, the Hima supports the removal of the KHADC from the Syiem.
In Odisha, 22
Shillong, June 09: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) headed by Samuel B Jyrwa as Secretary and Danny Khyriem as Chairman of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has appointed Samuel B Jyrwa as its Chairman. The KSU has found that no one has contested for the post of President, Vice President and General Secretary.
The Church in a statement today from the Bishop's House of Tura said that this act of the insurgents has not only affected the church but has caused price increase in all and instability in the country. the state.
Shillong, March 26: The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to remind the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. you are in Sohra.
The commission said that only the Congress party has registered for the election.
The government should collect the documents and check them thoroughly before demarcating the boundary but it may make a mistake.
The DC also informed that a special directive has been issued to all Government departments and Government offices.
In the essay writing competition, the winners were Sharina Warjri, first place, Dollyrene Warjri from Mawkneng, second place and Ibapynsuk Warjri from Myrkhan.
There are 479 recoveries today, most of them from East Khasi Hills District 221, West Garo Hills 59 and West Jaintia Hills today there are 63450 people.
Shillong, July 16: Special police teams have been working hard for three days to rescue four dead bodies and the mother of the victims has been rescued. and the child whom the police are still looking for.
It should not be forgotten that the KAAC was established only in 1952 but the Khasi Pnar people have been living in Mukroh, Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1 Labang Nongphyllut for hundreds and thousands of years. and the Khasi Pnars in these areas are the indigenous people and the owners of the land.
The Prime Minister said the country's budget for sports has increased by 70 per cent in the last eight years.
The construction of the gas pipelines in Meghalaya has come through Ri Bhoi District from Umden area and the construction of these gas pipelines has reached Nongthymmai village in Ri Bhoi District which is close to East Khasi Hills District. .
Therefore, as one of the leaders of the party, the committee would like to remind you that in the past you have contested the election from the PDM and Congress, but you have not been able to reach the goal. It was only after you joined KHNAM to contest the election that the people gave you victory.
He said that if parents want to improve their skills, they should encourage their children to do well in their studies and to do the jobs that the government has opened up in the area. to approach representatives to find work.
Shillong, March 14: U Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of Umsning today clarified a report published by the SP News Agency by saying, “I don't say Tynmen Basan, I say Nongsharai Balang”.
On this day, they held a protest across the country and in Shillong as well.
“I cannot tell you all the initiatives of the state government because there are many, whether it is beautification, maintenance, security, traffic.
He said the Lokayukta, which conducted the initial inquiry, found shortcomings in the implementation of the project and immediately ordered a thorough inquiry.
On behalf of the Village Authorities we are working together with the District Authorities on the security measures for the Village and we also pray that God the Creator will protect our country and nation so that we will be free from this disease. Diseases.
The party feels that it is the duty of all the leaders of the state, whether they belong to any party, to ensure that the rightful people of the state should be the owners of their own land. so that if any development comes, that development should benefit the indigenous people before the foreigners.
Shillong, Lber 20: Answering a question by Mawlai MLA Embhalang Syiemlieh, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, said that the reason for the delay is that the place to set up the Blcok office.
As part of expressing and encouraging our rulers around the world starting from our own country, a young woman from Sweden, Greta Thunberg last year at the age of 15 years old started The Fridays for Future movement has urged the students of schools, colleges and all those responsible for a sustainable future to avoid the dangers of environmental degradation to come forward and do something before it is too late.
In the presence of government officials from the districts in charge of the food and beverage department.
Discipline Secretary Samla Deijuhi Siangshai of the Seng Kmie, in his speech, gave a parable about the tham, “There are two kinds of tham. The first type of tham is the foreign tham (French) if you put it in a khiew you don't have to wear a tymmoh, and the second type of tham is the Indian tham. phong tymmoh, He said that we as party leaders under the Lama of the JSM should not be like those Indian flags, because the Indian flags are related to each other, which means lorni and bishni, because most of the time it ju It happens that our people don't respect and teach each other but they are angry and hate when they see that others are rising in any job, but the Frenchman says why should they wear tymmoh because they might work hard to defeat someone? for example, because foreign nations don't have that hatred of each other but they give each other the opportunity to raise each other to reach the goal of victory.
The Union urges and invites all the residents of Mawkyrwat and surrounding villages not to pollute this river which is one of the rivers that provides drinking water to the people.
Perastil Sangmana of South Garo Hills District has left his government job to start his own business in the field of sohphan.
On the other hand, in a statement, Bah Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President, AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone, said, “The AJYWO has decided not only to issue Trading Licence, ESL, but also to issue Trading License, ESL. Other laws relating to the restrictions on Non-Tribals who come to trade, work and live in Jaintia Hills, by looking at the laws of JHADC to the Doesn't the law of the State Government work fully?”.
The drug dealer was taken to court today for trial.
During his visit to the border with Bangladesh in parts of Garo Hills, the IG praised the troops who have worked hard to protect the country despite many difficulties they have faced. ask.
On the other hand, the Governor urged that its good deeds should be extended to other places as well.
He also spoke about drugs and urged the students to follow the clear and positive philosophy that came from the life of Vivekananda and to spread this among their friends.
The Minister said the main reason for the implementation of a strong law is because the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) Act 1985 has many shortcomings and cannot be properly controlled. to drug dealers.
The equipment donated included computers, tables, chairs, gym equipment and other sports equipment.
The central theme of this year's celebration of World Tourism Day is the meaning of tourism and the change in the way of information.
Along with the flags on the placards, there were also slogans.
In the current Bill, which has been introduced by the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule, there is a provision that if an MDC is elected as an MLA or MP, he or she must be nominated. He lost his MDCship four days after winning the election.
Shillong, Lber 21: Today, the people of Shillong, especially in Shillong, have obeyed the government's directives to prevent the spread of COVID-1
He said that in relation to the construction of these buildings such as Hospitals, Hotels and others, the Government has relied on the MUDA to give permission to build these buildings. MUDA on the other hand, the government has handed over to the District Councils to do what is not necessary.
He congratulated them for achieving a lost reputation in Meghalaya in the implementation of MGNREGS schemes. Other speakers who attended the meeting were the Rangbah Shnong Kliehriat, ADC Khliehriat, Ma Manbha Kyndoh, Dolloi Narpuh, and other officers of Khliehriat C&RD Block.
The NYLC was inaugurated by Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area.
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Government has appointed Dr Vijay Kumar as the Administrator of the Administrator Rule under the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). .
He said that as of now, the spirit of compassion has decreased as a Jaidbynriew, so he urged other members of the Seng Bhalang to be ready to raise their hands and have a spirit of compassion when the Jaidbynriew. face any problems.
School children and residents from the four villages surrounding the factory attended the meeting to express their opposition to the presence of the factory in the area which has affected the health. of the people is alleged.
In his speech, AK Jain, DDG (Compliance) explained the need for mobile towers and the role of telecommunications to ensure full connectivity.
Meiramew is the earth and Basa is the stone that has turned into the earth over tens of thousands of years.
Dr Mukul said that such insults against other ethnic groups have happened from time to time, but this incident with this Khasi girl who has become a mother is more. The Scheduled Tribe Prevention of Atrocities Act 1989 and the right to freedom of expression under the Constitution of the Republic of India should be punished so that such incidents will not happen again.
The backwardness in all aspects is due to the fact that we don't have adequate roads like others.
Bah Alderbert Nongrum in his speech said that to fight against such problems has a great role to play. good at conducting investigations when there are any incidents.
Police on the 14th of this month found the body of the mother near Ryndangbriew and at this time they did not know her name. After investigation, they were able to take the man away and now they have arrested him.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that Bah Elvis had recently fled Bangladesh and today he surrendered himself before the law.
At present, the government does not have the money to pay the bills of the contractors, many temporary employees have been dismissed from various government departments and teachers have not received their salaries on time. However, the government has not allowed the purchase of sugarcane to distribute to the people at a reasonable price.
According to the census, there are 121 vacancies for LDA, 90 for typists, 29 for Stenographer Grade one, 13 for Grade three and other vacancies. There are 328 leftovers.
The students demanded that the government should reduce the hours of light switching, as the students are preparing for various examinations.
The program was concluded with a vote of thanks by Kong B.Hek, CDPO, Laitkroh Khatarshnong ICDS Project. days after the program.
In 2012, “we held a protest against the issuance of the Special Counter by the Election Department and such results came from the same person who is a threat to the peace and order of the villagers in the country. state and this same person is the stumbling block to destroy and increase the number of foreigners in this state.
We have not received the end of the year report which should have included the report of the Executive Dorbar of Mylliem Hima, and also the report of the Kur Spong of Mylliem Hima, perhaps because of the arrival of a new Acting Syiem. .
The Vision Document highlights the benefits of digital technologies to transform the lives of the people of the North East and promote a better way of life.
Mawryngkneng Block consists of 64 villages and 3 constituencies , Mawryngkneng , Mawkynrew and Nongkrem Constituencies The Civil Sub Division shall be able to provide full services to the people of the area.
He was also the first Khasi to publish a monthly newspaper in Garo language called 'Kosi Songbad' which will be launched in
This was announced by the Head of the Association, Father Alessandro Ratti in an interview with the media.
On the closing day, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Mario Biam, gave a brief report on the party.
For this purpose, the observation of gender-unbiased data is crucial, as observing this will be necessary for the monitoring of activities and the movement towards equity between men and women.
The incident occurred due to the fact that the electricity authority has failed to supply electricity for three days.
He said that when the party leaders went to Garo Hills to campaign for the elections, they reminded the people that it is the party that moved for the state and when they went to preach, the people came to listen to what they said. UDP leaders are crying.
The family members who have met together have decided to continue to discuss how to release the arrested without any restrictions.
He also said that the Congress will strengthen itself from the small departments, in the states as well as in the country.
The union urges the East Jaintia Hills Police to investigate and arrest those robbers involved in the robbery and robbery of this young woman on NH-44 and to prosecute them according to strict rules. " said Mr. Dkhar.
Lok Sabha MP Tarun Vijay, who was also present at the ceremony, said that there is nothing greater than what they used to be. ai, this is a stepping back from what has been inherited in this sacred place and to do this we have to prove ourselves worthy and should be respected.
In another incident, police of East Khasi Hills District have arrested a drug dealer and seized drugs worth Rs 3 lakh from his body. Police have registered a case against him. person.
This has clearly shown that these nurses are being treated unfairly by the government, and the government should do something about it.
This is the intention of the Government, although it claims that it is to facilitate the transportation and movement of the people.
He stressed on the state's commitment to the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which is being held across the country.
The manner of speech was very harsh and unpleasant.
He said that within the sixth session, they are still bringing in the Land Bill and they have already met the Standing Committee this month and the District should be forced to expedite it immediately. They have been registered on the border with Assam.
One person was injured in the blast and was taken to Woodland Hospital for treatment.
There are nations that have their own homeland but are under the rule of other countries.
Patel today inaugurated the summit at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong with the aim of promoting cooperation for the development of plant products.
The purpose of this helpline is to raise awareness and understanding of the provisions of the Act which aim to eliminate racial discrimination and provide protection to all.
The government has allocated Rs 10 crore for the construction of hostels for the villagers and a school equal to Pine Mount School has been allocated at Wahjajer West. for this purpose it shall be up to 15 klut tyngka.
The CEM of KHADC said that with the approval of the Governor, the Land Bill 2021 has now become a law.
The Special Court NDPS Act, Patiala House Court, New Delhi concluded the case by ruling that there was insufficient evidence to prove Lalremsanga's offence.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he hopes to rescue them from the crematorium. He said that he prays for them to rescue the 13 people. the coal miners.
According to the wish of the State Government, the last session of the current Legislative Assembly will be held in this new Legislative Assembly and it is expected that the next session will be held in this Legislative Assembly. the meeting is not new.
There are 291 confirmed cases, 42 in hospitals, 37 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills. .
The Seng reiterates that the employment system in the state should be clean so that the state as a whole can develop.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Tuesday sent seven more youths who have survived to drug addiction for treatment at the Alive Again Foundation, a rehabilitation center in Assam.
Present Support – General Secy.
He said that according to the Principal Act 1954, the EC has the power to appoint and remove the chiefs.
The recruitment will be held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Shillong from the 20th to the 28th of this month.
In his speech, MLA Saleng A Sangma stressed that the party has a goal to work for the development of the state in many areas.
These bikes will travel through Guwahati, Dhubri, Siliguri, Balurghat, Berhampore, Kolkata, Dhanbad, Aurangabad, Prayagraj, Kanpur, Agra in Assam, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh to reach Delhi.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: A storm has struck Saphai and Iawthymmai villages at around 10 am on Tuesday morning. Many houses have been destroyed by the storm. a sad event.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its President Roykupar Synrem has met with the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to seek information on the withdrawal of the Bill. MRSSA 2020.
He has trained himself in many fields of sports, such as boxing, football, jngi and shooting.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong today held a workshop on how to teach young people to be able to stand on their own feet and not to rely on others. .
Recently, a meeting was held between Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC and Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, Shillong. relating to the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the Village Administration Bill and others which will be brought up in the upcoming KHADC Session.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by Samla John Kyrshan Hashah, President of KSU Mawkynroh Umshing Unit. General Secretary of KSU Mawkynroh Umshing Unit.
Air Marshal RK Sharma, AVSM VM, has won the longest title in golf among seniors with 362 rounds.
The union said that it will continue to arrest more and urge the police to arrest them and not release them.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has said that in the past three days, a strong earthquake has struck Sohpdok and other villages. Nonglum on the 8th of this month, today Sngi Hatmajai has donated four bags of household items and shiphew byrni of rice to the refugees of Nonglum Village under Umroi Constituency.
During the meeting, it was understood that there is a shortage of staff, human resources, Xray machines and Ultrasound machines.
At present, the farmers have decided to inform the MDA Government led by Conrad K. Sangma as the Prime Minister that the farmers have decided to suspend the harvest in these days. , tympew and other agricultural products will be marketed at reasonable prices so that the farmers can benefit more from agriculture in War Jaintia.
New Delhi, March 19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the main section of the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut RRTS Corridor at Sahibabad RapidX Station, Uttar Pradesh on March 20, 2023 at 11:15 am.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Bah Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday distributed traditional ksing to the villages of Jowai including Panaliar, Dulong, Loompyrdi, Loomkyrwiang, Chilliangraij, Umshangiar, Tepep Pale and Loomiongkjam. , Iaw music.
Donald Phillips Wahlang passed the UPSC as an IAS in 1993 and since then he has held many government departments at various levels and has now been appointed as Chief. Secretary of State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Union Minister of State for Finance while speaking at a meeting with NEC officials in the presence of state government officials Meghalaya and others said the NEC should look into how to promote sports, build roads and power generation.
In fact, the Hima still wants to ask for assistance from the government but last year when the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, came to take part in this ceremony, he promised to allocate funds for the construction of the seat. The government has allocated T.3.86 crore for the first phase.
The HYC also demanded that the government should not hand over the coal industry to the Meghalaya Minerals Development Corporation, the government should implement the ILP in the state as demanded by the HYC. Nongstoin College should be named after Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
The Indian Army has such training centers in Belgaum, Varangte and Bakloh, but the The Umroi Army Base is the first to be under the jurisdiction of the Eastern Command.
After inspecting these two sites, the leaders of the Regional Committees held a meeting with the leaders of the Karbi community and leaders of the Karbi Students Association, Socheng Amreng Border Development Committee. , Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and others.
In order to achieve these opportunities, we have to change the way we think about the economy of the country.
Speaking to SP News Agency, JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said that the party accepts the government's request and will wait for what the government says. They want the government to appoint teachers to the government and not to the schools.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, told SP News Agency that she has sent an inquiry to the BDO of Bhoirymbong Block. ap the report.
The Gambegre MLA said that the people of the state have a special attachment to the land and if any development works come that they feel will affect the land, they will There is a fear that the NCP will send a letter to Dr Mukul Sangma to call for a talk to avoid any controversy. Shillong, July 16: An injured youth was found lying on the ground behind the Woodland Hospital Shillong, Dhankheti on Friday morning.
In several announcements, Nirmala Sitharaman said the Government will look into the transformation of the North East and the people of this region as the driving force of India's economic development, the PM Awas Yojana (Grameen) We are close to reaching the target of three crore houses and more houses will be taken up.
On this basis, the union has demanded from the authorities to immediately remove this person from EPIC and Aadhaar registration and the union has lodged a complaint according to the rules laid down by the authorities.
In this recommendation, the HYC said that the women's organizations, youth organizations in the villages should be recognized by law and should be clearly explained what their role should be within the the villages and towns where they live.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The KSU Tyrsad Circle has launched a unit at Kyrphei village in the presence of Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU Tyrsad Circle and others. This unit falls under the jurisdiction of the Tyrsad Circle.
Sohan sent the video to the media through Savio Marak.
