However, the government will understand after the 5th of this month.
The Seng also sends a statement to all the people of Hynniewtrep that we should be the leaders at this time because the infiltration of foreigners has increased and the Seng also requests the JHADC not to It is no longer necessary to issue permits to foreigners without proper reason.
On the women's side, in Jirang, the winner went to Konita Wahlang, Wahsynon and in Umling, the winner went to Senabi Syngkli, Lumdieng.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) has now reached the fourth position in its performance due to the stinginess of the state government in the past years.
Now this is more than Rs 78 crore.
Dr. Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih, was born in Sohra and is a prominent writer of poetry, prose and drama in Khasi and English.
This is an illegal activity of foreign meat smugglers.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla Dapmain Suchiang.
Bah Lyngdoh urged that measures should be taken to prevent this increase in population as it affects the health of the family. He advised the people to seek advice from doctors on how to reduce the number of children.
Shillong, March 30: The BSF today distributed water pipes to the people on the border with Bangladesh in South Garo Hills District.
The Ministry of Education and Literacy of the Union Government every year holds this award ceremony on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The teachers who were awarded this year are 50 teachers teaching under class 40, 13 teachers teaching in class and 12 teachers in training centers for special training in various fields.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner in charge of Food Safety, SN Sangma, admitted that it is true that these food items have arrived in Shillong. The food items are from nearby countries and the office is currently investigating whether they have been imported or smuggled.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the Lariti Department of the State Government and all those who have taken part in the making of the state anthem.
The Prime Minister said that in the vaccine for all-free all campaign of the Central Government, the North East is also important and we need to accelerate the vaccination process.
The reason why many of the Rangbah Shnongs are contractors is that the people don't want to talk about it.
The seized drugs were packaged and confiscated in the presence of witnesses.
“A small contribution is like a small contribution,” said Rangbah Blah.
“If the RSS can be a Hindu extremist group and others can be a Hindu extremist group, we will listen,” said the Vice Chairman of the Students' Wing of HITO. you are not a Christian extremist group.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) condemns the sudden increase in the price of electricity by MeCL by two or three percent from the monthly bill.
Kong Agens Kharshiing said that such incidents cannot be accepted as people with disabilities have been attacked. that members.
The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District understands that the gate which has started to be constructed in parts of Umling village which is also the property of the state government is only temporary but it will help to prevent the blockade. the arrival of the authorities in the state.
In her complaint to the police, she did not name anyone but said that people came into the office.
Most of the deaths were caused by speeding and improper driving and most of them were children.
The government has spent T.15.87 lakh to fight against the death toll in the state.
AMPSA urges all parents who intend to send their children to this school or other schools, to give their full support to AMPSA for the opportunity to participate in the school. to bring about a complete change in the field of education in the State and also not to allow any attempt to take advantage of anyone especially in the field of education so that whether the poor or the rich do the same. to provide adequate education within the State.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today conducted a COVID-19 test for the residents of Umden PHC.
He said that religion is not permanent, now a person can belong to one religion and convert to another religion and if this bill becomes law it will be a disease for the nation.
All four Congress MLAs have expressed their support for the MDA government. Four of them have come to meet with one of them but he could not come because there are others. However, four Congress MLAs have decided to join the MDA government from today.
Many protests have been witnessed by the trainees led by the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) last year and this year over the NIOS's failure in the results of the 1st batch. (2013) 2 year D.El.
When inquired, the owner of Sharma Enterprise said that he had bought 45 tins of Stand Jeep fuel but he did not take the cash memo. tin.
If you are in a forest area, hide short or tall trees.
The President of the Seng Samla, said that after the company started opening the shop on the 1st of this month, the SSMN after an emergency meeting of the EC held on the 2nd This month, she has sent a letter to the Rangbah Shnong to clarify who issued the NOC and the terms and conditions of the NOC and also the MoU signed with the number of employees in the shop.
On the other hand, Bah Reniton, while taking part in the speech, stressed on the issue of employment, saying that the government alone cannot provide jobs, but the time has come. It is up to the government to do something for the banks to provide loans to the youth who have set up their own businesses to become employers.
A short speech was delivered by Samla Morgan, GS, HYC Mawsynram who expressed his condolences on the incident and said that if these enemies are found, they should not be killed immediately but as citizens. all shall be eaten a little until the flesh is taken away from their bodies, and only the bones remain.
The state is now on the path of progress and this we have witnessed through the successful proposal of the four ethnic parties who have put aside their prejudices to listen to the voice of the majority to there is only one candidate.
The ASHAs have demanded that the government should increase their salary by T.9000 per month to suit their work and the present era.
The President said that they had asked for permission to hold a protest in Shillong and Tura on Saturday but they did not receive permission. party office.
“Thank God that if he has kept these families separate, there has been no tragic incident or injury to any of the members of these families,” said Samla Rapborlang. Nongrum is your speech.
From 1854, the Cossayah Hills Political Agency was abolished and the Cossayah Hills District was created. political officer.
Explaining about the film, he said that it depicts the lifestyle of the youth of today who are involved in drug abuse and how this drug abuse affects the society, the family and especially the you are the ones who drink this water.
SP News Agency has been following up on the Bangladeshis' attempt to throw stones at Indians who visit the area. There was no BSF at that time when there were many Bangladeshis and they were willing to throw stones.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The leader of the Indian Awakening Movement, Bah Banshai Marbaniang of Meghalaya, on Tuesday appealed to all the people who have their own responsibility in their lives to come and participate. Take part in the protest by rallying at Motphran on Saturday.
HYC Riwar East Circle.
The prizes of various competitions were awarded by the Seng Khasi officials to the winners in groups and individually.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) Meghalaya State Unit has expressed its surprise after receiving an RTI request from MUDA to see that so far only four buses have been damaged. 19 out of 256 houses were purchased under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme funded by the Central Government.
To fight against this crime in the community, all the residents are directed that if any of their family members are missing, they should immediately inform the police. hi on the moon three days.
The 6th Installation Ceremony of Rotary Club Shillong Heritage held on July 29, 2024 at City Hut Dhaba confirmed Vikash Chokhani as President, Anupam Choudhury as Secretary and Prashant Goenka as Treasurer. for the term of office 2024-2
He said that in life there will be no easy job that cannot reach the goal, so we have to work hard hard work only for 100% is not enough but we You have to work harder than 150% to achieve victory.
The Pathology Department also has sub-departments including Histopathology, Cytopathology, Hermatopathology and Clinical Pathology with 24 hour services along with specialized departments such as Renal Pathology, Neuropathology, Gastro Intestinal Pathology, Immunopathology, Oncopathology and Dermatopathology.
Shillong, July 15: The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress (MPMC) today at 12.00 noon will hold a public rally outside the Congress Bhavan to protest against the NDA government's plan to accept the to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016.
“When India moves forward, the world moves forward," he said.
Therefore, the Seng would like to express here only one thing that if the Government itself really wants to improve education in our state or in the country as a whole, it should not treat teachers badly. also the treatment of school children.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday urged the two MLAs of East Jaintia Hills District to speak on the deterioration of the National Highway-6 in the Synrai Dorbar. starting today.
Holando Lamin MDC and Isawanda Laloo IAS SDO Civil Amlarem were the chief guests. HR Lanong President SSMC, HB Lanong Secretary SSMC, Lamare Chief Instructor and Ng Khonglah Founder were the chief guests. Member SSMC, school children and residents of this village.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 101 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 30 from East Khasi Hills and 25 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of confirmed cases has risen to
" Concluded the statement by Bah J. Reachingson Siangshai.
They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The Commission has informed that it will meet with the victim and monitor the incident in order to take the necessary action according to the provisions of the law.
The Chief Guest of the program was the Leader of the Seng Kmie, Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem who is also the Resident of Shella.
These decisions were taken to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
Regarding the promise of the Chief Minister, Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai said in the House that he is ready to give the decision of the High Court in this regard. for detailed information to the state government.
Strengthen oil exploration activities by becoming more involved in related activities.
The arrested are the girlfriend of Jimmy area commander and another who did not want to be named.
On this occasion, the ADC of Nongstoin promised that the district authorities will take the necessary action.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Members expressed their concern about the problems faced by the people in the Hima/Elaka because on the other hand, both these two AINs were passed by the MLA and MDC Chiefs in the and to date both the State Government and the District Council Government have not sent copies of these two Acts to the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Dolloi or Nokma.
Police have recovered 26 boxes of soap, two mobile phones and T.2100/- from the suspect at the BMS Fuel Station. The complaint was registered at Khliehriat Police Station.
There are 20 villages under the jurisdiction of the Barato Police Out Post including Barato, Mukroh, Saba, Maitdien, Jongkynshur, Iongkwang, Thangrain, Khliehsniriang, Shiliangmyntang, Thadsning, Thad Ialong and Musiaw. , Samatan, Moobandu, Latymphu, Thadbamon, Umsalang, Lummuriap, Sowkhlieh and Bhain.
Jowai, March 11: With the cooperation of the residents of Jowai, with the understanding of how to prevent the pollution of the Myntdu River, where the city of Jowai receives its drinking water from this river.
The counting of votes by the MLAs for the election of the President of India will be held on the 18th of this month in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. to elect a new President.
The road has been left without maintenance for many years and this has put the passengers in trouble.
On the other hand, the Vice President of India, said that India and Nepal have many cultural and trade relations. is “We are with you for you” to achieve the goal of peace.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today strongly condemned the statement by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Karbi Anlong District Council that the Khasi residents of Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District who came into the city illegally.
He said that the central government should demand the repeal of the CAA. Others who took part in the meeting were Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Kimfa Marbaniang, Zenith M Sangma from the CAA. Adelbert Nongrum and Sanbor Shullai from the ruling party.
The party has from time to time expressed its concern on this issue.
: The President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait, on Tuesday said that he has decided not to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
"He said the power sector in India has gone through reforms aimed at providing orderly, flexible and consistent power supply to the people of the country.
“Now the CEOs of the world's biggest companies are Indians.
Answering questions, she said the reason why she stood for the CEM election is that she does not see that there is such unity in the new party because the election has not yet passed. Grace said that she has decided to contest the CEM election in KHADC. Grace said that she has only 6 months left to reach the CEM election. The MDC election is short, but if she becomes CEM, she will resolve the issues within the KHADC. She urged her fellow MDCs to support her tomorrow in the CEM election. Shillong, Naitung 12: The Chairman of the KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, has resigned from the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Secretary of the Legislative Assembly has been contacted to confirm this news.
Jowai, June 21: The Meghalaya State Planning Board, under the leadership of Salseng C Marak, MLA, Chairman, MSPB, in the presence of Prof RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister and Chairman, DPDC, West Jaintia Hills Hills District, Mr. Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Mr. Lakmen Rymbui, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Mr. Fersen Momin, Co-Chairman, Dr Manash Das Gupta, Deputy Chairman, Dr Eureka Lyngdoh, Deputy Chairman, Grithalson Areng, Chairman, Shri.R.R.Rapthap, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Shri.D Wahlang, MCS, Addl The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner, PWD, PHE, Agriculture and Horticulture Departments. , Education, Forest, Soil Conservation, Health, Urban Affairs, Sports, Home (Police), JHADC, Disaster Management, Border, Sericulture, Tourism, C&RD-DRDA, Power (MePDCL), and others, on the budget and implementation of this allocation to various departments of the State Government.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, conducted the election of the new CEM according to the announcement that today is the day for the election of the new CEM of KHADC. The EC of Teinwell Dkhar has been rejected by the no confidence motion brought by Lamphrang Blah of the Congress.
Shillong, March 13: In an attempt to inform the public about what the office of the Governor of Meghalaya is doing for the welfare of the people of Meghalaya, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today. The Raj Bhavan Mirror, a quarterly newspaper, was launched.
Ribhoi, Jymmang 12 : A man has lost his life after being shot dead by his enemies on the road to Erpakon village in Ri-Bhoi District.
The Association has urged all schools and teachers to complete the registration process to the Office of the SDSEOs. this coming week so that planning can be done more quickly.
These words were spoken by the Chief Minister of Assam, Traun Gogoi.
The keynote speaker was Srividya DN, Scientist, Gangagen Biotechnologies Private Limited, Bangalore.
The meeting was convened by the KHADC together with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) to discuss the Green Economy Meghalaya Project which aims to preserve the forests by providing assistance to the farmers. plant trees, including latyrpat trees, sohmarit trees, kwai trees and others.
Bah Banteidor visited several strawberry farms in the area and talked to the farmers who expressed their gratitude to the Minister for guiding the farmers in many ways. .
The NPP will be the only party that the NPP supports, whether it is the UDP or the Congress.
Therefore, to ensure the cleanliness of the Umïam Pond and its surroundings, the Deputy Commissioner has strictly prohibited under Section 144 CrPC to discharge garbage, or to discharge sewage water into Umïam Pond from all places under the jurisdiction of It is located in the border of East Khasi Hills District.
Police have recovered four mobile phones and a Maruti Swift Dzire used by the three robbers.
Iaisanbha Khyllep, a medical student, said that the state government should have known before sending students abroad but the government has sent them without. knowledge affects those who attend.
On this occasion, although the leaders of the Seng did not have the opportunity to meet with the Dr. In charge of the PHC, Dr. PP Lyngdoh, he had to attend a meeting. Training is not organized by the Health Dept.
The people want change in 2018 because the people have seen the work of the Congress party, as the NPP wants to have an alliance for the upcoming elections to form the party. If the government in the state cannot hold the election before, it will hold it after the election.
Speaking on the new scheme, the PradhanMantri Vishwakarma Yojana (PMVY), launched by Prime Minister Duh on 17th November, the Minister said the Government's goal is to improve the lives of the poor. designers and manufacturers and provide them with technology that will strengthen them to participate in today's markets.
Meghalaya Police on arrival at Mawlasnai arrested him and said that he was not allowed to go to Sabuda. The attempt to arrest him came from PHC Bhoirymbong and said that he was not allowed to go to Sabuda.
MLA of this area, Marcuise N Marak, who was also present on the occasion, congratulated the staff of the health department who have dedicated themselves to work to treat the sick and He said that he is ready to support the office to provide food items. On this occasion, he thanked Nikshay Mitra for donating 50 beds to the hospital.
When it comes to the Inner Line Permit and the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, there is a difference.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there is an agreement between the Khasi Syiems and the Central Government on the Instrument of Annexation and the Standstill Agreement in 1947.
Shillong, July 04: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah LG Nongsiej, today launched the Almanac or Calendar of the Council at a meeting held at his office today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Seng Khasi Kmie today celebrated the 124th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem 2023 and the government has declared a public holiday across the state to celebrate the Seng Kut Snem
After this, he also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions held at the festival.
The minister said that whatever comes out of the CBI's investigation is only to defame her and defame her.
Up to 200 jobs are available for English speakers in Slovakia, which borders Poland in Europe.
He said that according to the 2019 order, there have been many rules that have been introduced for the sake of peace and order in preventing foreigners from entering Majai but the order issued in In 2020, the rules from 3 to 11 have been repealed.
Baldingstar Warjri of the HSPDP has won with 11492 votes, defeating the UDP candidate of Jambor War with 9296 votes. INC received 2654 votes, KHNAM received 121 votes and BJP received 617 votes.
In another incident, four contractors from Assam who had gone to work in Jaiaw late at night when they boarded a vehicle to leave for Umpohliew Bridge, their vehicle was stopped by the people who stopped the taxi. villages and allowed them including the driver.
The delegation will also visit the CSIR, Bhubaneswar which conducts research and technology related programs in various fields to solve problems in the country. research in mining, minerals and metal-related industries to ensure their sustainable economic development.
The Assam Police have angered the residents of Meghalaya and the Assam Police have even arrested the MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar.
He said that they are in this border area and we have to live together with other ethnic groups, but we must set a good example for the community in our society.
On the other hand, Minister Kharlukhi, Minister Sohtun and Minister Langstieh urged all the market dwellers to respect the government's order to avoid the closure again, make the market a place of business and not a house. to do whatever you want.
If the KHADC authorities cannot convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem, it is as if the land has been handed over to foreign authorities.
The fire broke out at the temple and the wire lights in the temple were severely affected. If it happens in the morning, the damage will be severe. good.
This incident will affect the employment opportunities of the youth of the state which they cannot accept. The Ministry of Agriculture has clarified what is the “General Category” and what is the Open Category.
Shillong, Nailur 26: U Shembhalang L Chyne today announced that he will contest the mid-term MLA elections from the 26-Shella constituency as an independent candidate. months to come.
Now it is the law of violence, and not the law of the country.
This training is not understood because Meghalaya is on the path of Jumai.
Of these, 25 have passed the N4 and N5 examination for the first time and have received the offer of employment.
Therefore, on behalf of the Seng Kur Ka Mei-Sin and her children, we would appreciate it if you would please extend the time, as we have set it with the thought that we need a free time to gather and gather together. bin-pa-bin on this part, as mentioned above.
On the 22nd of this month, the Seng has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS demanding the immediate cancellation of the post of Nursing Officer through NORCET which affects the students of the state. The Seng also demanded that the recruitment examination within NEIGRHIMS should not be handed over to foreign agencies and that the recruitment examination should be conducted within the State and not outside the State.
Members of MEPA are Shillong Times Editor Thomas Tomlin, Joint Editor of Meghalaya Times Deepak Singh, Peitngor Editor, SS Syiem, Garo Daily Editor Da Alani Kobor, Digros D Shira, editor of SP News Agency, Starfing Pdah Kasiej and Editor of Vernacular weekly Kyrsiew, Anthony N Nongbri.
On this occasion, there were also performances by the children and youth who are skilled in traditional and modern dance. They are spread all over the Khasi Hills.
Gogoi has been charged under section 306 IPC and under section 120 (B) IPC. on the 24th of last month.
Also present at the memorial service were Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA 6-Khliehriat Assembly Constituency, Bah MS Lhuid, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, and others. In a small meeting, chaired by MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body, Justine Dkhar, MLA, said, “ He was proud to have the opportunity to participate with AJYWO on such a great day in the history of Jaintia Hills. Jaintia Hills, he gave his life for the Independence and Rights of the Country and the Nation, likewise, we and our heritage, we must follow in his footsteps by we should not be afraid to stand up for the right and speak for the right of the nation”.
These experts came to investigate how to market them to increase income by planting Jathynrait for the benefit of the farmers by creating jobs in the care of people and this was done under the supervision of Jathynrait. Prof. Pulok K.Mukherjee, Director of IBSD. The IBSD is running this scheme to promote traditional medicine with herbal medicines. of farmers to get quality seed.
““We also urge the District Authorities to be vigilant on the registration of Aadhaar and also to keep a record of all the necessary documents of those who have already registered Aadhaar, so that to ask again at any time,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, July 08: The BSF has invited Hindi film actor Raju Srivastav to attend the New Year celebrations in join them in this joy.
There are 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills District and 4 cases in East Khasi Hills. and in the West Jaintia Hills.
In the field of Khasi States, many laws have been passed by Parliament from time to time, such as the Indian Registration Act 1908, the Land Acquisition Act 1973 and 1976; and others.
“If anyone has witnesses and if anyone comes and tells the media that I have taken the money, I will write to the government and ask for a CBI investigation. Let's go to Along, you can go to the villages, if they say that if this work is not done by the maki, or by the people of Dr Kharlukhi, and I will resign today as MP, “The MP said that he will not take action against the attempts of anyone to insult him.
In a statement sent today, the KSU expressed its shock over the allegation and suspicion by the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District against the members of the KSU who have recently been released on bail.
Shillong, November 07: Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla has summoned the leaders of civil society, MPs, MLAs and others. MDC to discuss this issue on 9/12/2019 at Mission Compound Shillong.
For more information, those interested in participating should ask the management of the organization.
The members of the Seng strongly criticized these employees and the Manager involved and warned the owner of the pump to improve the meter and measurement and to dismiss all the employees. The Seng will close down the pump in these days.
From other sources, it is understood that after the visit of the Election Commission to Delhi, it is expected that the polling day for the Assembly elections will be announced in Meghalaya.
Application forms can be obtained from the Office of the Seng and the deadline for submission of Application Forms is on or before.
or the place where the doors of this Office are opened.
There are more than 2000 self help groups in the state, and each group can have 10 or 13 people. The M.R.D.S should be maintained and implemented as it is and should not be abolished because through this it brings about change in the villages, cleanliness, roads and streets especially in the rural areas. changes in all aspects have brought about social cohesion in the villages.
In his opening remarks , Lt Gen AS Bedi YSM , VSM , General Officer Commanding Gajraj Corps , said that India and Bangladesh understand the changes and dangers of the Gajraj Corps The two countries will work together to fight terrorism.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: After more than 30 years of border dispute, Umphyrnai and Lamlyer Nongkrem villages on 19th June, 2022 have resolved the issue by agreement. mawpud in places where there is no light.
Arphul Kharbani, President of West Khasi Hills, is still in police custody.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Meghalaya Police today arrested nine illegal firearms traffickers from Chibragre in West Garo Hills District.
Furthermore, the party questions Bah Diostar Jyndiang why he doesn't follow in the footsteps of Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who stands firmly on a firm foundation not to allow him to be killed. u marpoh until his last days by expressing his opposition to the proposed mining of uranium through the 2 lane road.
The union hopes that the assistance through this donation will be fruitful and helpful to the students of this school.
The swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India and the Cabinet were attended by heads of state from other countries of the world.
“The council has already sent a team of inquiry and I have not yet received the report and I cannot refuse to go out to the public because through this problem there are dozens of villages but the residents Tens of thousands of villagers have been affected by the immoral behavior of this company,” said Bah James Sylliang.
He asked under which law the right of the people to walk and stand has been restricted, whether it is by implementing the rules under the Pandemic Act
The three issues that the MLA of 17-North Shillong has sent to the Chief Minister to answer within three days are to review the employment policy in the state. but to look into going to higher education.
300 points will be installed in Shillong and 78 points in Tura.
A warehouse of a family in Sngithiang village, Lower Mawprem has burnt down after a blazing fire destroyed the entire house.
The rules are equal to the rules and regulations issued by the Government and other authorities. This rule will apply to all those places which have been recognized as places where there are COVID-19 cases in the District.
The employees of the sign house should be treated as government employees. All employees of the central government in Meghalaya have been directed to comply with this directive of the union.
The house belonged to Badapbiang Mylliem Umlong.
Answering a question on the demarcation issue, CLP leader Ampareen said that the demarcation should be in accordance with Para 20 of the Sixth Schedule. Reorganization Act 1971.
The father of the deceased mother arrived in Shillong today and alleged that it was her husband who committed the murder.
Total 14 members of the KSU have been released on bail and 17 remain, said Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU.
If we allow the damage, it will one day turn around and bring threat to life,” he said.
In the first phase, the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have already discussed the seven border disputes, including Hahim, Gizang, Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilingkata and Ratacherra.
Application forms can be collected from the office of the Organization located on the first floor of the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA at New Kench's Trace, Shillong from 7.00 am to 11.00 am. The deadline for receipt of application forms is on or before 5th August
Due to the collapse of this tree, there was a traffic jam on the road for a while but after the cleaning of the tree, the traffic jam was resolved.
Game & Sports Secretary – Silvester syrpuh  Publicity Secretary – U Tricky Mukhim Arts & Cultural Secretary – U Chebha Passah Asstt.
New Delhi, June 12: The Sree Chitra Tirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology (SCTIMST), an institution under the jurisdiction of the Department of Science and Technology, has been approved to proceed with the treatment of patients. who have been infected with COVID-1
Members of the House who took part in the discussion on the motion and the MDC who brought the motion were Bah Karnes Sohshang, Lamphrang Blah, Gabriel Wahlang, Banjop Pyngrope, PN Syiem and Lambor. Malngiang, Bindo M Lanong and Mr. Titosstarwell Chyne.
Shillong, March 02: The Meghalaya Gymnastics Association (MGA) has renewed its office bearers with the aim of preparing Meghalaya for the National Games Lambor Malngiang was elected as the president of the party.
Shillong, June 23: The Information and Broadcasting Department of the Union Government today warned TV channels broadcasting news to refrain from unfounded allegations and the use of inappropriate headlines.
EJHD is one of the districts with the highest number of drug traffickers as announced by the State Government through the Social Welfare Department of the State Government.
The first thing we need to focus on is the basic needs like schools, roads, electricity, water supply, health facilities, sanitation and others,” said Prof.Kma.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issues arising from the issuance of Scheduled Tribe Certificate, Clan Certificate and Tribe. certificate.
Regarding the bomb blast in Laitumkhrah, the General Secretary and spokesperson of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, admitted that the HNLC was responsible for the blast.
We should also look carefully at those areas that can become hotspots.
The march ended at Thynroid Village Square at noon and before the public meeting, the residents of the village were entertained by a football match by the youths of the village. The teams that reached the final include Dong Pdeng Shnong and Club Nongspung where Dong Pdeng Shnong became the last team by defeating Club Nongspung has won the tie breaker.
At present, the Legislative Assembly has released only T.3535 crore while the Planning Commission has decided to allocate up to T.3939 crore.
On the other hand, UDP State Youth Wing President Embhah Syiemlieh said, “We understand the UDP party after working with the MDA government. .
Shillong, July 03: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
According to the Government's decision on the recommendations of the Seventh CPC, the limit of pension and death benefit will be increased by 25% from T.20 lakh to T.25 lakh. 50% of the dearness allowance.
This is the third time that Rupang.com has distributed awards to the drivers of the area.
Shadap said that after receiving this message he tried to call him back but he didn't answer the phone and when I called him with other numbers he accepted and I asked him. You are the one who introduced himself as Lucas Rymbai from Ladrymbai but he is in Delhi for his studies.
He said that the employment of foreigners is in the technical field which the locals have not been able to work especially with the arrival of new vehicles.
When they are old, they will be old.
This has affected the economic growth of the state and this has also affected the North East as a whole.
Shillong, March 25: The family members of Bah Lahdor Khongngai of Wahlong village under Sohra have taken him to the Civil Hospital on Tuesday night for serious injuries. for thou shalt be tied with a tyrmen.
Shillong, July 08: The BJP today held a public meeting at Mahendraganj to explain to the public the schemes implemented by the BJP government for the poor in the country in the last five years. under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 621 and the death toll has risen to
There are 29 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
Anshuman Kamila, DBT Mission, Government of India explained the benefits of the implementation of Aadhaar in delivering schemes to the beneficiaries through the Direct Benefit Transfer which has improved the system. provision of schemes to the public in accordance with the Aadhaar Act.
The government has now used the proceeds from this to bring about the manufacture of infrastructure, poured it into social work and into the rural areas.
According to John D Sangma General Secretary of the All Khasi Hills Chick Federation, these wild elephants entered the village at 7.30 pm on Tuesday. damaged two houses.
Many young girls from the state have taken part in the Sunsil Serum Mega Miss North East contest and have won. Abhijeet Singha, the founder of the contest, said:
Shillong, Naitung 07: For the first time in the state, the Meghalaya government has awarded honors to the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSLC examinations conducted by the Meghalaya Board of Secondary Education (MBOSE). The award ceremony will be held by the Education Research Development Foundation (ERDF) in collaboration with the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM).
He said that there are 41 Entry and Exit Points in the state, but it is not good for the government to say when they will do it as the land acquisition is ongoing. There is a shortage of funds, but there are many places that need to be done and one of those places has been completed now and it remains only to implement the work and three lanes but only one government will be able to do it within two lanes. three months.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs has called a meeting of the officials of the Home Department to discuss and ensure that this incident does not lead to a tragic incident.
The march will start from Congress Bhavan at 11 pm and end at the Additional Secretariat where a public meeting will be held.
Other demands include the construction of a hostel for men, the construction of a superintendent's residence for boys, a residence for the superintendent of the hostel for women, the construction of a new canteen, Build a new library, have a college bus, install security guards, improve the football ground.
Speaking as the chairman of the meeting, HH Mohrmen, Secretary of the Association, said that the market was organized in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro-Biodiversity Society (NESFAS).
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Bah Hercules Suting, President of the Raid Nongtung Unit, together with the owners of the Raid Nongtung Unit, have alleged that Bah Barnabas Lyngdoh has harassed two farmers. house in relation to a farmland adjacent to the jurisdiction of Khyndewsaw Village.
The water has been sent to the Government of Assam and Meghalaya for inspection at Bamunimaidan, Guwahati.
Shillong, July 29: The JSU Khiehriat Circle today visited Mynkre to inspect the quarrying site of the GR Infra Project under the supervision of NHAI. this place is desolate.
Bani, General Secretary John Liverpool K. Bani, Treasurer Brightstar Nongseij, Secretary Bantei Marbaniang along with 15 EMs, on this occasion also welcomed nearly 100 new members of the party from Nongstoin.
Furthermore, the Government of India has imposed export cess and taxes on petroleum products to prevent exporters from benefiting by putting pressure on those who need this petroleum domestically.
The Project Director of MACS said that what they are most concerned about is the transmission of the disease from mother to child.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The General Council of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today reaffirmed the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Committee said that the farmers are not clear on the Farmers Act passed by the District Council on the prohibition of kilo cutting of products. rep.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the swearing-in ceremony of Neiphiu Roi as the Chief Minister of Nagaland.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Union of Teachers (JACATAM) has suspended its strike after meeting with senior government officials to discuss the demand for the implementation of the increase. salary of 100 PC for adhoc school teachers.
Shillong, Lber 05: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader James K Sangma on Tuesday said that it would be a threat to the state if the election was held by money laundering and the use of force.
He said that the copper mines in the Iewmawlong area have affected the traffic jam from Anjalee, Khyndai Lad, Motphran and no one has seen or heard because those in power have done nothing.
There were 29 teams taking part in the tournament and on the opening day Umroh SC played against FSLC.
He said; He said that he will talk to the officers to find out how far the work has progressed so far and also to direct them to inform him soon before he leaves for Delhi to meet the Minister of Home Affairs on this issue. task.
According to a statement sent by the police, Wansul Myrthong arrived at Lum Mangkashang at 8.30 pm today.
It is said that the killing, which happened just two days before the elections, has shocked the residents of the area.
After hearing this speech of the Chief Minister, the union met with the General Manager of FCI TN Singh who is in charge of the FCI in the North East. we.
Today, after receiving a tip that four robbers used a Scorpio ronglieh to kidnap a truck driver, we informed the Umsning Police and Umiam Police Station.
In this meeting, the CoMSO informed the UDP leader that the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state is not only the responsibility of the government alone but of all the 60 people. Regarding the MRRSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020, the CoMSO said that it is up to the people of Delhi to know that the people of the state demand the ILP. According to Article 200, the Governor of the State has to act on the advice of the Cabinet. The MRSSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020 to protect the entry of foreigners into the state.
Speaking on this occasion, he said that UP has 16% forest cover.
Pastor Phawa congratulated Bah Lyngdoh, who took the initiative to complete the handover of the KJPA house, which is its owner.
The judgment of the winner of the match pass is only for the schools.
Among the documents distributed at the state level workshop was a book entitled “Web-based Central Complaints and Grievances Management System under Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana” (RSBY). It is clear that if there is any excessive price under the RSBY scheme, the public can lodge their complaint on the website of the Central Government www.rsby.
The MUA II government has recently issued a statement directing all district administrations to be vigilant against any sudden infiltration of people from Assam. The statement urged the government to strictly control the entry and exit of foreigners into Meghalaya and to do the same as Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram by deploying police forces. state and paramilitary forces in all areas on the border.
It is wrong to say that it is used in the Khasi newspapers, because it is a translation of the word synlar from the English language.
The meeting was also attended by the Vice President of the state BJP party in Meghalaya, Dipayan Chakraborty. angle.
On the part of Bah RL Blah General Secretary of SNSKBH, he expressed his gratitude to the Shillong Marwari Community for handing over this task to the Union. people who really need help.
On the other hand, the villages of Nongskhen and Mawdang have confirmed that there is no claim that they have not done anything. The reason is that they have not received a complaint. you don't have to worry about it.
This road is very useful for the people as it leads to Baghmara.
The match between these two clubs was spectacular and lively in the presence of hundreds of fans and residents of Mynso.
During the meeting, they did not discuss anything on the political situation in the state. It was added that the meeting today was only on the issue of strengthening the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Two bridges in South West Garo Hills District, one at Gopinathkilla and one at Bakdagre near Mahendraganj have been flooded due to heavy rainfall. slap in the area which started on Sunday morning.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Unidentified persons shot dead Momoti N Sangma while she was sleeping at her shop in Upper Chidikgre district at 12.15 pm today.
The union found that there are 7653 vacancies in government departments, but the prime minister said there are only 3000 vacancies.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has urged the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to look after his own house behind his house before fighting with the Assam Chief Minister. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
GST has now replaced multiple taxes at the Central and State Governments.
The Congress MDC said that although there have been discussions within the Boundary Committee and the boundary settlement is ongoing, the construction of the Transit Camp by the Assam Government at Khanapara is still ongoing. , in which he said that it is regrettable that the Government does not take the KHADC as a strong part to resolve the border issue.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Due to the heavy rainfall in the state, many wells have collapsed in Shillong.
Daly said that there are many crematoria in Meghalaya, but so far only 1000 have been accessed.
Let us be determined to serve our country in any way we can.
Them Bijoy is said to fall under the Shillong Cantonment Board, but the surprising thing is that there are many shops in this area but the people who came to destroy are only the shops that are located in the area. I didn't go to Raino.
The Minister also appreciated the steps taken to address the problem of increasing number of cancer patients through various programs against tobacco use.
Nongpriang Village is a village which has received light but in 2018 this village has been disconnected and since that day until now it has received electricity. get light.
Otherwise, if it were not for the mats of SAI STC Shillong, the judo tournament which has been established since 1986 would have disappeared in Meghalaya.
According to the agreement between the two countries signed on 6th July 2011, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, Paul Lyngdoh, AL Hek and Bindo signed a memorandum of understanding. don lang in this promise.
The farmers of Ri Bhoi are the main suppliers of soh and jhur as well as food items to many parts of the state and abroad as well.
Besides these, famous costume designers from Kolkata will also be showcased.
We have urged them to compile this figure, put the data in the right format and conduct a survey of all the disabled children in the state," he said.
This is a collection of different steps aimed at finding 270 most suitable startup ventures from the region.
The union has sent a letter to the government demanding that the roster should be implemented as directed by the HCM. You want the Roster to work properly.
“We don't know whether the District Authorities keep good records of the names of those who have registered in Aadhhar.
Smit, August 08: The Union of Chief Executive Members of Mawkynrew Block, Mawkynrew Block, Khyrim Hima, has held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars of Mawryngkneng and Mylliem Block. , to discuss the Village Administration Bill – the KHADC Village Administration Bill
The news of the pib.
He said that there are Adhoc Schools which have not been able to appoint teachers for more than 1 year due to the implementation of MTET. They urged the Minister to look into this.
While there are some who are nervous, others are cautious and there are also those who are unaware or unaware of the dangers of this situation.
Regarding other issues related to the rules how to get certificates to live in houses that have been built, to get ring light and ring water, the government will look into how to change the rules. of government.
He said that on his part, he has received that many of the tourist vehicles that come to the state are foreigners and this has led to the loss of income. He also urged the Council to take action on this issue.
He urged the Prime Ministers and Chief Justices of the High Courts to take this forward.
The Khasi Hima is divided into khien, son of thousand ii) son of shot shnong, iii) son of soh syiem iv) raiot v) u dkho and these words have already appeared in some of the Hima Rules which have been approved. by the Lat of the state.
Shillong, Lber 01: The three-day 6th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 has ended on 28th June 2021 with 25 participants.
On Tuesday afternoon, doctors and health workers of the East Khasi Hills District and the authorities of East Khasi Hills District had already brought an ambulance to transport the victims. Binda was taken to hospital after the doctors examined her and found that her blood pressure had dropped significantly.
Tourist attractions in India: Gangtok, Sikkim is 125 km from New Jalpaiguri Railway Station and 114 km from Siliguri Railway Station.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Church of Jesus Christ Riatsamthiah today released an album titled “JINGJOP” which contains 13 songs.
The training was conducted to demonstrate, teach, guide and train them in modern farming methods which can help and produce more crops, reduce losses and the development and income generation more in the agriculture sector of this village.
This too can foster mass participation, from children 6 years old and up to adults.
Nongrem said that Prestone has promised that the Government will set up a Subdivisional Level Coordination Committee headed by an SDO (Civil) which will include the BSF, Police and Rangbah Shnongs. border villages to solve this problem faced by the people.
To avoid any tragic incident, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order that all schools in the district will be closed tomorrow morning.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is an initiative launched across the country which aims to inform and empower the citizens about the major schemes and programs of the central government.
The Cabinet has decided to increase the salary of the government from T.1300 crore to T.1800 crore so that it can use the available funds. for the fiscal year 2022-2
The party has also informed that if the people wish to congratulate these two candidates from this state who will represent India, the party has arranged on the 11th of this month. from 3.30 pm to 6.00 pm.
The Seng has expressed its surprise that the PHC does not have an ambulance but only a private vehicle. The Seng has also asked who will be responsible if anything happens to them. Patients who are transported by this vehicle especially poor mothers.
BN, the police have taken the body for post mortem.
The Ministers of the State Governments explained the progress of the JJM and SBM. Shekhawat expressed his satisfaction with the work since the last meeting. The Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti praised their initiatives as well as their suggestions to improve the implementation of the missions with assurance. to the quality of works.
KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle President Samborlang Shabong, President KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle, said in a statement, “KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle send today.
It is also important for the government to ensure that the farmers should not be discriminated against in terms of price.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Central Recruitment Board (CPD) has announced the names of those candidates who have been selected for the personal interview after conducting the physical examination. and positions in the police department at various levels.
“Kong Simi Khongtiang, said that this is a great joy for the team of the film 'Ka Chithi.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Shaniah Shkem Dkhar Asst Finance Secretary KSU JHDU while Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary KSU JHDU took part in the swearing in ceremony.
The Prime Minister said, “The water of the river is so clean that we can see part of the boat in Meghalaya. inside it and looks like a ship flying in the air.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a directive to the public and said that this is a warning due to the bad weather conditions, the NH- 40 Shillong-Dawki The Rngain River has been able to improve.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister today asked the Speaker of the Lok Sabha to meet him tomorrow morning to submit his resignation letter as MP after winning the MLA election. 51-South Tura Assembly Constituency.
Brigadier RV Singh, Deputy Director General Recruitment, Shillong and others were present at the meeting. The meeting was conducted by Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills Sunjay Goyal.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the government holds many meetings at the State Convention Centre, Pinewood as well and the convening of meetings at which venues depends on the meeting.
In his 30-minute speech, he emphasized the work done by the UPA government for Meghalaya where it has not discriminated against anyone.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Once again we commemorate the 186th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, who fought for the independence of the British.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Indian Army has announced that a five-day recruitment drive for Meghalaya youth will be held at the Assam Regimental Centre.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its anger at the delay of the authorities in removing these foreigners.
Good manners are an important part of human life especially for school children.
What is surprising is how the Weighbridge Department of the State Government has allowed the construction of two weighbridges on the same road, Amlarem to Tamabil and to weigh the same goods on the same road. and these requests will be meaningful as Customs has accepted the request of the Central Government Port Authority to allow vehicles to enter Bangladesh.
The Principal Secretary to the Revenue and Relief Department and Commissioner of Divisions for Garo Hills, PW Ingty, visited all the flood areas in the presence of officials. government.
Shillong, March 02: The State Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UYP) on Monday honored Mansa Najiar for writing a book titled 'A Hero's Destiny' in the office of the party.
Think20 is the Engagement Group of the G2
At present in Meghalaya there are two NON-TRIBAL companies working in the mining and transportation of Mawshun called “MAJOR LIMESTONE”.
“Friends, on the 31st of November, all of us the residents of the village congratulate the death of Shaheed Udham Singh ji,” he said.
In West Garo Hills, all three are BSF personnel while in North Garo Hills, one is a health worker and one is a returnee.
In a meeting with the Chief Secretary at 11 am, Bah Michael and Bah Rishan said that in this regard, the Chief Secretary has admitted that He said that the case has been registered and he urged the investigating officer to complete the case as soon as possible.
They are happy because they accept Dr.D.D.Lapang as a father who has given them strength during the time he was in the Congress party.
He informed that the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar on 28th June 2017 held a meeting chaired by the Rangbah Kur (L) Ephrain Mawlong where the decision was taken from 28/05/2017 onwards. that the office bearers of the Kur shall be appointed by inheritance while there are Kñi, they shall be the Kñi of all the leaders of the Kur according to the custom of the ancient Khasi and it shall descend to the Pyrsa and so on. cat.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the MLA of Amlarem, today said that a containment zone has been declared in nine villages in Amlarem. people test positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Lber 22: Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Meghalaya, in reply to a question by Bah PN On the royalty from the Major Minerals share, Prestone said that the royalty to the three District Councils is T. 00,34,755/-.
He also urged everyone to send their suggestions on the new G-20 website on how India can work better for the good of the world.
The word cannot be called Korbarpud Korbarsam.
Experts in this field have demanded this and now we have announced that we will have a Chief of Defense Staff-CDS.
Pyniaid said that after hearing the speeches of the Principal of the school, H Dkhar, the village authorities in 1971 started the step school which has now been taken over. The Upper Primary School has received assistance from the Government.
The complaint was lodged with the police on Tuesday night.
The checks were distributed by the Chief Minister to Prestone Tynsong Symbut at a meeting held at the State Convention Center today in the presence of officials from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. it is the organization that works.
“The Hynniewtrep youth also deserve to receive awards from the nation or the HNLC if they fight and kill the insurgents who are a threat to our people and our country.
Emilia Susngi won the bronze medal in the 49 kg category in the Junior Girls category while David Lalrinmawia won the bronze medal in the 70 Kg category in the Senior Men category.
Just cleaning once or twice a year doesn’t make sense.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong fully supports the protest of various political parties working in the State who have fought hard to force the government to explain the urgent need for ILP which is a means of protecting the minorities. There is no illegal entry into the state.
The most surprising of all the projects is the Rice Mission which doesn't exist anywhere and more than billions of rupees have been spent for this project, said Conrad at the public meeting.
He was one of the founders of the Kelvin Cinema Festival and the Artistic Director of the short film festival in the country.
The Minister also informed that NEIAH has launched Ayurvedic Immuno Modulation in Children at its Ayurveda Hospital.
CEM of JHADC SM Suna, MDC Mukhla, N. Munish Singh, Regional Director ICCR, Chief Minister of Raliang and the children of Raij Mukhla.
Speaking at the ceremony, ADG, NCC NER Major General Ananta Bhuyan said that these youths who came to take part in the Republic Day celebrations in Delhi, They were selected by those who have received training here and at the same time they were thanked by the government for their support.
Speaking to SP News Agency, UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh said they are grateful to the Speaker of the House for giving this recognition.
From 35-Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marwein of the UDP won while from 51-South Tura, Conrad K Sangma of the NPP won. Jackuish A Sangma of Congress received 937 votes, PN Syiem PDF received 1977 votes, Martin M Danggo of NPP received 10095 votes and Pius Marwein of UDP received 13138 votes. but bad you won with 3043 but.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has arrested the President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and four others while they were on their way from Rangthong. it has nothing to do with armed groups.
The states have enough funds under this.
In her speech, D Tongper, President of STIEH, said, “It is only India that has tortured the villagers for the sake of foreigners. a country that despises its citizens but pleases foreigners".
The body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
These light emitting diode (LED) bulbs are much better than CFL bulbs, the price is T.70 each while the market price of this bulb is T. up to T.300/- per month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HFU President Commander Shangpliang said that with the introduction of the kilo cut law, there should be no difference between the farmers and the traders.
The General Secretary of the Association, Bah Barikupar Mylliemngap, has appealed to all the employees across the districts of the State to be ready to protest if the Association calls for a peaceful protest according to the Constitution. period.
Atal Ji changed India's position in the world.
Mairang, Jymmang 11: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in two orders issued this evening has informed that due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 in Mairang Village, Mission and the Village.
“During the inspection at Stanley Roy Mahindra Service, the union found that there are 17 foreign workers at the dealership who do not have proper documents,” said Bah Godwin Lakiang, owner of Banalari World Car. On the other hand, we as employers are trying our best to provide the necessary documents especially the Labor License from the Labor Department and KHADC but until now the Labor Department has not been able to issue the Labor License from the Labor Department. The reason is that the police have not completed the Police Verification of the employees.
On the part of Bah John F Kharshiing and Dr Eureka L Mawlong, they congratulated the Tourism Department for coming to conduct the awareness program in Nongkhlaw.
Shillong, Naitung 04: UDP candidate Bah Pius Marwein today filed his nomination for the mid-term elections from the 35th Ranikor Constituency. .
Shillong, July 28: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met with government officials in South Garo Hills District to discuss the schemes implemented by the government in South Garo Hills District. In the presence of Siju-Rongra MLA Rakkam Sangma, Chokpot MLA Lazarus Sangma and GHADC MLA Sengnal Sangma.
After the election, he wrote to the party to forget what had happened and wrote a letter to ask for an MP ticket but the party did not respond until he decided to resign. to this ticket request.
Shillong, June 16: Pastor Rev NO Kharlukhi, on Saturday, opened the letter to the MDCs. The school of the Presbyterian Church in Mawmadoin village under the jurisdiction of the Nongum Presbytery Church.
Of these, 874 passed in the First Division, 256 were males and 618 were females, 4412 were males, 1516 were females, 2896 were females, 7071 were males and 3997 were females.
Police immediately rushed to the scene and found a man lying in a pool of blood inside the ground floor of a car manufacturing factory belonging to Bah Farid Mukhim at Laitkor Mawrie, Lumheh.
PM after addressing the Nation on the occasion of 77th Independence Day from the ramparts of Red Fort, in New Delhi on August 15, 2023.
Other employees working in other government departments of about 57 households, about 50% of whom have already left the area and have gone to different places and it was decided to encourage those who remain to leave the Sweeper Colony and to move to the places provided by the government departments where they work.
This promise of the Prime Minister at the meeting did not come true according to his message to the Forum to declare the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a District.
He said that these measures have been achieved thanks to the donations of people to the PM CARES Fund to support India in the fight against COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Bah HS Shylla President of the Union urged all the Rangbah Kurs to attend the meeting and the topic to be discussed on this day is “The role of the Kurs in the nation".
The ceremony is also to mark the 85th Anniversary of the Indian Army.
On 24, 25, 27, 28and 29 October 2020, all Taxis and Auto Rickshaws will be banned from operating on the roads on these dates. the offices of the District Transport Officer.
At the same time, he said that there is still work to preserve the environment and to ensure that the human race should not disappear but should survive.
Guwahati, July 25: The Railway Protection Force (RFP) of the NF Railway has arrested 57 train robbers in the North East till June
On the other hand, the state police have been vigilant to maintain peace and order in the state.
“The DTO office has issued the permit but we who earn when we go to get the permit say that we have to join other companies.
The committee was headed by the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong as Chairman. The members were Dasakhiatbha Lamare Minister, Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Jambor War EM and Rangkynsai Kharbuki EM. The meeting was convened by the Deputy Commissioner of KHADC.
Details of all accounts and assets held abroad that have reached the government, enables the government to take disciplinary action against violators of the law.
On the investigation into MeECL, it is not the government that wants to delay but it is the judge's request for more time because he is suffering. the judge shall investigate.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, Jymmang 06: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated the International Crops Research Institute (ICRISAT) at Patancheru, Hyderabad. The Minister also inaugurated the Climate Change Research Facility on Plant Protection and the Rapid Generation Advancement Facility of ICRISAT. of Asia and sub-Saharan Africa.
The students who passed the DSC examination in 2010 recently held a rally at the office to demand their right to extend the deadline. The District Administration has asked for a day to resolve this issue.
He announced that there will be no recruitment in the BSF and he wants the people from the border areas to come and take advantage of this job vacancy.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The passing away of Bah Various Star Nongsiej, one of the longtime journalists of Meghalaya, has brought a great loss to his fellow journalists and the state.
Brig SBK Singh DDG NCC in charge of North Eastern Region of India, Brig PM Bali, NCC Group Commander, Shillong were also present on the occasion. .
“said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Referring to the construction of the Beat Office by Assam, the Chief Minister said that even if the construction is within the border of Meghalaya, the government will not allow it to happen. construction is really what the government will be looking at.
The Tura Parliamentary Constituency was first led in 1971 by KK Marak who won on the ticket of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference.
This means that everyone wanted this decision but perhaps they allowed the person to do what was necessary.
As part of the strengthening of relations between the two countries, there was also a screening of a Korean film and a song by the K-Pop singer Jang Hanbyul.
The village leaders have met with the SDO in charge of light in Mawkyrwat and the RE of MeECL in Nongstoin and twice they have met with the heads of MeECL in Lum Jaishai but these and all the journeys were successful.
Kayakalp Awards" to two District Hospitals and four CHCs for their excellent performance in providing health care to the public. The CHCs are Chokpot CHC, Bhoirymbong CHC, Laskein CHC and Khliehriat CHC. that three Districts.
Sanbor Shullai of the BJP will file his nomination papers at 12.30 pm in Shillong, while Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress will file his nomination papers at 10.30 pm in Tura. There are four candidates for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Boney of KHNAM, Samuel Hashah of independent candidate, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of UDP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of Congress and Vincent H Pala of Congress and Sanbor Shullai of the BJP. From Tura, there are only three candidates, Agartha K Sangma of the NPP, Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress and Rikman G Momin of the BJP. Shillong, Lber 25: U Dr Mukul Sangma, candidate of the Congress party, today filed his nomination as the MP candidate for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Three taxis were hit by the tree, two of them were damaged and the lights were cut off.
Since the passage of the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Bill in the House in 2016 and this Bill became law, the state government has been able to complete the first construction of the site. Monitor the entry and exit points of people into the state at the Entry and Exit points.
Police said that this is the residence of Philliport, the area commander of the GNLA. (SP News).
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that this day has been celebrated all over the world since
After submitting the petition in 2010, the NCST considered it on 5th May 2011, and after that the NCST sent its decision to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, through letter No.BJFK/ Service(Inclusion) Meghalaya/2012/ RU-II dated 26 April 2012.
The officer of the soil department has informed the Superintendent of Police in charge of South Garo Hills District.
He expressed confidence that by 2047, India will be the world's number one in all aspects and the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' will come true.
The office is located in the area under the Mawsynram Community and Rural Development Department which is in charge of schemes for those villages on the border which belong to the central government.
The President also said that the statement of Ms Ampareen regarding the lack of jobs of ASHAs for the Village Leaders is very wrong as many of the jobs of ASHAs are in the hands of the Dorbars. village and village leaders.
The new members and leaders of the Lapangap Unit are President Agostan Timung, Vice President Monbha Pyrpet, General Secretary Saikia Sumer, Assistant General Secretary Pyrkhat Dkhar, Education Secretary Riehbok Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary Ishmel Dkhar, Sports Secretary Hapmon Lamin, Finance Secretary Assistant Finance Secretary Didimus Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Kodwis Dkhar and 13 members.
The university will also hold a drawing competition on the 3rd of this month to commemorate this great man of the country who brought about the unity of the country after independence. .
In the category of traditional dance, the winner was Seinraj Shangpung, Khliehmuchut, Loomiongkjam, Jowai and the winner of the category of traditional dance was Kya Welfare Organization, Nartiang, Baroto B, Marian Hill Higher. Secondary School.
Shillong, October 24: Shillong, October 24: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Shillong, Bah PN Syiem, has been absent from Shillong. The resignation of three Executive Members of the Congress Party after they withdrew their support to the Executive Committee of the PDF has not been accepted by the CEM. To accept the resignation of the three EMs especially that of the Deputy CEM, Bah Process T Sawkmie, who is the keystone in the process, is only because the CEM is not in Shillong.
The participation of Tourism Clubs will also facilitate the development of skills and the sustainable tourism sector.
Officials of the Election Department of the Meghalaya Government today held a vigil in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to ensure that there will be no excessive money laundering.
According to the residents of the area, this road is an important road connecting Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Pariong and Shillong. .
When asked by Congress MDC Lamphrang Blah, who is also a member of the UDF, he said that he too has heard the same news but he is still trying to confirm whether it is true or not.
The NPP leader alleged that Bah Basaïawmoit did not authorize the Executive Members of the Council to sign the sale deed and register the sale deed.
During the election campaign, Bah Pynshngain has said and declared in every meeting that if the people empower him, his table is the table of the people but it is empty. It has become a table of wealth and not the table of the people as he promised and this has exposed the backwardness of the area in all aspects.
She also recalled the work done during the pandemic.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister witnessed the collapse of the NH-6, accompanied by officials of PWD, NHAI who have repaired the road to fight for the release. The vehicles have been allowed to pass through this road connecting to Silchar.
The AJYWO will soon meet the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD and the CEM of JHADC to put forward its demands on the Aadhaar registration.
The group is now seeking public opinion on many issues whether political, social and commercial.
St. Anthony's College has won the title in the basketball tournament organized by the Seng Khasi College as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the College which started on the 17th of this month. which expires on June 19, 2023.
The landslide from the Mawlai Bye Pass has collapsed into the ground where there are houses under construction and occupied. Four employees were injured in the incident.
Modi said the scheme will also ensure the export of goods from the North East.
BSF today seized 27 cows from Iew Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District under Pynursla Police Station. I don't want to go to Bangladesh.
Also present on the occasion were the President and Secretary of the Youth Wing Bah Kennedy Warlarpih and Samla Junestar Kharbuli.
There are some challenges here and there to get the approval from the MCI and to start the Post-graduate programs because it will be looked into carefully.
She was born on July 16, 1918.
Shillong, November 22: The Manad Village Youth Association Central Body, as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Union of Village Youth Associations, has organized a festival through various programs recently. Twenty neighboring villages came to participate.
There were also others who signed their names from the children of the Hima Sohiong and the reasons they signed were that as the Lyngdoh as mentioned in the letter dated 17/09/2 The Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima has lodged a complaint against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima for handing over the Hima Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang without the approval of the Hima Dorbar of Sohiong.
Police have registered a case against them under the provisions of the law and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, November 12: U Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of CoMSO, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has been silent for more than a year since the Legislative Assembly passed a resolution on 19/0 12/2019.
The party has held an emergency meeting this evening to discuss the political situation in the KHADC. On the other hand, the President of the PDF, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, said, “The PDF has Blanding Warjri (Mawthadraishan Constituency) and Latiplang Kharkongor (Nongthymmai Constituency) have left to support the KHDA. Therefore, the party has called an emergency meeting this evening.
Others are the Kurs of Mawlieh, Mukhim, Nengnong, Nongdhar, Nongkhlaw, Sohtun, Thongni and Thongni.
“Once we have collected the suggestions and suggestions of the colleges, we will consider conveying them to the government,” he said.
Jowai, Nailar 30: The Jaintia People's Movement Forum (PPF) and the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HPN) have decided to support the implementation of the ILP in the state. full details on the strike by the 10 parties which will start before the 12 hour curfew on the 2nd of November.
A total of 115 students were trained in the military service of the ARC, one of the oldest army units in the region.
Regarding the tear gas shelling of teachers, Titoss said that as party leaders, they have spoken clearly to the Minister of Home Affairs regarding the incident. He said that he is still waiting for the report and once the report is received, the necessary action will be taken and we will wait for that.
All teachers were urged not to take part if the government holds any government meetings.
Shillong, March 26: A two-day exhibition will start tomorrow in Sohra, Meghalaya to mark the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
For the reasons witnessed in the past years, the KSU has urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to ensure that if the youths who are Khasi or Garo, if they are able to enter or fail to attend the Open Category, such youths should be included in the Open Category, so that other youths from the Reserved Categories can also participate in the categories allocated to them, said the petition. and the Secretary of Education, Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet.
The Income Tax Department has not released the names of the people involved in this case, but these people have caused Meghalaya to lose revenue by misusing Article (26) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for the benefit of the tribals.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, he said there are five private schools in Meghalaya and there is a need to amend the existing law to regulate them.
The collection of these direct taxes increased by 6.6 and 9% respectively compared to the two years before the demonetisation.
There will be a meeting at Madam Football Nongthymmai at 9 pm before the start of the public meeting.
The names of those selected are posted on the website of the police department by logging in to Website/.
“This type of Birth Certificate in WJHD has affected the people especially the households and also those who come from the rural areas because not only do they lose money but also the day and night. “It's time because they have to come every day for a Birth Certificate,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
On the other hand, the Director said that the development of football in the state is due to the private sector who have taken responsibility for this and have spent money to promote football, such as Shillong Lajong. Sport Club, Rangdajied Sport Club, Wahiengdoh Sport Club and others.
The Commission will also meet with leaders of various political parties, members of Autonomous Councils, members of Trade and Industry including FICCI, Assam Branch of Indian Tea Association, and others. others who have contributed to understanding the opportunities and challenges in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Police today took Bernard N Marak to court after the expiry of the deadline of the Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) Tura for questioning.
As a farmer, you have no right to damage the land.
In the presence of doctors from the district, the Deputy Commissioner of the district, Ripnar Lyngdoh, inaugurated the clinic.
The Deputy Director of Social Welfare, Meghalaya, Mrs CN Marak who was the chief guest on the occasion delivered a speech and distributed awards to the Aganwadi workers.
"“As the Government and the National People's Party (NPP) we stand firm on the ground that we want to move forward with the peace talks with the illegally registered armed groups and we want to see that there should be However, I cannot elaborate on this issue as it falls under the jurisdiction of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The NPP stands firm on the ground to advise the government to move forward with the peace talks,” she said.
It may be recalled that the HFU in collaboration with the government will hold the 1 Meghalaya Fair Parliament in Shillong.
Speaking on the petition sent by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) to the President of India, Droupadi Murmu to address the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati and also the demand of the Coordination and Welfare Committee. (CWC) Shella Bholaganj Block has urged the Government to arrest those involved immediately and the announcement of the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) to hold a sit-in protest at Khyndai Lad.
The union demands that the POCSO should also prosecute those people who try to help these perpetrators.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Bah Balajied Synrem, son of Dr Donkupar Roy, today filed his nomination for the Returning Officer of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the by-election. The 26th Shella Assembly Constituency will be held on the 21st of April.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Leaders of the UDP, PDF and HSPDP, who are part of the MDA government, have gone to campaign for the mid-term elections in Ampati. Clement G Momin, NPP candidate. Leaders of the ethnic parties who left for Ampati to support the NPP candidate are Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State from the UDP, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh from the UDP. Renikton L Tongkhar of the HSPDP and MLA of Mawkyrwat.
said Mr. Pangniang.
According to the verdict of the court, the two men were fined Rs 5,000 each. The incident is under the jurisdiction of the Sardar police station.
Participating countries will send 37 delegates, India and China will send more delegates.
At present, Shillong is too crowded and if a shopping mall is built in this area, it will cause more traffic jams.
In addition, there will be a Geographical Indication (GI) Pavilion which will showcase the GI products of the northern region.
He said that we need to support measures that promote sustainable livelihoods such as sustainable agriculture, forest conservation and the use of renewable energy sources.
This is part of the HamaraSankalpViksit Bharat campaign, which focuses on assistance to people in need, information provision, training from people and promotion of people who should benefit from schemes.
At the same time, the BJP has requested the Ministry of Home Affairs to deploy police patrols at the party office to prevent any tragic incident. the office of the party.
Furthermore, the Open Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC) will help small businesses to use digital services. region.
The meeting was attended by Goyal, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, M. War Nongbri, IAS, Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management Department, other officers from SDMA Shillong. , July 01: As India grows in its reputation in the world for its inexplicable change, the continued prevalence of tobacco use and consumption continues to be one of the serious health hazards in the country.
After this, he had a talk with the students of IIT Guwahati.
There was a bill published in the Gazette but it was canceled for two minor shortcomings not of the Regulation 2015 but of non-compliance with the rules before the Regulation 2015 was published in the Gazette (Extra-Ordinary). ) on 25.8.2015, to issue the Regulation 2015 as soon as possible so that it can come into force because we cannot deny that it is necessary to build our houses properly.
The Riti Academy of Visual Arts has set up the MAD Gallery in Shillong to promote, promote and live according to the needs and desires of the community.
There are 125 cases in East Khasi Hills, 20 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills and 7 cases in West Jaintia Hills. 3 people.
Shillong, Nailur 13: After the three days of school strike, the members of JACATAM today met and decided to send a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to discuss their issue and give him until the 23rd of this month to call for talks.
The programme, which was conducted through digital means, aims to promote trade and export of goods from the state to foreign countries including agricultural products, textiles, handicrafts and other goods. who is from Meghalaya.
Many of these contract teachers in government schools have worked for more than 9 years, during these 9 years their service has been given every 59 days and after 59 days they have received a renewal. , all the teachers have completed the Dl.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that up to 400 people have returned home who have violated the quarantine rules and the government has banned them for this. of them that went out of their houses.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already marked many constituencies for the MLA elections. to ensure that they do not get involved in money laundering.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government has completed the withdrawal of rice from the Food Corporation of India (FCI) for the months of June, October, June and The preparation for this month of June is still going on, but the question now is where is he going?
These four NPP MLAs have defeated the BJP candidates in all four constituencies. Other parties that won the elections were the NCP won 3 seats, the PPA 2 seats. , Congress 1 and 3 independent candidates won.
The ADM who is investigating the incident did not appear before the Committee today.
Our nation has always been known as a nation loved by God, let us be united without fear and hope we will be free from these problems.
He said that the Mega Mock Exercise will be held in June 2014, according to the National Disaster Management Authority. central government.
The tree planting ceremony was held on Saturday.
NPP candidates from Shillong, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh and MP from Tura, Agatha Sangma, Chief Minister have congratulated the BJP leaders for their cooperation with the NDA. The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today directed the public not to spread false news regarding the incident ha Icahmati on 27/3/2
This was announced by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who said, “Various festivals will be held across the state to promote the image of Meghalaya as a destination. the most suitable within the country for tourists.
This will be a precious help for those in need from the organization. He also urged the people not to be afraid to donate blood as it is a precious help to the precious souls.
Shillong, Nailur 04: As part of the efforts to encourage the talented sportsmen and also to assist in the development of the youth of Mawkynrew Constituency to reach the ranks of fame, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency has donated Rs.20,000/- to three youths from Jatah Village Lakadong who have been selected to lead the state under the banner of the MSKA. ) to the Cadets-Junior and Senior National Kickboxing Championship 2017-18 to be held in Raipur, Chhattisgarh from 6-10th November
Four deaths have been reported in East Khasi Hills, three in South West Garo Hills and one in South West Garo Hills.
It is unfortunate that many Kurs do not know whether they have grown or disappeared.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Three civil society organizations today welcomed the invitation of the Prime Minister to expedite the setting up of checkpoints and exit points for foreigners coming to the state in first part.
The public is urged to cooperate so that the investigation can be completed within two months.
When they grew up, they began to invade the lands of the Khasi, they forbade the Khasi to enter many of their villages and they bombed and tied the Khasi in many places without forgiveness. They also killed the Khasi women who cleaned their clothes in Urkaliar, where they raped them.
: you don't have to suda.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Bah Rocky Hek, NPP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah today donated a computer to the Lumshyiap Dorbar Shnong for the use of the village.
The Chief Minister said that so far 1382 people have been tested and 1202 have been negative and 168 results are awaiting report.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Bah Sameer. time unknown end.
Therefore, this letter should be deleted immediately," he added.
From this platform you can see the beauty of Nokreh Forest which is the highest mountain range in Garo Hills. how to build a house in Garo.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a notice that all pharmacy shops should install CCTV cameras in their shops within two days. lem thus they shall be punished.
At the same time, pig farmers should clean the pig farm, vehicles should not be brought near the pig farm, pork or pig feed should not be brought from the farm. affected by swine flu to the villages under surveillance.
Shaniahlang Suchen, President of the Seng, said, “We have prepared to protest against the JHADC's failure to implement the demand of the Seng after we submitted a letter to the CEM on the 5th of last month. The Seng also criticized the JHADC for not opening the website of the office, because of the high level of corruption as happened last year by Ma Madonbai Rymbai, former CEM of the office. JHADC, who has been involved in the misuse of public funds worth billions of rupees, has not been charged with a complaint.
The Union Minister said that for those who intend to study in central government universities or colleges run by central government universities, they have to write the CUET examination. NEHU has Agriculture College and Law College. Those who wish to study in these countries have to write the CUET examination.
And the most important thing is to protect the rights and ownership of the land and also to deliver the development works effectively.
Shillong, March 03: U Vice President of India, M. Venkaiah Naidu today had to travel by car from Guwahati to Shillong to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road. .
Khelor said that among the two candidates who have applied for ticket, but when looking at the approval from the primary units of Mawsynram, only the name of Bah HM Shangpliang which received the highest number of approvals among all the primary units.
Finally, he gave some advice on how to bring closeness, love and unity among all the children of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD as a whole.
Traditional singers from Wahkhen and Nongstoin were also accompanied by traditional singers from Shillong and arrived in Dhaka in the evening. sun.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The State Election Committee (SEC) of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya today released the second list of candidates for the upcoming MLA elections. in the year 2018 today.
Three new armed groups have emerged in Garo Hills in the past few months, such as the Achik Songna Anpachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) led by GNLA leader Reading T Sangma. , the A'chik Tiger Force (ATF) and Matchadu Matchabet.
The FIR was lodged at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
At a meeting in Tura after the results of the MDC elections, the Muslims of the party spoke and in this meeting it was found that the people have given their support to the party UDP and as it appears now there is hope. You will win the 2023 MLA elections.
The BSF also arrested the smugglers of smuggled cows worth Rs 2 lakh.
Sixteen persons were seriously injured in the incident including Cheanchi M. Sangma, 25, of Balsrittim, Williamnagar, Dasilang Lapasun, 25, of Madanriting, Dimrimbal Marak, 21, of Madanriting. Samanda Williamnagar, 29, of Nongthymmai, has been arrested.
The objective of setting up these PSA oxygen plants in government hospitals in district headquarters is to strengthen the health care facilities and ensure that every hospital can produce oxygen.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that according to the current rules, the area of ​​land should not be less than 100 hectares. to issue a syrnot related to forestry if the coal mine is within 150 hectares and if more than 150 hectares must be issued by the Central Government.
MIMDI will join hands with the Integrated Mountain Initiative (IMI) and 11 states including the North East of India to raise awareness among the public about the damage caused by the plains. plastic.
The alleged corruption money is from the KCC scheme for farmers which was distributed through the Ministry of Agriculture for the benefit of the residents of the state and also in this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Jeevan Raksha Padak Award 2018 was presented today to Khrawboklong Kharlukhi from Mawryngkneng village of East Khasi Hills District at a function held at the DC Office Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah Kwit Kyrsiang, Rangbah Shnong of Kynroh Nonglyer and Bah Fightstar Nongtri, Secretary, have lodged an FIR at Sohiong Police Outpost on the 15th of last month against Kong Agnes and four others. Fatima Kharthangmaw, Polina Kharthangmaw, Ortila Nongrum and Stet Basalarmaw said that these mothers have insulted him and the Dorbar Shnong.
They were shocked because he did not distribute the money but the man disappeared from the workplace at Rwiang in West Khasi Hills District.
Information on investable projects, setting up of facilitation centers in every state for investors, investment in roads, electricity, water supply etc. are to be do, he said.
The prayer was conducted by Bah Bakstarwell Shylla, one of the members of the HYC from Mawkasain.
"I don't want to compromise, I don't want to waste time with these kinds of things they're talking about," he added.
Meanwhile, in Byrnihat, 22 factories have suspended light bill amounting to T.44,57, 399,030.0/- from 1st June 2021 to 31st October
On this occasion, the Deputy Commissioner was also present.
is addressing the logistical challenges in inventory in the shipping industry.
This decision will protect the welfare of billions of Indians who use mobile and internet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Union Government in a Government Proclamation issued on 16th November 2019, in its judgment that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and its branches have been recognized as a non-governmental organization illegal because they want the parts of Meghalaya where the Khasi and Jaintia ethnic groups live to leave India.
At the same time, he said that once the ban on coal mining is lifted, there will be strict rules which everyone has to follow, whether they are politicians, officers or coal miners. The Government is closely monitoring this to ensure that no one violates.
Efforts by the state government to procure a number of buses to ferry school children have been praised by the court.
The same letter said that only the Presiding Officers, Commission's Observers, Sector Officers, Micro Static Observers and other officers who have been approved by the Returning Officer are allowed, while the polling agents and the candidate are not allowed. Telephones may not be used at polling stations.
He also said that you should send the message to all the students that you have received the 2013 award so that they too can be successful in the coming year.
Talking to the CEM, the JSU leaders expressed their deep concern over the lack of rules and regulations of the JHADC on the conservation and protection of the rivers.
Other party leaders who spoke at the meeting were Witting Mawsor who said how Hopingstone was expelled from the APLHC and the HSPDP will emerge, Martile Mukhim, LG Nongsiej, The meeting was conducted by Renikton Tongkha.
Regarding the incident ha Umsning, the FKJGP said that the FKJGP has all the witnesses through the footage that the authorities have arrested the offenders. The union has questioned why the government has allowed the Petrol Pump at Umran Dairy to open at 11:30 pm. The state has imposed a curfew.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Ms.Sheikh Hasina, at the Joint Press Statements, at Hyderabad House, in New Delhi on October 05, 2019.
“We are deeply saddened to know that the State Government has not yet been able to implement even the Entry & Exit Points in PHASE-I and the District Task Force. “The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, 2016 has not been passed since September last year,” said the AJYWO leader. Soon we will have to meet again with the State Government to discuss with it on these issues which are for the sake of the life and death of our small indigenous people. It is too easy to implement what we have talked and agreed with the government for more than three years,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that he was not present at the meeting because he was not in trouble. Fredrick Kharkongor, MLA of Mawsynram, in the presence of officers.
The Government should not forget that the Khasi Chiefs have only signed the Instrument of Accession while the Instrument of Merger has not been signed between the Khasi Chiefs and the Central Government.
Shillong, Naitung 26: U Bah Palden Mawroh from Nongshiliang Malki has reached the 24th position in the Dancing Superstar competition broadcast on Starplus channel.
He said that in Shillong and other places there are places where people can go to get Aadhar, but the number of people who go to get Aadhar is very low. is ready to increase the number of Aadhar cards.
IASO is the National Association of Surgeons of India.
He said that the KSU is surprised that many of the disabled people do not have Disability Certificates and for this reason they have not received any assistance from the government yet.
Dongki Ingding and Laitdom areas have the lowest number of people to come forward to get vaccinated against COVID-19 and other areas have come forward to get vaccinated against COVID-19,” he said.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 379 cases of COVID-19 have been tested positive in the state today, while 4924 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. in 1995 people.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah ED Nongsiang Chairman of the union said that the union cannot understand why the Minister of Education does not want to meet with JACAMTA to discuss the issues. which they met.
I understand that only the BJP can serve the people in the states and the country better.
We would like to clarify that there is no shortage of ARVs in Meghalaya.
Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services, said that the distribution of PPEs to the districts has been distributed according to the needs of the districts.
The Rangbah shall go and earn a living and shall provide food and drink for the household. This has been the case since the time of the kulong kumah. you are mothers and children.
With this lifting of the order, schools have now been able to issue the results of their students as well as those who have just entered.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The election for the 16th President of India will be held tomorrow morning across the country where MPs and MLAs will cast their votes in their respective states and MPs are elected to Parliament.
The Chairman of the Election Committee, Bah Hilarius Pyngrope, said that the election went smoothly without any incident.
Ed) will also receive the same salary as others when the government issues a government notice, but within two years they will have to complete the D.EL.Ed.
Police have blocked vehicles from Barik to Civil Hospital since the beginning of the meeting. During the meeting, the meeting went smoothly until the meeting was closed. and the meeting was held in this confusion.
India's victory over Pakistan in 1971 was a great honor for India because it was through this war that East Pakistan gained its own country known as Bangladesh. now.
The three candidates include two former ministers, Bah PN Syiem and Bah PT Sawkmie. They did not take part in the bloodshed of the party.
Thousands of people came to pay tribute to those who died.
When the incident escalated, the police shot dead the leaders.
East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills received Shynrai, North Garo Hills received Kaid, East Garo Hills received Sohtrun, South Garo Hills received Sohtrun, West Khasi Hills received Syieng and West Garo Hills received Kashewnut.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA of 16-East Shillong has expressed her shock to learn that the Dome of the new Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has collapsed at midnight today. .
The Unit has planted about 100 trees.
In a statement sent to the media, it said that they have seen the opposition of the people to the Coke Factory.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The 101 Area Army Battalion today celebrated its 55th Anniversary in Shillong.
The pH of the Myntdu River is between 6.5 and 9.0 for survival, but the pH of the Myntdu River appears to be only pH-4
Seeing the need for infrastructure in the economy, the Central Government has allocated a lot of money in this regard in the Union Budget 2018-1
They were arrested from Nongmynsong today and taken to court, police said.
Shillong, March 05: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, today discussed many issues faced by the farmers of the state at the National Level Conference Consultative Group. which was held in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
Those who live in this area are not allowed to be discriminated against as stated above.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Preparations have been made to inaugurate the tomb of Tirot Sing Syiem in Dhaka today morning. The officers of the Department of Culture and Heritage are now in Dhaka.
Shillong, November 06: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) on Tuesday said that the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has witnessed from time to time the harassment of truck owners under the jurisdiction of the JHTOA. Information on the Cement Factories within EJHD, especially in relation to the price of transportation of Cement & Clinker.
In the evening, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa distributed the awards to the students who passed well in the examinations. Other office bearers of the party were also present to encourage the youth who have made progress in their studies.
The Cabinet Secretary urged the Chief Secretaries to implement the powers of the state and to use all the means available to them to fight against the increase in COVID cases. promote the initiatives of all government departments and to have cooperation.
He said that it is necessary to clean the water from the wells , and also to separate the waste that can be converted into compost from that which cannot , and also urged the residents not to We should also clean up the environment because we breathe from it and we should also clean up the village. I am very happy about this meeting.
While the ILP has not yet been implemented, the KHADC has decided that through existing laws such as the Elaka Administration Act, the KHADC Mylliem Mylliem Appointment of Deputy Syiem Hima Maharam and others. Laws that don't exist.
Shella United Democratic Party BALAJIED KUPAR SYNREM (WINNER), 27, Pynursla National People’s Party PRESTONE TYNSONG (WINNER),
The cost of the first phase is 40 Lakh Tyngka, while the government department will provide the remaining phase until completion.
Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC said. What is more shocking is that the government has taken advantage of their surrender in the name of peace. The question now is who formed the GNLA? Everyone knows that Sohan D Shira is a fighter who was killed when he was the Area Commander of the ANVC, and his second flight to the forest to form the GNLA is more terrible than the ANVC. Peace and harmony in the state.
The purpose of this holiday is to allow the public, government employees and school children to take part in the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the District which is on the last day.
At this public meeting, women leaders were urged to speak out on this issue within the government.
Major Abhinav Dethana of the Army will lead the Inter-Services Guard and Police Guard.
Regarding the coal mining in East Jaintia Hills District, the Kupli River has been affected as there are no coal mining sites near the Kupli River.
The Minister said that the party has 58 candidates and there are only two seats left. The state has turned to the NPP because it is the only party that has taken over the jobs that the previous ones did not do.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Sports Club has gone through a path full of challenges.
"“On the 21st of this month, police conducted a search operation against the suspect and at about 3 pm, while he was parking his vehicle at Dosti Hotel, Ladrymbai, two persons broke into the vehicle. inside your car.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Lyngdoh said that it is a pleasure to see that this tournament will showcase the talents of the people of the area in sports.
On the other hand, the police, who were on duty to ensure the smooth running of the election, have conducted checkpoints across the state in all 60 constituencies to ensure that there will be no violence. use the power of money and other factors to attract the people.
Answering questions, Lyngwa said that the shooting death of Bah Romoe by the HNLC is a message among themselves and that they should send a message to others what will happen if they resist. .
He said that the training centers are one of the most important centers as they train people working in government departments for decades.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Riti Academy of Visual Arts today celebrated its three years since its establishment in 1991 and on this occasion the Academy honored Denis Marbaniang. The Commissioner and Secretary, Cultural Affairs Department, Fredrick R Kharkongor presented the award.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Police in Nongstoin have received a tip that a man has tried to steal a type from a vehicle parked at the District Transport Officer's office in Nongstoin.
This is according to a statement issued today.
Dr Rd Laloo who was the chief guest at the meeting said that many programs have been delivered by Dr Rd Laloo who is the Chief Minister. I am very grateful that our people have received their own state and it has been on its journey for 42 years and in this journey the state has faced many ups and downs but as time goes by it has changed. Meghalaya has improved in many ways.
The union does not know where and how these schemes can be implemented, but the union believes that if the schools themselves can implement them, they will implement them better and according to their wishes, when awarding contracts, the contractor. you work and you have to earn.
Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah S Nongtynger said the girl may be between the ages of 18 and 20 years.
The inability to hold the meeting on Saturday 4th was due to heavy rain and wind until even the light was not available all day which put the organizers in great trouble.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity, on Tuesday said that Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, should provide explanations when he alleges.
The KSU Mynksan Unit together with the Mynksan Dorbar Shnong have submitted three demands to the EE Jowai Distribution Division MePDCL Jowai with a written statement.
She also added that any decision taken by the Government should not be against the people.
Three persons have lost their lives in the landslide in Dangar village, Kyllity Langpen, 32, Daphishisha Langpen, 12, Daskhemlang Langpen, , Sa I Dawanbiang Langpen 3 years old, daughter 6 months old.
“I am happy to see the children in this program today.
It is as if a sudden storm has struck in the middle of his service as MDC of Mookaiaw Constituency, leaving behind thousands of loved ones without looking back when the mid-term call demands a short life. in the world.
Speeches were also delivered by MDC Jaiaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was the Chief Guest and also by the Asst.Secy of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Bah JL Khongshei who was the Symbud Chief Guest. The meeting was attended by Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle.
The people who attended the funeral expressed their condolences and prayed for the mother who is now in critical condition to recover.
The residents of Sohra village have told us that it was at this police station that the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa,im Tirot Sing Syiem, was arrested by the French before being taken to Dhaka. The room where Syiem Tirot Singh was buried is still there.
Masharing said why Assam came to put up a sign board at Sabuda when it is still in conflict between Meghalaya and Assam. you are misleading the people".
According to Bah HS Shylla at that time, the agreement with UCIL was only for the construction of the road but through the view of the union in the MOU signed above, UCIL has also been given permission to excavate the mineral along with the construction of the road.
Speech was also delivered by MPCC General Secretary Kong Wansuk Syiem. Congress office bearers from all over the country were also present to commemorate this special day.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Paiem Ainam promised to fulfill the wish of the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun which has been conveyed to the Hima office to provide a playground for the youth within the boundary of the village. Representative.
He said the party has gathered all the District and Block Presidents, some Secretaries of the party to inform the speakers who will deliver speeches at the election campaign rallies in their constituencies.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a special meeting with the World Bank officials from the USA. He said that the council wants to raise awareness among the public about the cleanliness of the community especially in the five districts under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. Special training will be started to be given to the residents of the State to dispose of garbage from their homes or any other area.
On the other hand, the police have been on duty to ensure that there will be no incident.
The road was funded by Japan through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and the work of removing the trees along the road is progressing.
It is also understood that the new family is one that has inspired, nurtured knowledge and understanding in their culture, in which they have encouraged and encouraged them to make a name for themselves in their writing.
The jerseys were launched by the Sports Secretary of the HYC at Malki Stadium, Shillong.
Tura, Nailur 28: The India Youth Congress (INC) in Garo Hills has expressed its full support to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on the government's position on the ILP. IYC TG Momin said the ILP will not help in curbing the influx of foreigners.
I used to play for the Assam Rifles in Happy Valley, Shillong.
I/29-A, dated: 2nd.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Laitsing Shylla, MDC, Bah Moonlight Parait and Bah SM Suna. together with the people of the village.
Currently, they participate in at least 300 tournaments.
The union has already issued letters along with RTI reports on the pollution of drinking water and has also given many suggestions to ensure clean water for the people.
Teachers can benefit from this as it allows them to train themselves according to their own free time.
Regarding the constituencies in the three District Councils, the Cabinet has decided to submit recommendations to the Central Government for KHADC and GHADC.
Thomas said the DCA has sent a letter to all the departments of the State Government and the Central Government stating that if there are tenderers for any job, there is no need for the Trading License of the Districts. Council.
The President said that the goal of women-led development can be implemented if they have the opportunity to vote.
All the members of the CEC and the Presidents and General Secretaries of the District Units, Area Units, Circles and Units across the country are urged to take action on this issue.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Conrad K Sangma today addressed the Zero Hours in the Parliament of India to discuss the floods in the North East and especially the There is a flood in Garo Hills.
There is also a threat to the water wells because sometimes there are invaders who destroy the wells and water pipes inside the forest.
The winners of the tournament received a cash prize of T.40,000 and a trophy and the runners-up received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy.
While this reintroduction is taking place in Kuno, after the cheetahs have started to grow, we can consider reintroducing them in other states like Gujarat, Rajasthan, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.
The selection of 22 students from this university will be a great blessing in which these students will be able to see for themselves the characteristics of this small but developed country. in all directions.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The names of the villages are Nongmluh, Mawphansaw, Mawmynsor, Mawthungmlang, Plangmawprah, Phudumiap, Pyndensynia, Rangkhiat, Langpa, Phudumiap, Newphanwer, Langplei, Ranghiat, Mawthanjiang. wpat, Poodle , Lawsiej, Nongdiloin, Umsaw, Mariem, Demnar, Awro, Marshan, Ngundilang, Nongrinniang, Puinskei, Mawhiangrnga, Mawsiej, Nongtnger, Nongtnger, New Nongtnger, and Mawjarain.
The Committee has directed them to do so as soon as possible to provide the documents.
The influx of people from Shillong is not only from the area but also from West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. they will reach trouble.
This is the best education we can receive.
The inspiration for this work came from the book 'Exam Warriors' written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi which is available in English, Hindi and other languages ​​commonly used in the region. different.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The post of Gramin Dak Sevaks Post-reg is the smallest post in the post office. This post is to deliver letters from the post office to the villages under the post office.
This will also improve the income generation in the North East and assist the DoNER and NEC to develop a framework for the development of the North East in consultation with other groups in the North East. you are in the north.
It is his personal decision whether he joins the BJP to serve the people.
At this meeting, after discussion, it was said that the Congress party is united in Meghalaya and unanimously decided to start working soon for the strengthening of the party to prepare for the The MLA elections will be held in
Shillong, July 02: U Bah Welbirth Rani President of the Federation of Khasi and Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday demanded that the government should immediately arrest those who carried knives in Them Motor for violating the law. law.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this place is not only a medical school but it is a challenge to assist the government in any way to provide health services to the people in the state in health.
The visit of the Prime Minister of India to launch the election campaign for the party shows that the BJP has an intention to develop the state which has been misruled by the party. The Congress has been in power for many years and is now under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit and the Environment Protection Cell of the KSU Sengkmie will hold a public march on the occasion of the World Environment Day on the 5th July. Block Mawkyrwat to Mawkyrwat Market from 11 am.
When the union met with Bah S Syiem Engineer Environment, the union showed the members of the union the documents that the coal mining factory M/s Nimon Enterprise belongs to Ridalin Law and not as alleged by the manager. The factory has denied the allegation.
The visit was led by the Vice President of the party, Bah Sil Masharing. Members of the party, Rangbah Shnong Justine Kharbuki, Assistant Secretary of the party. U Bah Sil urged the residents to turn their attention to the poor household and the government authorities to provide PMAY to the poor household so that they can shelter from the rain and the floods. day.
Through this statement, the union also warns against those who are willing to support drug traffickers and also to all drug traffickers who are willing to involve the youth in the area in the trap of drug addiction.
At present, many cows without a tag are still allowed to enter.
On this occasion, Ms. Y Sohtun, who is in charge of soybean and jhur cultivation in West Khasi Hills District, explained in detail the plan to be successful in
The police and central government troops currently in the state are still too insufficient to curb insurgency as many of them have been used to carry out their daily duties.
The HYC has promised that the Minister of Education will take action on this issue faced by the children and teachers.
These things happened because of the government's mistrust of South West Khasi Hills District and as the union we want to say that the government should take responsibility for this.
The categories of the award are ‘Best Media Coverage in Yoga in Newspaper’, ‘Best Media Coverage in Yoga in Electronic Media (TV)’ and ‘Best Media Coverage in Yoga in Electronic Media (Radio)’.
Anyone who has any complaint against the order issued by the Hima Sohra and the Dorbar can appeal to the Ingbishar or the relevant authorities, he said.
According to the rule, those who get married after the 5th of this month have to collect the form at the cost of 10 tyngka from the appointed officers with their photograph within 60 days. From the day of marriage, the law does not prohibit even those who have been married before to register.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: There are 33 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in West Khasi Hills and 3 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are currently 271 cases.
He said the Meghalaya Games were last held in 2006 and after 13 years the government will revive them in preparation for the national games.
Lilydora Kharkongor has received the Best Performing ASHA award in Mawryngkneng Block in the year 2015-16, for her voluntary contribution to the health sector.
The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government has spoken to the Uttarakhand government to get information regarding Tiklu Jyrwa in connection with this tragic incident.
He said that the Government authorities in Delhi have asked many questions on the powers of the Kurs – in the Khadar administration and asked whether there are any laws that define the Kurs enacted by the authorities. The Chairman of the District Council, on the other hand, informed the Government authorities in Delhi that until today we have only one Act relating to the registration of jait and a copy of this Act has been sent to the authorities in Delhi. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act 1997' which was passed by the Lat on 25th February, 2005' and the Rules and Regulations of the Nongstoin Hima 2006 and Maharam Hima Accession and Annexed Agreement, dated 17 August 1948, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of India, handed over a copy of the White Paper on Indian States to the Government authorities. to the authorities in Delhi that even after the Sixth Schedule, and the State itself, the people are still protesting on many issues until today because the Government of India has not been able to fulfill the promises as made. The Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement, dated 17 August 1948, and requested the New Delhi Government to take action to fulfill these promises, so that it may be a protection for the minorities.
The number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 has risen to 543, the total number of recoveries has risen to 173. The number of recoveries has risen to .
Regarding the MDC candidates of Jaiaw and Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Thomas Passah and Rocky Hek are still the same and there has been no change, said Pyndapborthiaw Saibon, President of KHNAM. a statement sent today.
Shillong, July 7 : The Director in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, Prabin Bakshi has sent a directive to all the Deputy Commissioners of Jowai, Khliehriat, Nongpoh, Mawkyrwat, Tura, Shillong and Nongstoin. Ampati, Resubelpara, and to the SDOs of Dadenggre, Amlaram, Sohra and Mairang to register their names on the ration cards.
Which is with rape cases.
wgh-meg@Gov.
Mittal said this will open up many opportunities for the people, especially in the rural areas.
Answering a supplementary question by Amapreen Lyngdoh, Prestone said that there is no such thing as light, but there is only the distribution of light to those who are entitled to it, but the fee. meter, the light bill that users have to pay.
Mawphlang, Nailar 10: Hindu devotees today held a march from Shillong to Mawsynram on foot.
All these speakers expressed the need to preserve their traditional religion which they still hold to this day.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah EL Nongrang, MDC of Mairang, on Tuesday said that farmers have improved the income of the state. held in Mariang on the day of the bar.
It is customary for us to think of our families, but we should also think of society.
At the same time, Bah Shangpliang urged the parents to encourage their children not to drop out of school only part-time and the MC should look into this. on those who are suffering so that I can provide assistance.
Boro, 27, from Assam, formerly played for Oil India and then joined Churchill Brother Football Club.
The most famous stories are about the hero Birsa Munda, who lived a simple life, but who was determined to drive out the French who invaded in the past hundreds of years; and another story is about an English girl who deceived a shepherd just because of the sounds of her voice.
Jowai, Nailar 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the death of a Khasi family in Bhuban Hills, Cachar Hills District. The landslide occurred due to the heavy rainfall in the village.
The meeting was also attended by many government officials from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur, Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh and other states. Jammu & Kashmir.
The strike lasted for two hours from 3 pm to 5 pm.
JD Rymbai has won three terms as MLA from Jirang Constituency, four times from the Congress party and once from the UDP party. chief minister of the state.
The CEM said that we still have to hold on to the customs and traditions, we still have to hold on to the dignity and manners, but to say that to ensure the rights of women and make your voice heard by women is necessary. Therefore, women should not be silenced, but should have a place to allow them to express their views.
"We also send a clear statement to the Government, if you cannot give us a promise, the party will not allow you to proceed with the railway to enter the state and especially in East Jaintia Hills," he added.
However, what is shocking is that on such vehicles, the equipment has been seen with the inscription “donated by u or ka” and the JSU is strongly opposed. The JSU has criticized the JSU for writing on these types of vehicles because it is not that the leaders give from their own plans, but through schemes which are the rights of the people. They don't understand whether it was provided through the People's Scheme or donated by the leaders from their own funds.
The GEC will discuss issues related to the Jaidbynriew as well as issues of the party that have already been taken and will be taken.
However, if the same incident happens to the students of the state especially the students from the rural areas, it will put in great trouble the students of the state, especially at this time when the state and the country as a whole is suffering due to the spread of COVID-1
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Round X, said that he has spoken to the relevant authorities of the Ministry of External Affairs to ensure that the Meghalayans are protected and that they can return home. house with peace and happiness.
Other leaders who spoke at the rally included HNYF Secretary Sadon Blah, AYWO Secretary Sengbath Chambugong, RBYF President Lang Sawkmie, GSU ​​President Tengsal G Momin and Wellbirth Rani President. All these speakers expressed their opposition to the CAB of the Central Government and said that it is a disease for the children. All the speakers said that they will oppose the CAB if the Central Government passes the Bill in the Rajya Sabha.
Those who pass through this road are the four villages of Pala, Kseh, Khahnar and Mooknor, and they have also informed the PWD department that they are ready to provide land if necessary for the maintenance and repair of this road.
These robbers not only disrupt the peace and order but also rob women and children in the area.
The second place went to West Khasi Hills District with one gold and silver medal each.
Alan said that as one of the leaders of the region who is fighting for the development of tourism in the region, Sohra is the home of the state. state.
On the other hand, the Governor expressed his satisfaction with the talks between the government and the civil society and said that there will be a way to resolve this issue.
Once the Cryogenic Oxygen Plant is installed at Umsawli, the oxygen concentrators will be taken from the Civil Hospital Shillong and installed in other CHCs as one oxygen concentrator can accommodate up to 25 beds.
When the government and district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District have not been able to provide complete peace to the area.
Shillong, March 28: The East Khasi Hills Police Department on Saturday held the 1st Meghalaya Police Badminton Tournament with 27 participants from all districts of the state.
At all times, we have always expressed the desire for peace and harmony throughout the world and among all peoples.
Giving advice to political parties, candidates and speakersNo advice should be given on the basis of caste/ ethnic prejudices of the voters.
SP Shillong City Vivek Syiem said it is true that police have arrested Bhaskar. 58 GTC in Happy Valley.
The program was held at Amlarem Community Hall. The program was also attended by youths from different villages of the area. .
Many school children from different schools of Jowai came to watch these films.
Speaking on the occasion, Rev B Wahlang, one of the elders of Nongwah Mawtamur, said that their ancestors had told them that this area falls under the Hima Sohiong, but this has remained only a rumor because they don't have it. There are no documents to prove that and the state of Assam from time to time comes to conduct this raid Nongwah Mawtamur.
Officials from the Rural Development Department of the Union Government were in Nongstoin to inaugurate the implementation of the DBT in the district.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the elders who met at the site said that the inscription on these stones is from 1784 to 1926 and it is estimated that the dates are written. by the chiefs of the Hima Shyllong which was divided between the Hima Mylliem and Khyriem.
He said that these three new laws relating to illegal activities have replaced the faith in the law that punishes by promoting the rehabilitation and the working methods that help the victims.
To explain the fate of tomorrow is very difficult.
“Wherever you are, please come home if I as a brother speak, come home,” said the brother to her sister.
At this meeting, the political parties were asked to assist in the registration of people whose names have not yet been registered on the electoral roll.
The NPP leader said that the claim that the Congress party has been destroyed is not true, this party has ruled the country and the state for many years how can they destroy this party.
Regarding the improvement of the road from Umtyngar to Sohra which started in November, the residents of Sohra want the government to start this work for the benefit of the people. local people and visitors.
The road from Umsherpi to Pomlum will be four lane and from Pomlum to Tamabil will be two lane.
K Munusamy, Tmt.
Most of the actors in the film are from Meghalaya, Assam and Nagaland.
The Sixth Schedule is only one of the departments of the State Government and the Government of India through the Governor of the State and has nothing to do with the provisions of the agreements and commitments under the IOA & AA of the Khasi States. The Government of India has not completed and implemented the work until today, as we have expressed and continue to do for more than twenty years, recently in a letter of recommendation, to the SKNSBH and the leaders of the civil society, we have made it clear that The Heads of District Councils, who are all the Heads of Political Parties registered under the provisions of the Government of India, are not the Heads of the Khasi States. Furthermore, a recent letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, through a letter dated January 2016, has clarified that the Sixth Schedule does not have a clear role in the IOA & AA. to protect the special rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people on land, forests, waters, rivers, mineral resources, boundaries, administration, customs and justice, so It is important and necessary for the children of thousands to unite on this issue because this issue will affect the nation if we are wrong especially when we see the words that came out of the letter from the MHA and also the recent signs that are ready to come to further violate our rights.
: The Electricity Distribution Department of the State Government has taken a difficult decision to reduce the loss of Aggregate Technical and Commercial (AT&C).
He said the Election Commission is trying to ensure that the elections in the state in the coming months will be fair and orderly.
Khongthaw said that these wooden bridges have been inherited from the past and the land owners have taken care of them, but now the government has invited those experts from abroad to explain. Your presence without consulting the owners of the land.
After meeting with the Executive Committee, we have informed the KHADC. the authorities of the village.
All the requirements for the construction of the C&RD Block in Wapung have been provided by the two Dorbar Shnongs-Wapungskur and Wapungshnong since June last year according to the request of the government.
Bhuyan said this would lead to an increase in the value of income from LIC, but at the same time the corporation would benefit only if the policies were introduced after 57 years.
The residents of Amlarem Civil Sub Division of West Jaintia Hills District have requested the PWD to repair the road immediately.
Maybe this will come up at the next meeting.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has discussed the issue of EPIC of Pappu Das.
As the party, we appeal to all the citizens of the State to be vigilant and not to allow us to fall into the trap of those who try to steal not only our soul but our identity.
The celebration will start at 10 pm with a wreath laying ceremony at Mut Tirot followed by public meetings in the presence of Bah Samlin Malngiang Minister, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Dy.CEM and others. The King and the Ministers were the chief priests.
The HYC also suggested to the committee that the Rangbah Shnong should set a rule in terms of educational qualifications and in any case the Rangbah Shnong should have passed class X and above.
The Minister said that many government departments do not have the rules of procedure in government offices and the MPSC is one of those which does not have the rules of procedure for the employees inside the office. The Cabinet has approved the rules of procedure.
In this regard, it is planned to achieve the objectives of the department through the collaboration with the State Governments and UT authorities implementing these schemes.
The Government of Meghalaya has set a target of planting about 10 million trees in 2019 according to the statement of the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Police have arrested seven persons from Byrnihat Police Station for possession of counterfeit currency. Assam.
The Crafts Bazaar showcased handicrafts from all over India including One District One Product (ODOP), GI certified handicrafts and handicrafts made by indigenous peoples and women. .
Babu Kular Khongjirem, one of the deficit teachers, said that if this is the new salary rule, they expect that the teachers will receive the same monthly salary as the government employees.
The total number of cases is 963, from East Khasi Hills 599, BSF 104, civilians 376 and Army 119, West Khasi Hills 18, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi Jaintia Hills 8, West Garo Hills 221, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 3 and North Garo Hills
Some Jaidbynriew has had to fight from time to time against the invaders who have taken over our land, we don't need to accept tens of thousands of mynder to come and attack us. covered the Jaidbynriew of only 13 lakh.
Tura, July 23: A soldier of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) has escaped from the Tura Hospital. Sangma was arrested on the 18th of this month.
He said that the residents of these areas are only Pnars and the census, customs and traditions, language and everything else is still from the Khasi-Pnar census. The villages and townships which have been in existence for hundreds of years, if an inspection is conducted, it will be found that they are the Pnars.
In another announcement, Prime Minister Duh said that the Prime Minister's Poor Welfare Anna Yojna will continue till Deepawali.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that there are 17 vacancies for the rank of MPS and these have been invited by the MPSC, while applications have been invited by the Meghalaya Central Recruitment Board (MCRB). ) had to be suspended due to the outbreak of COVID-1
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Deputy Commissioner of Jowai, Jowai, on Tuesday said that from tonight onwards, the government has announced that it will no longer be possible to exchange old notes of 500 and 1000 rupees. you have to deposit them in the banks.
The AIPC has about 8000 members across India and many of the AIPC members are in various positions. Prof Streamlet Dkhar has been elected as the Chairperson. Lucky Kharpuri as Vice Chairperson, Alvareen Dkhar as Secretary.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Eulalia said, “The journey is not easy, but if you believe in yourself and work hard you will be able to reap the fruits of victory.
The HNLC said that what Fedrick Kharmawphlang Vice President of the KSU and 13 other youths have joined the HNLC and at the same time invites others to join the KSU. Bah Nongtraw said that the party will fight for the land of the Hynniewtrep people.
If people are not educated, not healthy, then the home or the country will not be happy.
It may be recalled that the PHE has informed the public that it will supply water from the newly constructed water pipes, so the water that the public will get will not be fresh and this happened in on Tuesdays and Fridays, while on Thursdays and Saturdays it was closed.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that during the investigation, a case has been registered at Umiam Police Station under Section 120B/506/3 Four persons have been arrested under Section 10/13/17/18 of the UA (P), Act. .
Shillong, November 29: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Spokesperson of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC), on Tuesday said that the government's closure of the MCCL is a political ploy.
On the other hand, even when he was the General Secretary of the KSU, he used to say that talks should be called to the peace table. He said that if the UDP comes to power in 2018 as a people's leader, he wants the government to be a government of peace. readily if the rebel groups are willing to come to the peace talks table.
Officers of the Water Resources Department gave a Power Point on the draft water policy prepared by the Water Resources Department.
Speaking at a press conference at the ground floor of the institute today, Sreenivasulu said that MSMEs are now present in all the states and Union Territories and are the second largest in terms of employment opportunities. it does not provide post-agricultural employment in the country.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that he is pleased to see that all those who have been sent for special training in the SF-10 in Nagaland have completed the training. the state.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station together with ANTF East Jaintia Hills District immediately conducted a search operation and arrested Hussain.
During the ceremony, the 2233 Field Battery of India will fire a 21 Gun Salute.
Speech was also delivered by Rev B Syiem, Chairman of MATTI. The beneficiaries are 12 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 5 from West Jaintia Hills. Ri Bhoi District, West Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District received one each.
GM (HR), Shivendra Nath, PGM(CM), D.Giri, Sr.
The letter was sent by the DC of East Jaintia Hills on the protest of nine organizations against the government's decision not to allow coal factories to import coal from abroad.
This request of the Dorbar Diengiei office bearers came after the residents of Mawlaingut village have been facing traffic jam which lasts for 3 and 4 hours a day due to the parking of trucks passing by. Through the Mawmaram, Mawmih to Mawlyndep road until you reach Lad Umsaw, the Damsite bridge is still under repair.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: In a statement sent to the media, police have arrested Osternic Marbaniang, 34, on a complaint filed at Shella. Police Station and allegedly involved in the murder of Ishan Singh and Sobir Dutta in Ichamati.
The three-day exhibition started on the 19th and will end on the 21st March 2022. The exhibition is organized by the Shillong Agri Horticulture Society.
Pynsngngianlang Syiem recalled that during his tenure as CEM of KHADC, the jaidbynriew had faced many problems in relation to the posts of Rangbah Shnong in The KHADC has appealed to the Supreme Court against the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya.
During these two nights, the police will conduct checkpoints at all places to check the drivers and arrest drunk drivers. that driver.
As of the end of the month, the percentage of information submission for GSTR-3B in June 2022 was 84.7% compared to 78.3% in June 2021 and the percentage of information submission for GSTR - 1 in June 2022 was 83.11% compared to 73.9% in June
The decision we have taken is to join the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has a strong foundation like the HSPDP and the leadership within the VPP is strong as we have seen in these months. and months, all over the country, the people of Hynniewtrep have given their support to the VPP.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Director of Rural Development, Sibhi C Sadhu said that the Department of Rural Development wants to implement the DBT in all the blocks in the state so that the daily wages will be reduced. will be paid directly into the accounts of the persons.
If the government forces us to work at the price of 2012-2013, we will not be able to work well.
After this, they will hold a meeting to see if there is any complaint or not and if there is no complaint, they will pay the land fee to the owners.
In order to bring peace and order in the village, he said, according to the agreement in 2010, it will be canceled by finding a suitable burning ground so that the slowly slowly.
According to a statement sent by the Secretary of the village, Du Myrchiang, the loss of the transformer has caused a power outage in the village for many days.
This film is the first film made for any village and has been produced by the people of Mawlai.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Umroi MLA on the lack of information by the MLAs on what the government is doing, the Minister said that the MLAs have taken this suggestion. When asked by Charles Pyngrope MLA Ningthymmai whether the government has set the rules, the Minister replied that the government has complied with the Solid Waste Management Rule
Lakshmibai of Jhansi.
Another source of income for KHADC is that there are allocations that should be received from the government. He said that the government has released this even during the COVID-19 pandemic. He expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister of the State despite the fact that there is still a lot of money.
Therefore, we found that this order should be repealed and the meeting agreed that this order should be repealed immediately,” he said.
On this occasion, the President of the KSU said that as a nation, we are a small nation which is still low in population.
The school has sent 43 students to sit for the SSLC examination and all of them have passed the examination out of which 14 are males and 29 are females.
Out of the 36 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the PDF has so far announced the names of 22 candidates to contest the elections and it is understood that it will soon release the names of the candidates. which are still valid.
KSU Jaintia Hills Unit believes that through this Behdienkhlam, it will be a sign of unity as one small nation in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum. Hynniewskum should be lovers of their own nation.
Shillong, March 01: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today led the cleanliness drive around the Raj Bhavan Shillong to commemorate the invitation of the Prime Minister of India to the ' OneDate, One Hour, OneTogether'
Shillong, Nailur 26: The UDP Mawsynram Circle Youth Wing today visited Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA of Shillong West Constituency who is also the Working President of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The residents of Lady Veronica Lane together with the leaders of Bethany Society, Bansara Eye Care, Mary Rice Center for Special Education, St. Edmund College and Asian Confluence today expressed their protest against the incident. on the government's plan to relocate the land vendors from Laitumkhrah Main Road to Lady Veronica Lane.
Besides the President, other office bearers of MGA are Francis Marwein as Chairman, JR Marak as Working President, Betterfield Mukhim and ER Malngiang as Vice President. Lucy Mary Malngiang as General Secretary, Rida Lyndem and Connifer V Kharchandy as Joint Secretary. Other office bearers of the party are Moirangthem Rustum Singh, Idalin Malngiang, Arwan Kharpuri and seven other office bearers of the party. .
These are only from those who are 21 years or older.
Shri Raashid Alvi, Ex-MP, expressed this view during a meeting with Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB. Khasi States.
The death toll from the disease is 17, East Jaintia Hills 38, East Khasi Hills 1075, Eastern West Khasi Hills 8, North Garo Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 98, South Garo Hills 13, South West Garo Hills , South West Khasi Hills 20, West Garo Hills 80, West Jaintia Hills 139, West Khasi Hills 76 persons.
According to information received today, at about 3.45 pm, three persons fell on the ground after the explosion. They were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong and one of them died. Dinesh Nonglang, 37, of Mawlai Umjaiur, died on the way to Civil Hospital Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Rimpu, the leader of the ANVC(B) in a statement today, alleged that the police's attack on the insurgents is due to the presence of members of the ANVC(B). The GNLA is in the police station.
Siju PHC has been selected for the Best Performing PHC award in South Garo Hills under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme and Baghmara Civil Hospital has been awarded the Best Performing District Hospital in the state under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme. Insurance Scheme.
In the meeting today, Samla Banshai Marbaniang, President FKJGP Mawsynram Circle, expressed his concern about the problems faced by the people from time to time especially for those families who do not receive food aid scheme. elderly, assistance for the disabled, widows and other benefits that they receive whenever there is a delay in paying money into their accounts which takes months to They have withdrawn the money they have deposited into their own account.
However, due to the strength of the Bih, he died at 3 pm inside the Government Hospital in Ialong.
She also spoke about the measures taken by the central government to eradicate tuberculosis in PHCs and Health and Wellness Centers (HWCs).
He is the head of the security agency called Colonel Shishupal Security Consultancy and Service (CSSC) in the state.
The HYC Mawlai Circle has expressed its opposition to the proposal to build a market in the area known as Law Syiem. The main reason is that it does not want the water source like Umsohlang to become a market. The residents of Mawlai Village through the construction of this market.
“In the past, there was a perception that the villages in the rural areas were the last villages of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 01: A petrol bomb has exploded at the CrPF camp at Mawlai Bridge at 7.45 pm today.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, in reply to a question by Bah Process T Sawkmie on the allocation of funds by the Punjab Government to the people in Them Motor, on the other hand, the Minister said in the House that there has been a lack of funds from the Punjab government and this happened in 2015 and
Shillong, July 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the shortage of lights in Narpuh area.
At this meeting, they decided that for the development works on the border coming from the Central Government should not be carried out in the areas where there is dispute after discussion between the two sides. State Governments so that the people do not lose the benefits in terms of development projects.
This is a major flaw in the actions to ensure the safety of Prime Minister Duh.
The information that they are khatsaw, khatsaw is from a matter of unreliability, but what happened is that the Lamphang made a mistake when he voted on the day of election for the CEM, this is what he made a mistake. .
If the Government of India and the State have the time and money to spend on intimidating, intimidating and misleading the people, why doesn't the Government spend its time and resources on other development projects such as the construction of wind and solar power generation technologies, which are also clean and environmentally friendly forms of energy.
Replying to a question regarding the Meghalayan Age Festival, which will be held at Thadlaskein in West Jaintia Hills District, Dr Muku said it is up to the government to think how to do it. and this festival, but what has happened is that almost all the states in India have suspended all public gatherings due to the Coronavirus.
Shillong, July 25: Answering a question by PN Syiem on the revenue collection, the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Gigur Myrthong, said that in the year 2019-2 to T.17,87,13,074/-.
However, here in Meghalaya in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills, the land tenure within the state is based on the customs and traditions of the Federation of Khasi States, including the Khasi, Jaintia and Jaintia Hills. and Garo Hills in Meghalaya, according to our rights the land belongs to the people.
So far, the Police have not arrested anyone involved in the petrol bomb blast around Shillong.
The education department of the Meghalaya government does not have a vision for the thousands of students of the state who leave Jaintia Hills every year, or the government itself does not want to do anything about it. part of their bit.
Through this scheme, a tyngdong lyer will be provided in the name of the mother and for those who have to receive a new tyndong lyer, there will also be a donation of T.1600/- tyngka. they shall be able to pay the cost of obtaining the air conditioner and stoves for use.
Jowai, July 27: Several office buildings of the District Transport Officer Jowai have been damaged in a fire on Monday night due to a short circuit in the light, said the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills. District.
However, it is understood that the meeting was to discuss how to elect a president.
Charles Marngar won the seat without any opposition.
The Chief Minister said that this decision was taken to implement the CrPC and CPC across the state, after the separation of the powers of the Court from the powers of the government under sub-section ( 2) of Section 1 of the Code of Criminal Procedure
So far, 32401 samples have been taken, 31085 have tested negative and 750 results have been received. The total number of returnees is 23706 people.
The union said that most of the government's income is through these thew sites, so the government should award contracts only for the construction of thew sites and once completed the government should run the they shall not be handed over to the private sector.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) and the Joint Coordination Committee of Commercial Vehicles (JCCCV) have held a meeting to discuss and exchange views on the issue of Tourist Tax and Local Taxis. Meghalaya has been affected by the floods.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Director General of Police, Dr. Laija Ram Bishnoi, IPS, today said that the police have found that the stone throwing in Tura was aimed at injuring the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Through the videos, it was found that there were 26 people who incited the people to disturb.
“For now I want this case to be handed over to someone who has nothing to do with my father,” said Deviani Singh.
The Prime Minister said that the policy prepared by the government will be suitable for the youth according to the present era.
The protest can also be from the police if they are not allowed to form their own party.
At the Y20 Summit, India will not only speak, but will also provide an opportunity for young people from around the world to be heard in the largest democracy among young leaders who hold the future in in their hands.
Ma Piwel Shylla, Working President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, gave a speech on the working methods of the party.
IPAC Meghalaya Media on Twitter said that the AITC party leaders have visited these villages and during this visit they have met with the residents and talked to them regarding the land dispute in these villages. you're hidden.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The first meeting of the Executive Committee of the North Eastern Forum for Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) held in Shillong on Wednesday. “They will continue to oppose any laws that affect the people of the North East,” said Convener Ningthouja Lancha.
At the same time, he said that the T.1.12 crore which has already been distributed to some villages is the good that has been distributed by the CEM of KHADC. The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Y Tsering and other government officials today laid a wreath at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi.
At this public meeting, the President of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit, Dr WR Kharlukhi welcomed Bah Wailad Shylla as the NPP candidate from Jowai Constituency. to contest from Mokaiaw constituency.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya People's United Forum (MPUF) has launched a protest in Jowai to demand the removal of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. “The party will continue to protest,” said Hamwere Bhoi, president of the Laskein Unit.
However, we cannot end there, without singing and eating and drinking, to rejoice in the blessings of Him who prolongs life for the happiness of the community.
The Sub-Committee is headed by Bah PN Syiem as Chairman, Bah L Blah as Vice Chairman. N King and Bah HJ Schemlon.
Shillong, March 31: The National People's Party (NPP) today appointed Prestone Tynsong as the State President of the party in Meghalaya. you don't have a party or a national position.
The party urges the authorities to take action against those involved according to the rules of law.
The Chairman of the NCA said that he invites the players from this region to play against the teams from Mumbai, this will help them in many ways due to the difference in the ground from one place to another. place.
On this occasion, writings and information on the Holy Law of Mawphlang Hima, the Holy Law of Lyngiong Hima and the Holy Law of Lyngdoh Nongkrem were distributed.
3,800 vaccinations had been administered as of 6pm today.
Other speakers at the confirmation ceremony were Bah K Thongni Vice President, Bah Lurshai Rympei, Bah Cyprian Dkhar General Secretary of the party. Thank you Mr. BM Kharwanlang.
Bah Nongrum said that they are not against the creation of the constituency anymore but what they are against is the abolition of the Laitkroh constituency.
The union has given 100 days to remove the branch manager from the branch.
He said that the government has not violated any rules but has followed the rules and regulations of the Language Act
All the members of the group have held a two-day protest in Delhi to demand their own state and today the President of the HSPDP, Bah Pangniang, has sent a letter to the President of the NFNS. the party will only be in this group.
This is to express our opposition to the CAB,
On this occasion, Bah Ransom as part of his support to this group, donated money.
The PMMY was launched in 2015 and provides loans of up to T.10 lakh without collateral, and this loan is provided through Member Lending Institutions (MLIs): Scheduled Commercial Bank (SCB), Regional Rural Bank (RRB), Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) and Micro Finance Institutions (MFI).
Before meeting with the party workers, Praful Patel laid the foundation stone for the construction of the NCP office at Bivar Road in the presence of State President Saleng K Sangma and others. you are the leader of the party.
Pachuau said that initially those who use drugs do not want to become addicts but just to apply peer pressure or to relieve their grief.
During the 1971 war, the Pakistani troops tried to occupy the area for three hours.
The President of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPP) Ri-bhoi District, Dr. Ribhoi District, said that the loadshading in Ri-Bhoi District is excessive.
Police suspect that the incident was carried out by terrorists.
Meghalaya is the bottom of Group B while Manipur is the bottom of Group A. The match between these two states in the final will be very interesting.
He said that if the area is not repaired now, the danger will be during the harvesting season.
Shillong, March 05: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to nominate an MDC candidate for the mid-term elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC. for the election to the Legislative Assembly to be held in early
As it is now, what is more serious is that the nation is in danger of being overwhelmed by the high paid.
The four MDCs who joined the BJP today are Bah Neil Antonio War MDC of Laitumkhrah in the KHADC, who is also the EM in the EC who resigned from the Congress. on the grounds that the Congress has expelled Bah PN Syiem without any reason.
Thus, the Ayushman App is open to Jan Bhagidari.
Despite the heavy rain, it was witnessed that members of the HYC accompanied Bah Synrem before he entered the police station where the police did not allow the members to enter the police station grounds. but they were commanded to wait outside the gate.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma against Bah Wikiru Shylla, a teacher at the Lower Primary School. Larnai, who said that he teaches only 33 days a year despite receiving a monthly salary.
“The purpose of this program is to keep clean in the homes or inside the village and not to throw garbage on the streets or in the streets to bring about a clean environment for the future.
This was announced by KSU General Secretary Mansaljune Kharhari and Johnmilton Shangdiar President KSU Sanshnong Area Unit.
The Chief Secretary, Sikkim took part in the meeting through video conferencing and briefed the Committee on the current situation in the state.
Online systems such as COWIN and digital certificates are seen as success stories around the world today.
These items were carried by people with the intention of going to Bangladesh. When the BSF troops chased them, they broke the items and fled to Bangladesh. The seized weapons were sent to the Pynursla Police Station.
It has been directed that all those who go to get their Aadhar photographs must bring with them their EPIC photographs, a letter from the MLA and government officers as proof of their citizenship.
In this interview, the police said that they have arrested them on the suspicion that they are not the murderers, but what they have told the media that they are the murderers.
Dungeon Runner, 2
Police said gunmen stopped them at Damal Asim village and took them to Dipogre area.
Financial assistance and scholarships have also been provided to the youth and students with disabilities so that they can get education without any difficulty, he said.
During the conversation with Bah Skendrowell, he met with the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Phrestar Syiemlieh who is still the Syiem.
Have you, the market dwellers, who are our brothers and sisters, been able to make you apply for a trading license to a foreigner? If you are misled, we feel sorry to say that there is still time for you to turn around, but if it is your will, know that the story of the bsein, which when it is old, turns around. it shall come upon you.
Strong dedication, selflessness and tireless struggle for justice and freedom.
Lapynhunlang Khongngaiñ tied for 13 runs out of
They are, one is the implementation of the ILP and the other is the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Before the cleaning ceremony, a short meeting was led by Bah.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills has sent a letter to the government today to these nine organizations for the information of these organizations.
The construction of the oxygen pipes at the Civil Hospital is to provide for the sick especially in the fight against COVID-19 and this will also be to facilitate the hospital if there is a need for oxygen. to take care of the sick.
Shillong, Lber 10: The 10th Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Seping was held at Jaiaw Golf Link Presbyterian Church on this day. bad Jaintia.
At the end of the celebration, the Rangbah Kur of Warjri including Bah George A Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P Barkos O Warjri, Bah RV Warjri, Bah Kestar Warjri and other Rangbah Kur of Warjri. parent company.
The band consists of vocalist Doug Robb, guitarist Dan Estrin, drummer Chris Hesse and bassist Josh Moreau.
In a meeting with the Director of DSEL, JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang said that the discussion was satisfactory and the Director of DSEL has sent a report to the government for action.
The recipients of this award include Overland Kharumnuid (Political Science Department) 2018, Eshalness Lyngdoh (Khasi Department) The chief guest of the meeting gave words of encouragement to the students who are currently studying at the college.
“How can we take part in this special session because I have received only 20 minutes before the start of the special session,” said Bah Titos.
Delip Jaswal said that the Prime Minister of Manipur will also visit Manipur in these days. He said that the Central Government is deeply concerned about the incident in Manipur. love the eastern part of India.
The meeting was conducted by Daniel Kharbani, General Secretary KSU Sawmer Unit. Daniel Khyriem, President KSU CEC was the chief guest and Kitbok Dkhar, Ex-Education Secretary KSU CEC. he became the symbol of the conference.
The duties of the ministers are as follows in the room.
On the other hand, Bah Paul urged the public and various organizations if they have any information about the illegal trade to inform the KHADC and the KHADC officials will take the necessary action accordingly. the law.
Parents should pray for their children every day that they will not reach the wrong age.
Congress leaders Mallikarjun Kharge, Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and Treasurer Ajay Maken told reporters in Delhi to condemn the government's action. They have alleged that the BJP has misused the Income Tax Department.
Tura, July 30: The Garo Hills State Movement today held a rally in West Garo Hills at Kherapara to demand for the Garo State which the party has been demanding from time to time.
The CPC has also spoken to the Shillong Municipal and MeECL to ensure that the street lights are adequate as many festivals like Diwali and Christmas have come in the future.
The Chief Minister said that the fight against COVID-19 is not over yet. The Chief Minister said that the prayers of the people have been accepted and heard. protect against COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, one of the youths of the FKJGP, has received the National Youth Awards from the hands of the President of India, Pranap Mukherjee. The award ceremony was held at Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang. It is a great honor for the Jaitbynriew and the State as a whole for his contribution to the society in the field of education. Mother by giving a special recognition to this young leader who has worked hard to bring about many changes in the society through his voluntary services for more than 12 years.
We don't want to interfere with the investigation of the police but we feel that we cannot accept it because he is an elderly man who has worked with me for 20 years.
Other speakers included Marbut Dkhar, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Kong Jop Shylla, all of whom expressed their regret over this incident and alleged that this is due to the failure of the government.
The MJCTU at its 7th meeting decided to send a petition to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and others in authority to look into these issues according to their work. that the discussion will be held today at this meeting.
Many of the people living on the border with Assam have accepted this statement of the Prime Minister in 2012 because all the villages bordering Assam are lagging behind in all aspects of development. that par.
At the same time, Commander Shangpliang urged the people to support the UDP party which has youth leaders like Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Donkupar Roy. and Bah BM Lanong and hoped that they will be able to do something for the country and the nation and to free the nation from the exploiters.
The state police had been following the Assam Riffle soldier for a long time and in due course they arrested him along with the heroins from their body.
He also served as the Secretary General of the North East Students' Union (NERSU) during these years.
Referring to the challenges in delivering development projects to the tribals, the Minister said that compared to other tribals in the state, they are selfless and responsible in whatever they do.
Now they say (take decision) it has been published for six years.
The inclusion of Nicotine Replacement Therapy (NRT) in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government is one of the welcome measures to prevent the harm to those who use tobacco.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, read out the message of condolences from the Chief Minister. With great sadness, this death is a great loss not only to the family but to the state.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Daniel Stone Lyngdoh has written a book entitled “Ka Phan Nonglait – A Lady Freedom Fighter of India”. released on 29 June 2022 has further reinforced the urgency of the recognition.
Mr. Sngewbhalang Dhar received his degree in Power, Home (Jail) and Legal Metrology.
The States have also been directed to monitor the mortality rate in each hospital, to improve the working methods to reduce the delay in referral of patients to hospitals and non-compliance with the National Clinical Management Protocol.
According to the residents of Shiliang Mynsar, Iooksi, they have faced a lot of suffering because they have to walk on the bridge built only of wood. and which is not sure which cannot be covered at any time when there is heavy rainfall during the rainy season.
We must focus on the call to do more than just fulfill our assigned mission.
Replying to the Zero Hours, the members of the House demanded that an inquiry be sent to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to find out the facts. The CEM said the Executive Committee will meet today and tomorrow morning will bring an official resolution in the House to take a decision to send an inquiry to the CBI. In response, the CEM said, “This is not a thylliej”. “This matter should be investigated.” “Those who are involved will be involved,” he said. “It is no longer the time to play with the jaidbynriew”. “If I can't stand it, but now the jaidbynriew is in struggle, on the part of MUDA, the British Land Area, the Dorbar Shnong, regarding these struggles. The Khasi people must stand firm"
This scheme has helped many day laborers.
Samla Banshai Marbaniang together with Samla Morgan Lyngdoh President HYC Mawsynram Circle urged the MePDCL department to provide clarification on this matter and MePDCL agreed to attend the meeting as scheduled. The electrical consumers within the division should be provided with electricity without stinging or discriminating against them so that it does not cause any problems.
Shillong, July 18: Police in Ri Bhoi District today received a tip from truck drivers that there are robbers from trucks on the Shillong-Guwahati highway. near Saiden.
Most of the discussion was on the PMGSY roads and at this meeting the Minister directed the PWD officials to ensure that the works should go smoothly. as you have already paid to the contacts to work.
As part of the presentation on EMF radiation, K. Sri Krishna, DDG Mizoram, DoT, North East LSA, spoke on the need for mobile phones today.
Referring to Wahumkhrah, he said it is sad to see that this famous river has now turned into a stream.
Shillong, March 12: The no confidence motion against the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM has been rejected in the House. that the MDCs have no support for it.
During the meeting, the problems faced by the light users were discussed.
The State Government has received T.3.5 crore from the PM Care to be spent on those employees and the expenditure for this has already been paid in full in terms of the money coming from the PM Care. office of the Prime Minister of India.
He said that Jan Aushadhi Kendras will now be more widespread in rural areas through cooperatives and in the coming days, the poor will get good medicines at affordable prices.
The counseling time for NEET UG and PG is announced by the MCC on its website on the basis of the completion of the examination and the allocation of seats by the National Medical Commission (NMC).
Mayborn said the government has spent up to T.14 crore on festivals alone.
The HNLC leader said that what happened in Kashmir, Manipur or Assam is the inability of the Government of India to bring all the rebel parties to the table of talks if the Government wants. talks with the HNLC are ready.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, promised to take care of many of the activities of the Association. He said that only through the spirit of cooperation can all the problems be overcome and sports activities in the State be promoted.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports said that Meghalaya is now on the verge of holding other major sports tournaments in the future.
Bah Iangjuh said that when he was MLA of Mawsynram constituency he was ready to build this bridge and he sought research experts from companies because the PWD (Raods) does not have its own. However, when he searched, he found a company owned by Khasi. When it was easy to operate, he thought of destroying this company. it is not running but he still does not know whether the current leader has followed up on this.
It was found that gradually there was a cleansing of the color which was left behind due to the rain.
Leaders of the GSU led by President Tengsak G Momin have met Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju in New Delhi.
In his resignation letter, Bah Mukhim did not give any reason, but said it was for his personal reasons and he said that he has resigned from today.
“On the work of Bah Pala, I think he has done many things.
At the end of the dedication ceremony, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh handed over the Dulir which was sealed by the Archbishop and the signing of the Dulir.
With a happy and respectful spirit for the poets, there was a sharing of different cultures and the reading of poetry by poets from different languages ​​to celebrate this month of language acquisition. Bangla.
The ruling party has already proposed him to hold a post in the government.
On the part of the top groups of the HNLC, they feel that surrendering would be a great loss on the grounds on which they stand.
On the first day of the ACWG, a program on ‘Gender and Corruption’ was also held.
Among these factories which have been approved for the Single Window today are those related to agricultural products and those related to the supply of goods after manufacturing in the factories.
Tura, Naitung 15: Residents of Jambal village under Rongjeng Police Station have arrested and bombed four robbers to death, police said.
In a statement, Bah Dino DG Dympep said that the party strongly condemns the incident at Smith where three people lost their lives at the hands of the public.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, he said that the ANVC, which is currently in the midst of peace talks with the government, wants all other parties from Garo Hills to attend the peace talks. .
All this has changed and now Kashi is the same but there are efforts to bring about changes.
The first president is now a Pastor of the KJP Synod Sepngi Church, the second president will contest the MDC election 2014 and has done many things to improve the newspaper industry. The third president has passed MA Geography and is now one of the leading lawyers of the state.
On Tuesday, within hours of the President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit calling on the people to come to the Sohra Police Station, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohra Circle has sent a letter to the Sohra Police Station. The KSU supports this call and urges the people of Sohra area to come out on this day.
The children's playground and the youth entertainment center were bustling where they took part in various activities designed to showcase the history and rich heritage of the North East.
Meghalaya's domestic revenue as a percentage of GSDP was 4.38% in 2016-17 (the average for the North East and the rural states was 5.02%).
Prof. PP Giridhar, Deputy Director, CIIL, Mysore, formerly said that all the languages ​​in this world have the right to survive, to preserve them they have to write. Prof. Suhnuram Sharma of Deccan College said that all kinds of languages ​​are precious. the students were urged to write in languages ​​especially the language spoken by the minority.
Those who have two EPICs are from Aphiam, Salpara and Gazang, in these areas there are very few people who have two EPICs, namely from Meghalaya and Assam.
All 20 presidents Adheenam will attend the ceremony to give their blessings in commemoration of this sacred event.
New Delhi, Feb 12: The Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) Mr Paban Singh Ghatowar has said that infrastructural constraints being faced in the development of NER has been assessed in the 'North Eastern Region Vision 2020' document.
“When the petrol is poured, the Government will understand how to extinguish the fire,” said the President of the KSU. our perseverance also time will tell all these things.
Thus, during the harvesting season, the entire farmland has been harvested for sale and only the largest ones have been placed for sale (Grade A) in these processing units.
For trainees, it is on-the-job training along with a respectable stipend and the opportunity for full-time employment.
Amlarem Naiwieng 07: The Sohkha Shnong Music Club, which is one of the most famous clubs in the country, said that if the Central Government continues on this issue, the KHNAM will not be able to think together with the people of the area. The club was established in 1969 and now the club has grown well through the hard work of the leaders of the club until it has now been able to open a Music School Academic. The school was inaugurated by Bah Stephanson Mukhim MLA.
Small employers find it very difficult to invest in employee skills development and apprenticeships.
We must understand as a nation that the mynder that we have created are all the same as the 'seinpuh' that we have created.
On 10th March, 2023 at Ranikor Community Health Center (CHC), on 17th March, at Mawthawpdah Primary Health Center (PHC) and on 31st March at Wahkaji Primary Health Center (PHC).
This public awareness campaign was conducted with the aim of promoting entrepreneurship among the villagers to start their own businesses and the theme is 'Become employers and not job seekers'
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Friday sought clarification from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the Bill passed regarding the registration of land. who live on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The construction of two more entry and exit points will help vehicles not to park for a long time at this place. The work has progressed and the NHAI has now started working at this place on I'm from Ri Bhoi District.
The Vice President of India was speaking at a meeting with thinkers from 32 countries today at the inauguration of the Kautilya Fellowship Program organized by the India Foundation.
“We have the confidence and confidence that all those criminals will be arrested soon and brought to justice for a fair trial in the hands of the law to ensure the rights of this family.
In this regard, the union cannot accept these mistakes at all because it is the wrong teachers who have committed the crime and not the students or parents.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: There are 372 candidates for the MLA election
Shillong, Jymmang 06: More than 1,000 people today attended a public meeting convened by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit at Madan Student with his supporters. La Curry”.
A total of 207 vehicles were handed over to different blocks of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and a similar program will be held soon in Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 27: Answering a question by Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah on the Housing Act, EM Paul Lyngdoh said that the Twon Committee local government housing in some sectors.
These statements do not mean that in India as a whole there is no longer an indigenous democratic institution like the rule of the Syiem, Lyngdoh, Wahadadar, Sirdar and Doloi.
Regarding development projects, the government should look into the construction of development projects without affecting the ownership of the small paid.
Meghalaya set a target of 165 runs for Nagaland to win. In the first innings, Nagaland scored 92 runs out of 40 runs. Nagaland scored 86 runs in the first innings. Meghalaya has lost seven players in five overs and Meghalaya is still waiting for whom it will face in the final.
Reports said that such posters of political parties in different parts of the state have started to be removed a day after the announcement of the elections to the Legislative Assembly of India. on 16/3/2025 by the Election Commissioner of India.
“This is 2023, one year before the 2024 general election and I would like to ask the government why the formalin tests are done once every five years.
“It is only when the work is done before November that we will understand how many candidates we will contest for the MDC election,” he said.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the reply of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the demand to increase the salaries of ASHAs serving across the villages of Meghalaya.
It takes about 800 days to reach the first 10,000 start-ups after
In this regard, KSUPB7T demands that the Government through Team 1917 should purchase agricultural products such as jhur and others at the Minimum Support Price to assist and support the farmers.
Shillong, July 25: The National People's Party (NPP) Shillong City on Tuesday honored and congratulated the State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi on his victory in the elections. MP to the Rajya Sabha held on the 19th of this month.
The fight against the smuggling of this beverage since 1994 and until now has encouraged the police to continue to work harder to arrest the highest drug traffickers until this time. All kinds of alcoholic beverages will disappear and will no longer be allowed to enter Meghalaya.
In this regard, the FKS Dorbar has decided to remind and demand from the Government of India not to make mistakes and to implement the promises of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948 under a separate Article. Article 370 A of the Constitution of India, and decided to send a reminder petition to the Government of India on this issue.
This is something that makes the Seng strongly suspect that there is something behind the incidents inside the CHC. However, after the Seng has met with government officials to ask for clarification on this issue, no signs have been seen. However, there has been an accusation against the Seng that it is just an unfounded allegation.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state will treat all those 8000 people who have registered with the government outside the North East as Red. Zone and when they come they have to be tested with Rapid Test Kits.
KAS invites the youth, school and college students, parents and all the residents of Shillong to join hands in this “March for the Promotion of the Khasi Language”.
The victory of the UDP candidate is perhaps a fond memory of former MLA HDR Lyngdoh.
They also informed that they will send the Land Survey Department of the Central Government to complete the surveys at three places before 31 November 2023 so that they can plant the mawthum. the places have not yet been named.
This can also affect and increase the infiltration of mynder through this work, and also seriously affect the budget of the council.
The union strongly condemns the lack of authority of the Superintendent Engineer PWD Nongstoin for allowing the contractors who are the people of the Ranikor MLA to continue the construction of the remaining unpainted road of Rangthong-Ngunraw Roads. The tender will be opened on 22.11.2017 and the deadline for submission of tenders has not expired.
This pattern of return of people to their hometowns has not only stopped at the workers, but has spread to students, employees in private companies in all the states of the country.
At present we do not agree to endanger many churches just because of the needs of a few ministers.
On the other hand, Sayeed Mohammed Sadulla, Premier of Assam (whom we call Chief Minister after 1950) in his speech in Parliament at the same time as the draft Sixth Schedule was ratified, said that this act of violence. He urged the members of the Constituent Assembly who will continue after 1950 to arrange and fulfill the agreements and promises under the IOA & AA. John F Kharshiing, said that the IOA & AA is still alive and the Government of India has no choice but to implement all the agreements and promises when the Government of the Federation of Khasi States will emerge.
LUCKNOW, OCT 5 (UNI):- Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at Azadi@75 New Urban India: Transforming Urban Landscape Conference-cum-Expo in Lucknow on Tuesday.
“We believe that as an elderly man he will keep that promise and if no charges are brought, he will come forward to explain to the people.
Looking at the buses carrying government employees, the government has not been able to provide vehicles where the government employees have to sit in crowded places and cannot refuse to violate the rules laid down by the government. by the same buses.
After the race, a 10 minute silence was held to commemorate all the great men who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country to maintain the peace of the country by taking also the smell.
He spoke about the efforts of the department to strengthen the AVGC industry in India and stressed that the States should also do their utmost to benefit from them. UApurva Chandra, Secretary, I&B, spoke about the jobs that open up AVGC jobs where education and skills development are the backbone of these jobs.
Speaking to reporters, the announcement came after a committee appointed by the government to look into the public opinion and approval of the roster which should conduct the appointment of vacancies. I'm from Meghalaya.
HANM strongly warns the people as they have seen through social media that there are people who intend to take advantage to create rumors and differences in different villages, and urges the law enforcement authorities to take action. “I don't have a job,” said Bah Iadonlang Kharbuli, spokesperson of HANM Mawsynram.
Restrictions in the State There will be no restrictions on the movement of people and transportation of goods within and between the States including the movement of goods to countries that have agreements with India.
Through this, it will not only become a storage facility for rice and wheat of their tehsils and states, but will also make it easier for farmers to store their produce in these places for some time.
In 2022, our country will celebrate its 75th anniversary of independence.
Shilong, July 07: Police of East Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip that some people from Assam have come to Khliehriat to smuggle drugs. two persons and 14.83 gm of drugs.
On the other hand, the leaders of the area regarding the demand for a district in Sohra will meet with the Chief Minister to discuss the demand for a district in Sohra.
The PWD has also conducted special training for the staff of the road construction department as it is necessary for them to supervise the works and this training has started from Tura and will be held in Tura. teach in other districts as well.
The SSC has taken note of the HNLC's request. At this meeting, the Prime Minister said that he cannot explain what they are saying, but he said that in this meeting. The meeting discussed how to curb the activities that affect the peace and order in the state and to improve the training of the police in the state.
New Delhi, Naitung 18: The Cabinet Committee on Education of the Union Government chaired by the Prime Minister of India today decided to continue the Pre-Matric examination. Scholarship, Post Matric Scholarship for low paid students.
Speaking on the occasion, u Prime Minister Duh said that he is happy and fortunate to be able to come to Nalanda within 10 days of being sworn in as Prime Minister Duh. for the third time and said that this is a good sign of the path India is moving towards development.
Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee in his speech said, “We want this university to be a learning center where we can share our tools and techniques.
There are 37 recoveries today, 21 from West Garo Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from East Khasi Hills and 2 from South West Garo Hills. There were 1,50,809 tests negative and 1,45,1
The HYC does not accept that the law passed by the NDA-II Government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma is a law to protect the rights of the Hynniewtrep people.
The KSU also appealed to the public or private individuals to have the spirit to help those affected by various incidents by coming forward to help them.
Shillong, March 22: BSF troops at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills district have arrested three Bangladeshis who had entered India to mine coal in Rajaju area.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, KSUP Secretary Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that in this meeting, the UDP party also has the same wish. batch.
Linking Viksit Bharat with the examination, Prime Minister Duh said the preparation, determination of the youth and the contribution of their families are essential to achieve the goal. .
Of the high risk cases, 30 have been tested and of these, 6 have tested positive for COVID-19, 2 are sleeping and 4 are working.
The recipients include Maharashtra (181 cr), Uttar Pradesh (103 cr), Tamil Nadu (83 cr), Gujarat (66 cr), Delhi (55 cr), West Bengal (53 cr), Bihar (51 cr), Madhya Pradesh (50 cr), Rajasthan (50 cr) and Karnataka (34 cr).
Police are still holding Kharbudnah in custody for further investigation.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawryngkneng and his wife, Kong A. Pakyntein and Kong RM Pariat. DSEO of RMSA, Bah K Rani of BMC Mawkynrew Block, Kong Wesley Pohtam of World Vision, Thangsning Cluster and members of the Managing Committee, parents.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken note of the government's efforts to bring Yoga to the world.
One case from East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from West Garo Hills District and 1 case from East Khasi Hills District. There are 92214 cases so far.
He said that the Federation has taken this step because the Chief Minister has not been able to call for talks with them.
Schools and colleges were closed, streets were deserted and roads became playgrounds for children.
Mairang, Jymmang 18: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division in an order issued today has informed that one of the doctors of Nongkhlaw CHC, Nongkhlaw has tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, November 05: Hundreds of people today attended a funeral service to mourn the death of Bisheshwar Das who was shot dead by robbers at his shop in Bishnapur.
We believe that peace will be achieved by punishing the perpetrators, not by allowing the wrongdoers to hide under the blanket," he said.
The Ramkrishna Mission has provided school uniforms, muja, juti and other clothes. Not only has it provided these items but it has also fed them. along with the distribution of medicines, along with training on human dignity and computer training as well.
This was held in collaboration with the NCDS on the theme of “Diabetes Screening Camp” on the same day.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that the Resident Doctors of NEIGRIHMS will hold a strike to demand their jobs. Bah AL Hek called for a meeting with them today at his office at the Secretariat.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Nongstoin Police have issued a search warrant for the father who raped his daughter in Nongryniang village.
Dr K Puro, Principal Scientist ICAR Research Complex, said that the purpose of the day is to teach how to respect women in society.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Government of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District will be closed on the 15th of this month for government offices, courts and schools. on the 15th of this month which was held by the Khasi National Union.
The Meghalaya High Court Bar Association is pleased to welcome such a meeting as it will benefit the authorities of Meghalaya in many ways. to be fully aware of the changes in the laws from time to time.
Other office bearers are Bah Shanlang Wahlang as Vice President and Ibadalin Kharbuli as General Secretary of the party.
Regarding the issues raised by the RMRI staff, the government should look into and arrange for the people who need the services of these 108 Ambulances to transport the patients. especially in the villages, they will not suffer.
a.
The people responded well to this appeal.
New Delhi, November 29: The Union Health Ministry has conducted a two-day pilot for Covid-19 vaccination in four states including Assam. , Andhra Pradesh, Punjab and Gujarat on November 28 and 29,
In a complaint sent to the DC, Bah Khongthohrem said that according to the complaint he received from the ration holders of Nohwet village, they sent him a letter with the names of those who were present. complain to the local distributor.
“The states of the North East should take advantage of the peace and strengthen the police forces in the region.
At the opening ceremony of the seminar, Het Pohthmi MDC urged the people to work together to promote tourism in the village.
Bah Kitbok Thabah, spokesperson of Umjaiur Unit, said that before the distribution of medicines, a short meeting was held by the Rangbah Shnong and other village officials. -I and completed to Block-5 which means the whole village.
Bashisha has seven children and has to leave her children under 9 years old to her brothers under 9 years old because she has to pay for food. I'm going.
There are 6 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 226 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in North Garo Hills, 53 cases in Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in South Garo Hills and 5 cases in South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 22, West Jaintia Hills 63 and West Khasi Hills 3 total.
On the statement by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the government cannot accept or set up an Emergency Service, Roipar said it is a problem for the government that it cannot because 100% of the funds have been allocated by the government. by the state government and 10% by the central government, the materials are enough people have some problem with the government.
Angela Ryngad President of TOUR has led the people to express their opposition to the illegal behavior of the government authorities to close down the houses of the people without giving them time or money. he crawled he understood.
In another meeting with the Principal of the College, the Seng has suggested to the College to have an online mode in relation to the admission procedure. this advice is right, and believe me that in the coming Year, we will witness this.
BSF recovered T.3160 ​​tyngka, four mobile phones, driving licence, pan cards, ATB card of SBI and Identity Cards of Indian Union from Nazimuddin. Youth Congress.
Meghalaya has the potential to make agriculture one of the sources of employment for the youth, agriculture and the government should take action to improve trade relations with Bangladesh because of the market. Meghalaya will become Bangladesh to export goods from this state.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that twice a day he calls to discuss the state of peace and order and the government will take all measures to ensure that the people of the state don't face any problems.
Latest reports received by the SP News Agency say that many of the candidates who have contested for the MLA election are now in despair because according to the rules and regulations, the expenditure for the election is low. it shall not exceed five lakh rupees.
“There will be a stir among the people but we cannot do anything,” said Longti Timung, president of the Guwahati Karbi Students Association. to get their own state claim.
RBYO hopes that in 2020 God will bless us with a healthy body and success in our jobs. RBYO would also like to congratulate all the students who have passed the examination. this year and may you work harder and harder in the future until you reap the fruits of victory.
the 25mr Standard for men, the 25mr sports pistol for women and girls; 25mtr Center-Fire ; 50mtr open site prone for both men and women and 50mtr peep site prone for men and women.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, the EM said that out of the 11 bills, 8 were passed by the Governor and 3 were passed by the Governor. Bah War said that the Elaka Department has appointed a Special Committee on Elaka Affair to look into the issues. The bill has been prepared by the KHADC.
