The Seng has given 10 days to the Director to implement these demands and promised to close down the office of NEIGRIHMS. In the meeting, the President of the HYC told the Magistrate that the anger of the HYC leaders is that the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital has been insulted and They also alleged that they wanted to create trouble.
Nongpoh, June 16: The Presbyterian Church of Umlaper, Mawbuh-Sarikrai Presbytery, Ri-Bhoi District, has welcomed all those who attended the Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Synod Service, which was held at Mawbuh-Sarikrai Presbytery, Ri-Bhoi District. .
The union urged the Council to hold a Traditional Dress Day of the KHADC to preserve the traditional dress.
Rakkam said that although the father is the head of the household , the mother is the foot of the household to take the consent of the people.
The Survey Department of India has published a map of Meghalaya and this has caused confusion among the people.
On this occasion, all the teachers of Bengoli Boys HS School and the staff of Bengoli Boys HS School were honoured. BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, Rangbah Shnong of Laban who were also present to witness the ceremony.
He said the HNLC keeps a record of all its members and leaders who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of Hynniewtrep.
The Union Minister praised the beauty of the landscape and the clean and beautiful climate of Meghalaya, and said that such gifts of nature should be accompanied by the development of factories, educational institutions. and skill development centers so that the youth of the region can keep pace with the rest of the country.
The road has been constructed since the time of the Assam government, which connects Garolane and Spread Eagle Falls and does not belong to the army.
To protect the environment, the state government will sign a soskular with the World Bank to allocate T.100 crore for the fight for the preservation of forests which are water sources.
During his inspection of the airport in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister said that the airport should be safe for aircraft. the larger ones that land in this place.
The National Institute of Technology Meghalaya in collaboration with the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) of the Government of Meghalaya invites applications for a one-day training on disaster management. , 2013 and the second group will be held from 17-22 November,
If we reach this, our country will change before you.
Within nine days, the Special Investigation Team will investigate the officer.
Reduction of corporate tax to 22% for existing manufacturing plants and 15% for new manufacturing plants in the country.
They discussed not only political freedom.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the curfew will start at 5 pm on the 17th and end at 5 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that even in the midst of many shortcomings, he will take action to think carefully for these schools. On the other hand, the KSU said that many school buildings have been destroyed.
These silk species take longer, about 2-3 months, during the rainy season to grow and mature before they cover themselves with silk.
The statement from the political parties involved in the MDA that the roster system is not prospective is a misleading statement to the people of the state.
The public is urged to report any incident to number 139 as the trains are the property of the public and it is the responsibility of the public to take care of them.
“It is just an expression of anger at the lack of attention of the State Government and the Police Department to provide protection to the people living in the border villages,” he said.
After our officers left here (Thanat) they made peace and the CRPF left.
In a message of condolences, Bah Danggo said, “I am deeply saddened to hear that our MDC Bah Nasar Marwein has passed away. I send my heartfelt condolences to the family for this great loss.
He also congratulated the Leaders and Office Bearers of the Youth Brotherhood Sports Club for their hard work through the MDC Scheme and said that this will be an example to others. He also urged the neighboring villages in Mawkynrew Constituency to have a spirit of cooperation for the welfare of the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency. these things because the benefit is theirs.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, CVS Ready, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the office of the wildlife department is about 100 meters from the main road. tnum because you are the tree.
Synrem said that regarding the district level posts, we have received a rule that the district level posts of the combined reservation should be 80% for the Khasi Jaintia in the Khasi Jaintia Hills and 80% for the Khasi Jaintia in the Khasi Jaintia Hills. % of the Garo population in the Garo Hills.
Employees including office workers, lab technicians, cleaners and others except nurses and doctors, today turned to the office of the Presbyterian Church which runs the hospital. The hospital has not responded to the complaint even though it has been written to the hospital for six years but it has not responded.
Therefore, as part of the promotion of MMA, the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit will support the Club Team Revolution MMA in this event.
During the training, they were explained how to fight against violence against women by men, how women can use the media as a means of protection.
On the other hand, the religious leader said that the Tibers do not want to leave China but they want to preserve their own culture because there is a difference with the Chinese culture.
He also congratulated Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew for his efforts in the development of training for the youth so that they can get jobs after the training.
Today's part of the program is on the independence of the country.
Speaking to reporters, Charles Pyngrope said that he personally feels that George B Lyngdoh is the right candidate but the party will consider the relevant issues. and the MP-Lok Sabha elections
In this protest by the market vendors in Motphran to demand that they should be allowed to sit in the market because the closure of the dam has affected their homes as they don't have the money to buy you bam you drink.
I wish all the teachers a very happy birthday on their special day.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its concern over the complaint of many people regarding the border market and the delay on the part of the DC to issue or renew the names of the owners and buyers. year.
She has appealed to the High Court, without a thorough investigation, the coal mining in the state has been banned.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Biangbor Paliar, said that the KSU Mawlai Nonglum Women's Wing has done a great job since 34 years ago. The Creche with the good intention of assisting women who need assistance especially when they go to their workplaces and duties.
The party understands that they need development but at this time it is not long to talk about development by bringing in foreigners.
: Gorbanga Rim, Gorbanga Thymmai, Belpahamjala and Ulubari.
On this day, many believers from different religions, Christian church leaders, and other religions attended the funeral service of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala.
Equator Nongrang, MDC from Mairang Constituency, has been elected as the Dy Chairman.
Furthermore, Bah Banshai Marbaniang would like to remind once again to the Managing Director, MCAB Ltd.
If the Prime Minister really says to send an inquiry, he should be willing to send an inquiry to the NIA for clarification.
In East Khasi Hills, Dr. Osaphi Smithson Jyrwa of 13th Mawsyngkneng, Mitchiel Wankhar of 20th Mylliem, HDR Lyngdoh of 23rd Sohiong, Olan Singh Suin of 25th Mawsynram and Balajied of Shella Anthony Kongwang, 27-year-old Anthony Kongwang, 28-year-old Titosstarwell Chyne and 29-year-old Remington Pyngrope.
The entry of Bangladeshis up to 20 km into India shows the stinginess of the BSF. It is a fact that there is no joint patrol between the BSF and the state police on the border, but they are on the border. From time to time, when they learn or receive information, they join hands to search the border.
“The BJP will talk to the party leaders in Delhi to ensure that this scheme should also benefit the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah AL Hek. today's news.
The UDP is no longer the key holder as it was in 2018 but has become the key holder.
Although the Meghalaya government has taken tourism as one of the sources of employment for the people, the inability to improve the road has been a barrier for the people to visit the marngar pond. to go to the fields.
The members of the party are ready to sacrifice their lives to fight against the enemies who want to destroy this resource.
The union urges the authorities to direct all shops to post notices in front of their shops on the prices of beverages and other necessities. cash memo to the shopkeepers and if the shopkeepers cannot issue cash memo, the union urges the state government to close down those shops which do not comply with the law so that it will not be a warning. iaki way pat.
Shillong, November 31: HANM Riwar Mingngi on Saturday 30/12/2023 sent relief to a household in Mawkajem village, after the household requested for assistance. .
These works have almost been completed but due to the suspension of the Rangbah Shnong, they have had to stop the work. When they went to meet with the BDO, the BDO said that he will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The matter was scheduled for 11/09/2019 but this too was postponed due to the BDO's phone call to the Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, the Governor urged the people to look after themselves and spread the message of peace.
Regarding the vacant government jobs, the Congress will expedite the appointment of vacant jobs, not to hold back where the students will lose hope, these are only a few areas, he said. Shillong, November 24: U Pradip Kumar IPS today took over as the new Inspector General of BSF at the Meghalaya Frontier. Inderjit Singh Rana who sent him as the Superintendent of the Training Center at Hazaribagh.
This has led to anxiety about access to healthcare especially in the most disadvantaged populations.
There are 66 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 44 from West Jaintia Hills and 8 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 81,6
The MDMS scheme has been extended to private schools in rural areas and in all areas with a large number of minorities. pre-primary school.
Samla Shadap in a statement said that on the 17th of this month at 8.44 pm he received a telephone call and a message from another phone number +9 warned against him.
On this day, there were also participants from various organizations in the area.
The celebration was opened with a pud song and a song in the presence of government officials from the Forest Department.
On the other hand, the elders who accompanied the MLA on this occasion, expressed their gratitude and praise to Bah Robinus Syngkon who was willing to take action and even to visit by himself to find out and see. with their own eyes the condition of the pipes.
However, this is only a public misleading, because the maintenance is like a road where wild animals walk and not like a road where people walk.
The celebration of the birthday of the Congress leader began with the lighting of sharak and laying flowers.
Both of these have their own disadvantages and advantages, there should be a discussion to find ways and means how to prevent the influx of foreigners if it is not ILP or Tenancy but to have one, in which those who are not native but who have lived and been born here cannot be admitted.
The Meghalaya High Court has upheld the complaint of the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and ruled on 19 October 2020 that the government should pay according to the 5pay Commission. after they had gone to court.
The raid was carried out after receiving a complaint from the Dorbar Shnong.
The purpose of the exhibition is to provide information to the public about the Indian Army, the equipment they use and other opportunities to join the army.
“This action of the Dorbar Shnong is a violation of the right to food of the women in the village,” she added.
The Seng congratulates these youths on their success and urges all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to pray for these youths so that they can fulfill their dreams. .
“We have also discussed the courage of the Assam Government to cross the Meghalaya border which happened recently at Khanduli village,” said the HANM Chief Leader. The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Seng from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Due to the shortage of doctors in the state, the government today decided to appoint five doctors who have completed their MBBS studies. non-bonded Doctor”.
The BJP is opposed to the social agreement between India and Bangladesh which the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has accepted.
Although an early wicket fell, they should be reasonably happy not to have lost more given the tricky batting conditions.
The third theme is to revive the Dictionary in the language by revising it.
Other members who spoke were Agens Kharshiing of CSWO, Bah Nikson Dohling of HYC, KSU Grace Lanong, Bah Rili Syiem of SSSS. Rihun Swer is the head of the government.
The HNLC has also questioned how well these ministers can serve the state, said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC in a statement released today. newspaper.
“The Government should address these issues of the teachers.
The BSF said that these Bangladeshi robbers enter and leave these areas and hide their clothes in the forest and when they enter India they use these clothes and if they don't have After committing these crimes, they fled and returned to Bangladesh as labourers.
This shows that as an officer he does not have that responsibility for the people of the Block he is in charge of.
More than 5 crore people from Central and State Government Departments and groups including Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Central Government Armed Forces, NGOs, Private Groups, Schools, Individuals, Organizations Youths took part and completed the race at a distance of about 18 crore km.
We our farmers grow food for tens of thousands of fellow citizens who have never met them face to face and will never meet themselves either.
According to the residents of Barapathar, most of these houses are wooden houses and the strong wind has spread the fire to other houses.
Through a tip from the intelligence agencies, the BSF and Police conducted a vehicle search near Gasuapara and seized these three vehicles carrying more than 70,000 kilos of sugar.
Badonkupar Synnah has won the light welterweight 60-63.5kg category on the second day of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship. at SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong.
“As the Government has started going to every household to provide electricity, working to provide clean water to all through the HarGharJalAbhiyan, and delivering ash tires to the poorest through the Ujjwala scheme, Our Government is working in the same direction towards the goal of providing internet to all," he said.
The school will also start new courses such as Food Processing, Mining Engineer, Chemical Engineer and Geological Engineer.
The government should also provide the same opportunity to them.
The Chairman of the NEC has decided to implement the National Lockdown from tomorrow morning 18/5/2020 in accordance with Article 10(20(I) of the National Lockdown. National Disaster Management Act, 2005.
You may be sorry why the MLA resigned only for the Sub Division but I ask other political parties... Why do we contest elections? but it is for the development of the country,” said Bah Danggo.
The union has discussed many incidents such as the murder of Josbina M Sangma, 35 years old in Chokpot, Garo Hills on 03.06.2014 in the forest in front of her children. The people of Garo Hills have been living in fear for many years now because of the increasing number of killings, kidnappings, extortion and many other crimes. People are living a life of fear from the violence of the forests where the peace and order in this area has deteriorated with the passing of the days.
The curfew will come into force from tonight.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Friday urged the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to dissolve the immediately after the notification of the Raid of Majai.
Shillong, Nailur 23: As a continuation of the ongoing Malaria training, more than 60 persons from Mawkyrwat (18th & 19th September 2013) and about 20 persons from Mairang on 23rd September / The members of the Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and Mairang C&RD Block have received training on how to assist and advise the Malaria, one of the most deadly diseases in India, is still considered one of the most deadly.
It is learned that this increasing number of ASHA workers has happened in almost all parts of the state but when they talked it could be resolved but what happened inside Mawkhun village last month. The incident occurred at Umsohping PHC in Mawsynrut C&RD Block.
According to the new law, the schools after the passage of the law on any school in the House must be operational within two years and They should have their own school otherwise the government will revoke their permission.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
After discussions, the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee was formed.
The meeting was conducted by Vijay Lyngdoh, former KSU leader in 1978 and was attended by Paul Lyngdoh, Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC, John F Kharshiing, Sadon Blah, Babu Spiton Kharkor.
Daimary, who fled the district, was accused of kidnapping people from the district.
Others who took part in the welcome speech were Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah, Former Speaker PN Syiem, Deputy CEM Gigur Myrthong, RV Lyngdoh, Lambor Malangniang, Grace Marry Kharpuri. MN Mukhin EM, former CEM Twinwell Dkhar and Bindo M Lanong MDC.
On this day, the Catholic Church held a special service in the afternoon and after the service, a special crucifixion was held to commemorate the death of Jesus for you are a sinner.
The FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit would like to thank Bah Headingson Nongkhlaw from Mawkhan for donating a Bolero Pick up to Dust. tynrtong himself has taken away the heavy yoke.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The FKJGP under the leadership of Bah Reginald Thabah, Assistant Information Secretary, Shillong, has met with the DTO of East Khasi Hills to discuss the concerns of the people regarding the allegation that There is a demand for money for the purpose of obtaining a driving license by the persons in charge of the office.
Police have seized 111 grams of heroin, 100 injection needles and a mobile phone. Police have been working hard to fight against drug traffickers.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government has created the Meghalaya Piggery and Livestock Development Mission through the C&RD Department to promote livestock. the work of farming for the benefit of the people.
When asked how many of these visitors have taken their TA, DA, the Prime Minister replied that their DA has been calculated according to the rules of the Central Government. 100 US Dollars in France and the USA, 60 US Dollars in Bangladesh and 60 US Dollars in Switzerland.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the organization, Bah Wankibok Pohshna, said that any Khasi film that has been released till June 2012 this year can take part in this competition. jit is the best.
For this reason, the 40 villages in the area who have to walk day and night on this road held a public meeting on Saturday at Umkiang village and decided to take action against the government. These shiphew villages will hold a 48 hour road blockade from 5 am on 13.5.2013 to 5 am on HANM Narpuh Circle also supported the road blockade in Shiphew Village.
According to SP News Agency, the MBOSE on 21/5/2024 has called a tender for the printing and supply of Class XI NCERT textbooks for the academic year -2025, only those who have been recognized by the MBOSE will be able to publish the books. The 40 subjects for which the MBOSE has taken the NCERT books according to the CBSE syllabus are, English Core, English Elective, Geography, History Home Science, Computer Science, Informatics Practices, Political Science, Psychology and Sociology.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Student organizations of nine states today staged a protest in the state capitals to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 of the NDA government. Delhi.
A truck driver was shot dead at Mukhla Umsuwe village opposite a petrol pump.
However, on the part of the government, the District Administrations are working hard to ensure that people should get jobs and not go to bed without food.
This has created a lot of problems for the job seekers because the skilled and deserving job seekers will not get jobs if the SMCs or Headmasters and Headmistresses do not approve them.
Before the start of the competition, there was also a thanksgiving ceremony by the elder Rgh Skor Jala. Members of the Apphira Archery Committee, while the meeting was conducted by Rgh Paia B Synrem.
The Chief Minister said that the government is working for the people of the state and with the cooperation we can fight against this.
Ticket price is 200 tyngka.
Bah Shangpliang said that the selection of those who will participate was not done by the MLA but he handed over to the leaders of the areas and especially the primary units to send the names of those who are eligible to participate. This assistance was received at the MLA's office in Mawsynram.
Bah Siangshai said that as the new leader, he will continue to monitor the outstanding issues of the party, along with his promise, to work hard physically and mentally with integrity while It is possible to move forward the mission of the party in the struggle to provide the best service to the country and the nation.
They said that their MLA Martin M Danggo, instead of going himself, sent his followers.
Many people including judges of various High Courts, lawyers, intellectuals, representatives of law enforcement agencies, police officers, lawyers of Government, District Judges and other officers along with law students.
This action of the JHADC has affected the residents of the border areas who are in the midst of the conflict with Assam.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 13849 today.
In his speech, Bah MH Dkhar urged the students to value education in this technological world, to work hard and diligently and not to give in to problems. They are the reason for their education for the sake of their future and that of the country and the nation, by setting the example of many heroes in the country. PM Narendra Modi, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, Dr. BR Ambedkar and Abraham Lincoln and others who came from poor families but through their hard work, became stars. and they shall shine upon the whole earth.
After this decision, the party conducted a meeting to discuss other agendas on how to strengthen the working methods of the party in the coming days. On the other hand, according to the source, the president of the RBYDSO, Riskhem Lyngdoh, has said that he may resign as It is to be recalled that Samla D Malai is the founder President of RBYDSO and until now he has held the position of RBYDSO. twice as president of the party and for the third time he can release the other leaders of the party with love and understanding but he cannot say anything because the decision depends on the party. its members , the statement concluded.
Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang has been elected as the new Vice President of the party and Donal V Thabah has been elected as the General Secretary of the party without any opposition. do not fight against it.
Shillong, July 09: The Meghalaya Right to Information Movement (MRTIM) today said that the government should enact a clean Lokayukta Act which has no violations anywhere.
The benefits will be for all the vendors, from Lawsohtun to Shillong, there will also be games and places for children and this will create jobs for more than 100 people.
Both of these are our rights and we have the right to strengthen the Sixth Schedule and to get the ILP. Mizoram has three district councils, the ILP is in force and Article 371 (g) is in force, Nagaland has Article 371 (a) and Arunachal Pradesh has Article 371 (h). ) and ILP and in Manipur Article 371 (c) is in force and besides that now the ILP. The ILP and the Sixth Schedule or Article
He said the Modi Government has also improved the livelihoods in the North East.
Any NGOs who wish to take part in this training can submit their application forms to the DC's office before 15th November.
Referring to the Fisheries Department, it was learned that the demand for fish in West Jaintia Hills is about 1770 MT per annum, and through the target of the State Government, 480 MT of Dohkha has been produced. The shortage of fish in the district is 1362 MT per annum. To date, most of the fish comes from northern Andhra Pradesh in boxes and takes time. up to 18 or 21 days to reach Shillong.
Chandigrah MP Kiron Kher was also present at the opening ceremony. Other government officials who attended the meeting were Naveen Verma Secretary DONER Ministry, SN Pradhan Joint Secretary, DONER Ministry and other government officials, said SNSKDN Chief Strategist Dr Herbert Bani in a statement sent to the media.
Shillong, Naieng 10: The Commission has scheduled a hearing today to investigate the case of Sub-Inspector RA Sangma.
He said that these are cheaper but these plates will rot if left in the ground within 180 days.
Police have registered a complaint at Lumshong Police Station.
Shillong, November 14: Trinamul Congress Leader Ashahel D Shira on Tuesday said that the party will contest in 35 constituencies in the upcoming elections. in the year
Phlonginkhaw, which is located less than 20 km from Jowai and falls under the Jowai constituency, is a village where the residents cannot afford even to collect money.
Martial Arts instructor Rana Sinha said he saw that the women were really ready for the training and were quick to learn the right training methods.
“It is with great sadness that we announce the passing away of our President Billu Singh recently.
The HYC has requested the Minister to address the shortage of school books in the bookstores. because schools have begun to move forward in providing education to children.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: Candidates who have filed their nominations today in West Jaintia Hills.
Police have rushed to the scene to recover the body of the man.
Furthermore, the Seng would like to extend its congratulations to Ilawanshwa Nongsiej from Mawkyrwat who has reached the final round of the Meghalaya Got Talent Season
According to the information received by the union on the railway line at Mendipathar in North Garo Hills, it was found that this area has already been invaded by foreigners and foreign authorities. It is only to help foreigners to settle in this area.
This incident has also affected the attitude against the religious leader.
In preparation for the Kur Dorbar in Sohryngkham, the Seng Kur Warjri has established offices in two villages, Pyndeng Nongbri and Manai.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its satisfaction with the approval from the Rangbah Shnong of the Syiem at the meeting held by the Seng not to issue NOCs to foreigners as part of the efforts to curb the illegal immigration. illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Keeping in view the large number of students from the North East who are studying in various institutions, hostels have also been constructed for these students of the region.
To combat the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government has announced the AtmaNirbhar Bharat Abhiyan which aims to make the country self-reliant and ensure self-sufficiency. domestically, availability of local markets and supply chains.
They have expressed their cooperation with the police to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident to find out the truth.
On the railway line, the KSU has been opposing from time to time regarding the construction of the railway line in the state, while there is no strong law to prevent the entry of foreigners. people who are bar.
Look at the NH 44 which is the blood vessel of the state and other states of the North Eastern Region of India.
Also present on the occasion were CP Marak, PCCF, Bah YS Shullai and other government officials including Secretary Forest Department Bah A Mawlong.
Five dispensaries have been handed over to the office of the Project Director DRDA for use in two blocks, 90 dispensaries have been handed over to the DMHO of Ampati for use in 27 dispensaries. Three PHCs will be provided, three at the District Hospital, four at the DSWO office and two at the DEO office, Ampati.
At the same time, the government cannot ignore the District Councils in terms of demarcation because they too know their own land because the Syiems, Doloi and Nokma fall under the jurisdiction of the District Councils where they know better their boundaries.
After the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, the group, while speaking to the media, said that the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs was fruitful as the Minister of Home Affairs promised to It may be recalled that the demand for a Police Out post in Barato village has been going on for a long time and the reason for the demand is to protect the people. The people of this area on the border with Assam have been harassed from time to time by the people of Assam.
The letter was signed by 11 leaders from Mawlai.
He said that the government is looking for ways and means to develop the talented youth.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of the group, Kailash Verma, said that these shield masks were made by the members of the group and were donated today to NEIGRIHMS. They were taken to the Children's Hospital because the shops were closed at this time.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Raghvendra said that since he came to Meghalaya in 1986 until he came to this job, the traffic jam has been the same until now.
However, when we went to the court, we found that it was not that much of a disease, but now in 2021, when we have completed the investigation, we have found that the Word of God has reveal the signs and wonders to the children of men, that they should no longer be afraid, but to those who have been torn, who have been torn, who have been created to speak, God speaks. Rgh Pranshon Jala said that the government has already issued a notice to the public.
On the allegation by former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister said that as the former Chief Minister, he understands that when there are such incidents, it is the police who have protected him. and to the civil society at the Chief Minister's Secretariat.
Speaking to media, he said that shops selling plastic should spend it within 40 days and after that if found they will be punished under the Environmental Protection Act of the government. and the punishment shall be according to this Act.
After inspecting the situation in the city, Sirsa urged the people across the country not to believe in false news as at present the Sikh community is happy in Shillong.
The number of people who have completed the second round of vaccination has risen to 7,62,737 lakh. There are 161 vaccination centers today and 8508 vaccination centers have been vaccinated today. estimate given today.
The union in a meeting with the Minister of Power, James Sangma of the State Government on 08.03.2021 has already informed about the examination which started on 15.03.2021 and expresses its satisfaction that after two days it has been cancelled. load shedding.
: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday witnessed the handover of the foundation stone of various projects worth T 48,100 crore in Rajkot, Gujarat.
In Shillong, CoMSO, a member of NEFIP, held a sit-in near the Additional Secretariat where members of various political parties from across the state came to take part in the protest. Speaking to media, Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary of NEFIP said that the government has decided to implement the CAB. It is only the beginning of the protests in the North East of India and if the central government does not repeal the CAB, the protests will continue.
Speaking to media, Rickson Nongsiej General Secretary of the Meghalaya Labor Union said that the union has found out about the company's behavior after following up and urging the KHADC authorities. that they should take this matter seriously.
To prevent the spread of the disease, the government has decided to ban the disease for five days so that the disease will not spread as it is these days.
Shillong, July 29: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to inform him that there are 16 MDCs in the state. in the 29-member House.
TORCH BATTERY 3.
The Congress has accused the NPP of being a sheep after NPP President Conrad K Sangma accompanied the Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his nomination papers. MP candidate from Varanasi Parliamentary constituency, Uttar Pradesh recently.
Anyone who knows or sees this child should contact the police at the following numbers addl.
Shillong, Lber 09: Replying to a question raised by Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar in the Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The council has not yet received a social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam.
The platform can be used to verify stories, prevent the spread of misleading stories, resolve doubts and get information about important matters related to the 2024 elections.
Now the name Chandrayaanka is known to the children of India.
Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, Bah MS Lhuid, IAS, said, “I would like to express my gratitude to the AJYWO for leading this initiative every year to commemorate the “As the children of Jaintia Hills, we must not forget to remember and honor this man,” he said. The greatness of the country and the nation from generation to generation, in any way, because the country and the nation that has a history is a living country and nation”.
Police have arrested three persons from Mawlai Mawiong for allegedly stealing and robbing the driver of a police vehicle. They are Kitbok Lyngdkhoi from Mawlai Nongkwar, Roland Wahlang from Mawlai Umshorshor and Kibok Kharsyntiew. and Mawlai Association.
At the same time, the reporter witnessed the resignation letter of Babu Valentine Thyrniang as President of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee. he will no longer be a leader within the Congress party.
Shillong, March 10: The KSU Nongkynbah Area Unit has demanded from the Health Department of the State Government to open a Nongkynbah Health Sub Center in Nongkynbah Village.
At this meeting, it was reminded that the party's goal is to promote economic development in the country and the state as a whole. the decision to take a role in sensitizing the people to accept Tika vaccination.
The Chief Minister said that if a railway line like Mendipathar can be obtained, it will be a great help to put the residents in peace and goods will reach the state without any problems.
The purpose of the awarding ceremony is to encourage the students to continue to work hard in their studies so that it will be an honor for the family, the community and the country.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss with those who have been working in this field for many years and after discussion and agreement from all, from the leaders, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima The traders have decided to write to the Chief Minister to open the market.
On the same day, a ceremony was held at Nongkhlaw Village in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and the Office Bearers of the Nongkhlaw Village Youth Association.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The AJYWO has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) against a Nepali who has not appointed himself as the Rangbah Shnong of Umthe village. The border of Sutnga District is a village inhabited only by Nepalis.
All these MPs attended a dinner at Modi's residence before the formation of the Government this evening.
Bah Banteidor said that besides other agricultural activities which the residents of Syntung and surrounding areas rely on for their daily livelihood, it is necessary to turn to other agricultural activities such as strawberry to improve. their income and their livelihood.
These items were purchased for 5000/ tyngka each and 500/ tyngka was given to them for travel expenses.
At a public meeting at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills, Rahul introduced the Congress candidate Daryl William Momin for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Seat from Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: At 6.45 pm today, while Samla Barisuklang Ramsiej was walking on Jail Road to go home, three persons robbed her of her gold coins near Government Girls High School. .
In a message of condolences sent by the Prime Minister, he said, “I am deeply saddened to learn of this incident that due to the overturning of vehicles, many lives have been lost and others. They are the injured who are our beloved people.
Shillong, Nailar 13: U Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Bishaweswar Tudu today said that his visit to Meghalaya is to inspect the schemes of the central government implemented in Meghalaya. From the writings it is clear that they have implemented the schemes but on the ground it is not accurate.
The Sixteenth Finance Commission will look into and approve on these issues, the distribution of revenue between the Central Government and the State Governments in the first phase, the second phase is to be distributed in between the State Governments and the Central Government in accordance with the Constitution of India from the revenue collected.
Shillong, November 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the opening day of the three-day Legislative Assembly, today introduced the Supplementary Demands for Grants and the Supplementary Appropriation for the year 2017- 2018.
The KSU is concerned that this incident has affected the reputation of the North Eastern Hills University.
Supercare Hospital is the first and only hospital in Meghalaya to receive Full NABH recognition. Founder and Managing Director, Dr RS Thangkhiew believes that NABH recognition strengthens the vision of Supercare. Hospital.
Similarly, on the provision of information by the school through UDISE, it was agreed that there should be only one UDISE Code for each school on the same campus and managed by the same management.
On the allegation in the implementation of the ring light scheme, Conrad said the government has violated all the rules and regulations and the central government has given permission if they violate the rules. the central government will not allow it either.
At this meeting, the KSU demanded that the District Council (KHADC) should implement the Rs 20 crore allocated for the repair of the road from Nongstoin to Phlangdiloin and the PHC at Wahkaji. to open it.
Kabak Yano started her climb to Mount Everest on 27 October when she left for Kathmandu.
Surprisingly, many of the coal trucks belong to relatives or those who have close ties with the people in power," said the MJAC. The MJAC has requested the Chief Secretary and sent a copy to the Chief Minister, the Symbud Myntri of Police and the Director General of Police. .
The Government of India and the Governments of the North Eastern States are making rapid progress in all these areas.
During the meeting, the DC of East Jaintia Hills informed the FKJGP leaders and the MDC that he will discuss the matter with the Superintendent of Police of the District. need.
In this competition he won a gold medal and this is an honor for the country and the state.
The Cabinet also directed MeECL to improve their work, from the distribution of bill light, the access to workplaces and other measures to improve the services. MeECL will have to provide for the assets of the state government.
Two members of the KSU South Khasi Hills Unit, Shambor Shati and Meshadap Sohpen, have been arrested on charges of involvement in the murder of two quarrymen in KSU South Khasi Hills Unit. Ichamati, East Khasi Hill.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Minister of State for Power and Power, Abu Taher Mondal today inspected the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Project in West Jaintia Hills District. R. Majaw, Director General, Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Ltd (MePGCL) and officials of MePGDCL. to understand how much electricity it currently produces and to look at the need for work and discuss how to improve this first phase and the work will be completed by 15 July
On this occasion, Bah Alvin K Sawkmie MDC of this area in his speech urged the residents to take care of this dorbar hall to be used for the benefit of the village. to the councils of the village.
The inspection also witnessed the influx of foreign tourists to the Heritage Village and it is expected that the Committee in charge of the festival will set a date for the festival in order to showcase the richness of the festival. of the Khasi culture.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Additional Director General of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) RK Shamar on Tuesday said that the three-day meeting of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) has discussed many issues. The NCC is not in the North East of India.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to set up a Screening Center in Motphran. and one in Khynda.
Ten District Project Officers of the Ministry of Education were also honoured.
The encouragement of this Syiem to live clean is a threat to the children of the Maharam Hima and not only to the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
What is surprising to the union is that the cement companies have not come to apply for Prospecting License PL or Mining Lease ML from the District Council before they implement the land. However, only a few land holdings have been found through RTI and handed over to the District Council office.
The five victims were identified as Babul Ali, Jiarul Islam, Ajot Ali, Azur Ali and Modon Ali. , Moral Hauz, Ismail Ali , Shahjahan Ali.
Jowai, November 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District in his speech as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Farmers' Market at HK Singh School, Jowai said that one of the problems of the farmers is it is the market to sell their goods.
When the BSF searched the pla, they found T.1,44,000 Bangladesh rupees and T.32,000 Indian rupees.
They committed the robbery on the 11th of this month at Mawiong and on the 13th of this month at Lawsohtun Block-6
They were awarded Certificates of Appreciation and a cash prize of T.7000/-.
Sansharbha Makdoh, 24, resident of Umroi, Ri-Bhoi,” said Superintendent of Police Rituraj Ravi in ​​a statement.
He also explained about the activities of this institution and the roles of computer training here.
–: means what is written at the top more clearly from the details of the message.
We also urge the PWD Department to send other inspectors if the existing ones do not listen to the complaints of the residents of Raliang.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Khangsing Nongsiej, an elderly man from Ksehkohlong village, West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday, said that to Shillong.
eSanjeevani works with healthcare providers in the country who have faced many challenges.
However, the names of the people were not mentioned, but several youths were arrested on charges of involvement in the burning of these offices.
When appointed as Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Pradip Kumar IPS stressed that one goal is to work together with all parties to protect the border with Bangladesh.
However, the union will hold a protest on 25th September 2023 by sleeping on the streets from 10 am to 4/5 pm.
The reason for the lack of coal is that these factories have bought coal from outside the state and there is no railway line to transport it by truck.
Not only does it reveal his lack of understanding of the Constitution of India, but it also reveals his undeniable communalism which led him to fight against the decision of the Constitution of India. the Cabinet of the Government of Meghalaya in two parts.
The acceptance of cucumbers will also pave the way for a further reduction in carbon emissions.
Wapungskur, July 02: The MDC of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday honored the MDC of 22-Musniang-Ryngad Constituency, Phasmon Dkhar, who is also the local MDC of Musniang-Ryngad Constituency. He won for the second time from this constituency.
The executive members include Patricia Mukhim, Deimaa Lang Siangshai, EM Jose, Purbasha Bhattacharjee, Shan Shylla, Aporlet Shabong, Bankerlang Lapang and Bhabok Laloo.
He said that it is very important for parents and teachers to take action if they see such changes in a child.
Let this be a step in which we build a better society and country according to the ideals of these great men.
The battalion has won up to six “Chief of Army Staff” awards and many others.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister also informed the Union Minister that the existing wooden bridges in the state should be replaced by dewbilat bridges.
Answering questions, Bah Diengdoh said that regarding the Indians living on the border with Bangladesh, he admitted that it is true that the Election Commission I don't know if these people are on the electoral roll.
Referring to the schools in the District Councils, Bah Lyngdoh said that it is necessary to preserve the mother tongue by teaching them in primary schools and as of now all the schools have On the VAB, he said the BJP wants the Dorbar Shnongs to be recognized by law, but to be equal according to the Constitution of the country. If the party wins the current election, it will fight to ensure that the VAB should be abolished.
The RTI Act is not a place to solve problems but many times it has been a place where problems can be resolved, but many times the PIOs have in their minds how to avoid problems. which they receive RTI to avoid responding to requests for clarification.
During the two days of the reopening of the market, the police of Mylliem Hima and the enforcement of KHADC have worked hard to ensure that the shopkeepers, vendors, don't wear masks and that there is no gathering of people together.
Bah Kestar Warjri was elected as the president of St Paul's Seminary Past Pupils Association (SPSPPA) and Bah Dino Kympep was elected as the president of St Paul's Seminary Past Pupils Association (SPSPPA). as General Secretary and other office bearers.
Speaking at the annual State Level Gathering of All Adhock School Teachers held today at Madan Malki, he said that his government has been working hard since the beginning of the year. The day she took over the government, she put the education department at the forefront.
On the other hand, the DC said that the damage has also affected the environment as the trees in the hills and rivers have been affected and destroyed due to the storm on Sunday morning.
New Delhi, June 19: With a view to strengthening public administration in the country, the Central Government today decided to abolish the use of light saws in vehicles of government officials. work from the first of next month.
Speaking on the occasion, KN Kumar Additional Chief Secretary, said that 75% of the jackfruit in the state has been harvested. I will not throw away this tree.
The Federation wants to talk to the Chief Minister to urge the government to fully implement their rights and especially in employment. which has allocated 4% of the share for them under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
" UnquoteKnowledge is power, unity without knowledge is meaningless, therefore, I strongly urge our Honorable Ministers, MPs, MLAs, MDCs, Chiefs of Hima and Elaka and Raid The ILP has already been introduced in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 (BEFR 1873) for the areas under KHADC and JHADC. The Governor of India has approved the President of India on 3.5.1952 and has not ratified it in accordance with Paragraph 19 (1) (b). The decision of the Supreme Court on
In a statement sent to the media, the union said that according to the union's investigation, it was found that the Forest Department had allocated land to Hindus to build a temple at Mahadev Khola in 1923 and the allotment of land was strictly for religious purposes and not for migration.
The expansion of this road and the proximity of Guwahati Airport has made the Nongkhlaw Area a potential tourist attraction if you can see far and think.
Other party office bearers were also present to welcome and attend the re-joining of Bah Martamlin to the BJP party along with the President.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the issue of border demarcation is not a matter of decision. than to the past this task is not easy.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing by the police of Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District.
“This curfew on that day is only for the villages/kyntoit bahap in Jalaphet Pyllun,” said the Rangbah.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M.Mulieh, Chief Guest, congratulated the Manbha Foundation for organizing this program in this village, which is like a milestone to eradicate these evil practices. the future of our small nation.
The deceased were identified as Father Surendra Kumar Kanher, 48, of Visitation Parish, Lumshnong, Wannalin Marwein, 41, of Nongrah, Payal Agarwal, 29, of Nongrim Hills, Shillong and Nidhu Ranjan Paul, , 63 years old from Khliehriat.
Regarding the candidates who remain in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the party will contest from 42 constituencies in the MLA election. come.
The JHTOA urges the government to urgently set up a Blood Bank and not to ignore the demands of the JSU as it is the life and death of all of us in Jaintia Hills.
The work has begun and is underway.
The elders at that time relied on the Six Scheduled border but it is surprising why the Governments now ignore the Assam border crossing.
The RPO, Kolkata will print and send the passport to the address given in the application form.
Sherborlang Lyngdoh Mawlong MDC of Sohiong, who was present at the meeting, said that he came to the scene to understand the truth. CEM of KHADC regarding the demand for the removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima.
About 20 schools will participate in these days and these will come on their own days not on the same day because they have to follow the rules laid down by the government to protect against COVID-1
Replying to a question on the answer of the Prime Minister, the KSU leader said that the village is in the hands of the government, but the KSU stands by it. on the grounds that for now the construction of the railway should be suspended.
The SWS-EJHD also urges the Government authorities and other authorities to examine thoroughly all the syrnot from the villages handed over to them and to immediately inform the Dorbar Shnongs if there are any. who is the kind of syrnot who is shankhmat.
To improve the light bill, MeECL has been directed to ensure that the power outage should not continue to increase but should take measures to reduce it.
The new office was inaugurated by Samla SS Niangti, Member of the Central Executive Council and the meeting was conducted by Samla Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary of KSU JHDU. “As the leaders of the KSU in Jaintia Hills, we have been encouraged and strengthened when we see that as the days go by, more and more young people have come forward to join the KSU, and this shows. He said that the service of righteousness and selflessness of the KSU leaders has led many people to turn to the KSU. The work of the KSU has been recognized not only in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, but also all over the world,” he said.
To disperse the crowd, the police lathi charged and this resulted in injuries in which the police completed their duty although many people were injured to stop the clashes between the the two groups.
Nongstoiñ, March 23 : After 18 days of search for Bah Lostar Nongphud, who has been missing since 4th March, 2023, his family members have found his body on Sunday April 1, 2023.
SHILLONG, Jymmang 06: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has re-established another branch in West Jaintia Hills. the way it works.
If we define independence in terms of politics, then January 15, 1947, marks the end.
There are also government authorities who have issued orders that everyone should not have a bank account because digital and cashless transactions will be conducted instead of cash. .
The Tura MP has explained to the Union Finance Minister that synsar is a natural plant planted by the people of Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Ngalaland and Arunachal Pradesh. states of the North East of India.
If the Congress says that the RSS is working hard for the BJP, how will they feel if they say that the Congress is using the mynder as their vote bank?
The meeting was attended by the Superintendent of Police (SP), Chief Executive Officer of Shillong Cantonment Board, Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati, Secretary of Meghalaya Urban Development Authority, Chief Executive Officer of Shillong Municipal Board. and the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
The meeting was accompanied by the Minister of Power, AT Mondal and officials from the Union Power Department.
Shillong, July 30: There are 362 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 6 in East Jaintia Hills, 149 in East Khasi Hills and 149 in East West Khasi Hills. Hills 4, North Garo Hills 10, Ri Bhoi 20, South Garo Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 13, South West Khasi Hills 10, West Garo Hills 133, West Jaintia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills
Lal Ji Tandon has been appointed as the Governor of Bihar, the President's Office said in a statement today.
“This shyiap mining has threatened the dohum dohwah in the streams and rivers in these areas,” said the order of the District Magistrate.
The trader was abducted by suspected GNLA members from Marak's residence after he failed to pay the money demanded by the militants.
During the visit, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, promised to the Hima Mylliem that he will allocate funds from the SCAS of the Central Government for the repair of the market. the Hima Mylliem which is the owner of the market.
He said that according to the rules laid down by the CM, the implementation of the scheme should be only for buildings and the MDCs who have submitted their proposals, the District Level Committee has suggested that construction of roads, footpaths, schools and others.
This short film is about the nature of this place where many kinds of soh grow in this Ri Khasi.
Most of the politicians in Meghalaya are Christians. If you read the book of Exodus, you will find that Pharaoh paid the magicians who were Hebrews.
Three persons have lost their lives after a truck without registration number collided with a 300 meter deep river at Lad Mawkhap. It is located in the district of Pynursla.
Therefore, after careful discussion, the CEC has decided to temporarily remove the posts of President and General Secretary of the CoRP Central Body until the elections in October, 2018 to re-elect them. the two top posts within the party.
The number of cases by district is 1, East Khasi Hills 60, Ri Bhoi 20, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 41, West Jaintia Hills .
They were welcomed by Union Minister of State for Child Development KJ Alphons and other BJP leaders in the presence of supporters of the four MLAs who joined the BJP today.
Summersalt, one of the leading bands in the state, on Tuesday released a song in English titled 'Survive', one of the songs from the album. batch.
Shillong, March 10: The Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the BJP should not only express its views but should write to the Prime Minister's Office according to the rules of law. , what prevents the BJP from doing this, the BJP's goal is only to put rinsing.
“If the government wants to do what is necessary, it should consult first so that nothing will happen later,” said the statement.
Brahmachari Vairagyachaitanya, Director-Academics Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, said that 582 students have been trained in this training and 414 of them have received training. he went to Syrnot.
Under this scheme, 290 roads will be implemented with a total length of 1112 km and 419 roads have been completed in the last five years.
When asked whether the EC will introduce any Bill in the two-day session, the CEM said that there will be no Bill in the current session. only two days.
He said that the priority for the states is to strictly implement the guidelines in the hotspot areas.
Other speakers at the meeting were Mawlong Executive Director, Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority, Bah R. Nongkhlaw, Deputy Director, Information and Public Relations Department, Government.
Shillong, July 06: The Joint Action Committee of Social Organizations of South West Khasi Hills District, which includes nine civil society organisations, has met with the CEM of Khasi Hills District, Bah PN Syiem NOC should not be issued for the road from Nongsyoin to Wahkaji-Mawthabah if it is for the purpose of mining uranium.
The Committee will comprise one ASHA from one district, one VHC from one district and one VHC from another. the district, NHM officers, and State Government officers.
Other speakers at the meeting were PJP Hanaman, Member of the MHRC, who explained the views of the MHRC and C Lyngwa, Commandant, 1Bn MLP, spoke on the issue of W Diengdoh spoke on the role of the court and A Kharwanlang from Grassroots spoke on the role of civil society organizations on human rights. .
Shillong, November 13: BSF troops from 193 Battalion on 12/12/2023 seized a truck from the Bangladesh border at Dulainala village. They were sent to Bangladesh.
Initially, she worked hard using what she could get from her village and when she saw that the work was progressing, she took a loan of T.500000/- from Urban Bank Jowai. After paying, she took T.50,000/- from SBI to run the business.
Garoland, Total Area: 9026 sq.km, Population: 11,03,115.
The Seng will set up units in all colleges and universities where there are students of the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Four Congress leaders Randeep Singh Surjewala, CP Joshi, General Secretary, AICC, Incharge North-East; Nabam Tuki and Vincent H. Pala, in a statement on Saturday night, demanded that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, should answer to the countries on the signing of the UN Security Council. socially with the NSCN(IM).
The HNYF also strongly condemns the criticism of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun by alleging that they have not looked after the chairman . This is as if it has brought together all the Dorbar Shnongs who have been involved in the bloodshed since 1979 onwards.
In the earthquake, not only the houses were destroyed but many houses were damaged on Friday night.
Shillong, July 30: The inability to deliver all the ration cards to the people who should have received them is due to the displacement of people.
The street lights were inaugurated by Rajashekar KN, Commandant of 123 Bn BSF in the presence of Bah Rocket Shabong and Bah Rostanwell Mawkhlieng Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the residents.
“We are still monitoring those involved in smuggling this Kynja to Iewduh,” said the Shillong Police Chief.
The BSF from time to time monitors the entry and exit of people in the border areas with India and Bangladesh.
This is wrong because we have seen that states like Mizoram, Assam have 371 and there are also district councils and Article 371 and Sixth Schedule work together in these states.
Due to the activities of the UPA Government between 2005-12, in which long-term oil bonds worth Rs 1.44 lakh crore were issued instead of losses to the OMCs, the taxpayers of India have so far they are paying Rs 3.2 lakh crore as interest and ownership fees.
Union Minister Anurag Singh Thakur will take part in the Khelo India University Games along with Assam Chief Minister Himata Biswa Sarma.
Bah Nongrem requested all the Rangbah Shnongs, civil society organizations and political parties to attend the event.
He said that lakhs of women in Assam will benefit from this.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the cleaning of vehicles along the Umiew River and also to ban the dumping of garbage in the river.
One government after another, has ignored the need for the most important roads for the residents as well as connecting roads for trade.
The Chief Minister said that all the members of the HPC have been invited to attend the meeting but the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma did not attend the meeting. HPC. Shillong, July 01: The All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) today staged a protest to demand that the university authorities should recognize them as employees. completely.
As the government has not released this amount, the union has decided to request for RTI to find out more details regarding this amount of T.104 crore in July that they have submitted the RTI and now they have received the information.
Furthermore, the Unit distributed Certificates to the participants of the programs held on this day.
The power generation capacity is 379 GW which is enough to meet the electricity demand of 190 GW. The Government has also put forward plans to meet the electricity demand in the future.
U Bah Donbok said that it is still possible to be called a patriot of the country and the nation rather than the corrupt law enforcement agencies who will become a threat to the country and the nation. tomorrow.
He said that it has been decided to elect leaders including MLAs and MDCs from all over the state where there will be a consultation on the implementation of the DREAM project.
He said that the work of understanding the aspirations of the people and the needs of the regions is ongoing and that government departments are working by understanding the feelings of the people.
(SP News).24: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has accused the contractor of irregularities in the implementation of the Umsning-Mawrong road, which is about 16 km long. The road has been completed without proper maintenance for the benefit of the people of the area.
The excessive use of these pesticides destroys the ability to fight against the pests/species that cause the disease to the plant and the results they produce are loss of health among those who buy or consume them and putting farmers who have the ability to farm back below the poverty line.
The case has been registered at the Cyber ​​Crime Police Station.
On the other hand, the two organizations have decided to continue to work together on issues affecting the welfare and livelihood of the people in Northeast and South India.
Regarding the injured, the government will provide financial assistance for their treatment.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that Anaenia is a common disease in Meghalaya and India as a whole, due to the lack of food among the people during the they are still young.
Minister of Rural Development At Mondal explained about this public campaign to honor the freedom fighters of India and at the same time it is necessary to preserve the environment. and the Central Government to develop the State and the Country further.
In the complaint, the party said that there are 17 issues which are against the Constitution of the country.
They were arrested from a forest on the border of Assam and Meghalaya. During the arrest, their camp was also destroyed and weapons were seized.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Ardent said that Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks on behalf of Dr Mukul Sangma, President of the HSPDP, who is also Co-Chairman of the HSPDP, Tehlok said that all this is due to Dr Mukul's fear of the group which the UDP and HSPDP have decided to work together.
“Embracing yoga is essential.
Shillong, Lber 17: The ICAR Research Complex, Umiam today organized the Krishi Unnati Mela, 2018 in collaboration with the Zonal Technology Management Unit (ZTMU). The meeting was held via video conference.
At present, all the activities of the party and the full members of the Circle are still united and firm on the basis of opposition to uranium and the road leading to it.
To date, 1,13,07,002 samples have been tested through Government and private labs within the ICMR's diagnostic network of 1180 labs across the country.
The festival will be opened by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong at noon and the closing day by the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma along with the Minister of Tourism Bah Paul. Priest.
All advertisements relating to political activities shall be used only after certification and permission of the authority designated to approve such advertisements.
He said that although this region is farther from the Indian mainland, but 95% of the borders of this region are close to neighboring countries and this is why India is There is no need to have a relationship with the neighboring countries by having an understanding with these countries in the trade.
This is something behind the fact that in previous years, the post of Depot Manager has been promoted to the post of Deputy General Manager (DGM) but the advertisement for the two posts, namely, the post Assistant General Manager and Assistant General Manager (Administrative) has caused problems to the regular employees who should have been promoted.
Shillong, June 20: BSF troops deployed to guard the border between India and Bangladesh today seized a stolen firearm from Umkiang village in East Jaintia Hills District.
The CAG report (for the year ended 31 March 2011) has confirmed that the politicians in power in the State have auctioned the forests and the State just to get their wealth. factory floor.
He urged all the people to work together to fight against this evil.
You can test with Antigent Test Kits.
He strongly condemned the Meghalaya Police who arrived late at the village after receiving a tip from 9.00 pm but they arrived at the village at 4 pm. asked how far it is from Nongpoh.
So far, only two of those arrested are members of FKJGP. The Information Secretary of the FKJGP was the first to be charged with MPDA.
“Fortunately, the truck hit our vehicle first and if it had hit the Auto Rickshaw first, there would have been no death and God bless those inside the Auto Rickshaw. He was still in critical condition at the Civil Hospital and another has been discharged,” he said.
According to video footage, the policeman threw a stun grenade (tear gas) inside the shop at the parking lot opposite the SBI Main Branch this morning.
The training was held today on how the youth of this area can join the army and other trainings at this special training which was held today at Mawpat.
If the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District do not retreat within a day, the party promises to go to the public and take other strong measures.
The petition sent by Kong Nongbri to the Union Minister of State for Child Development has also spread on social media.
The Seng does not have anything to say on the reasons for the protest but the public meeting at Khyndailad on the 21st of this month was to draw attention to the protests that affect the livelihood of the people especially you are shiliang cup shiliang.
They (Police) entered the house for two or three days.
The foundation will take care of these issues.
Because they have been elected, because they are the ones who rule the state if they lose now they have to take responsibility if they can get the ILP they are ready to honor all 60 people.
Paul Lyngdoh said that the festival will start with the three-day Megha Kayak Fest from 12th to 14th March at Umtham Village, Ri Bhoi District. day in Shillong from 14th to 16th November.
The Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon, told SP News Agency that the office has received a notice from the government that the Assembly will start on the 8th November. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that it is not yet clear whether the allegation is true or not, after he called and asked the officers. he shall not be able to say whether it is true or not.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Pius Marwein said that his victory is due to the hard work of all the supporters of the party, from the top leaders, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and all party office bearers and congratulated them all.
Shillong, July 13: The Village Council of Mawiong Diengpasoh Road, which falls under the Raid Mawpdang, has given 40 days to the Syiem of Khyrim to respond to their opposition to the sale of the Raid land to private individuals. don't be in this village.
The delegation was led by Bah John Lyngdoh President of Shillong Branch in the presence of other members of the HYC.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of this area said that the floods have been severe and many houses have been affected by the floods and the school has been most affected. St Jude Secondary School Upper Ri Bhoi District.
Mairang, Nailar 09: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today has informed that after the testing of all the high risk contacts.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Executive Members in charge of Trading License, Bah Laitsing Shylla, said that it is difficult for the JHADC to implement the Trading License. Shops especially in areas where there is coal, the shopkeepers say that these Dkhars are only their employees.
This training will last for two weeks.
Jowai, November 09: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( Jaintia Hills ) has demanded the recognition of the Pnar medicine from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi was the Chief Guest, Minister of State Bah Kyrmen Shylla was the Chief Guest, President of the Khasi Authors Society Dr. DRL Nonglait. , Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Dr. Phervision Nongtdu, Vice President of KAS, Khliehriat, Bah ES Shangpliang, Head of Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong, Teachers and students of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai
The ILP is part of the Central Government and the State Government cannot do anything because the decision has to be taken by the Central Government.
In addition, flights from Agra to Bangalore and Agra to Bhopal on UDAN 3, from Prayagraj to Bhubaneswar and Prayagraj to Bhopal on UDAN 2, and Dibrugarh to Dimapur on UDAN
Bah Nongtraw said that instead of taking action against the spread of drugs, the Police Department and the Government seem to be wasting their time by accusing and arresting the youth.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of Education, the civil society groups said that this came to light on 29th November, after a complaint was lodged with the police and they have now been arrested. and are in the custody of the police for questioning for five days.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the Meghalaya Skill Competition 2018 at the Government Industrial Training Institute, Rynjah.
He also inaugurated various development schemes worth Rs 5200 crore for Varanasi.
The party has also lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and the Home Minister James K Sangma demanding the arrest of the perpetrators. .
For this purpose, the Central Government has allocated T.20,339 crore.
Everyone was allowed to speak for 2 minutes and many of them took part.
Shillong, Shillong: The Pommura Dorbar Shnong on November 11, 2017 has re-elected Bah Lambhalang Nongshli as the Sordar and Shemphang Warjri as the General Secretary and 10 Executive Members.
If Outdoors: Avoid entering damaged buildings.
Worldwide, about 1.1 billion women and girls are unemployed and many of these do not have access to digital technology.
The march was held on the main roads of Shillong.
Four persons on these two bikes fled into the forest when they saw the police and the police chased them away. Police have found that this person has been involved in many thefts.
In his speech, the MLA of Salmanpara, WD Sangma, expressed his satisfaction that the people of Salmanpara have received this benefit and urged the people to cooperate to can accomplish this task quickly.
Jayadevi, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai, Jayadevi and Deputy Director, DDK have supported the NERCORMP project for sustainable income generation. Shillong Sarnag Pofale, M&CO PIB Gopajit Das and NEC officers attended the meeting.
The office bearers of the Primary Units are Amphreng Primary Unit, President Johny Sakra, General Secretary Nogen Lymphouid and 45 members.
The girl, when she felt different in the way she was walking, she informed her family and friends and they also informed the police in Mairang and soon the police informed the police in Umiam Ri Bhoi. The police arrested the suspect and rescued the girl from the hands of the suspect.
In this regard, the state has taken several measures such as strengthening the Village Water and Sanitation Committees (VWSCs) and the preparation of the Village Action Plan with the approval of the Gram Sabha, where the villagers discuss. about the water supply works they need.
On the other hand, the rangbah of the household has gone to help the household with tin sop iing so that they can cover the roof of the house which has been destroyed by the storm. and the elders shall bear witness.
If you have any questions, please call 8257960682 and
LG Nongsej is the MDC of Nongstoin.
At present, this place is still far from being completed so the central government and the state governments of this area should take action to complete this work for the benefit of the girls and athletes of this area. east of India.
“By faith in God, on the 27th July, 2024 we had a meeting with the members of the Council of the District of Shillong, the Parish Priest of the Parish Pynthorumkhrah and the Elders of the Church where we decided to Mawpdang Parish,” said Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that he is ready to accept to assist and advise the District Councils to maintain, strengthen and improve the customs and traditions and requested to set up a special committee. to be able to exchange ideas in various areas.
At the same time, Bah Syiem said that this action at this time has something behind it, and we will not allow such an idea, the idea brought forward for this issue in the meeting. The dorbar was supposed to discuss both the right and the opposition but it was forcibly rejected and the bill was forcibly passed without the consent of both sides.
The presence of this government office in Ratacherra, not only benefits the State but also strengthens the border of the State that we are the owners of the land in the border areas. The Chief Minister of Ratacherra, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party has spoken to the party leaders from Mawryngkneng.
We have also seen his commitment to the border issue as he himself went to Khatkasla on the day when the Assam police came to build a camp.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today distributed Tablet PCs to the students of West Garo Hills in Tura.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Suk Mynsiem Shad organized by the Khasi Seng Kmie has started at Madan Weiking with 150 dancers, 54 women and 54 men. 96 men.
Aug.2013 to take the necessary action in this regard, but until now the government has remained silent in this regard.
After the amendment of Section 176 of the National Human Rights CrPC since 2005, there have been 39 complaints of rape of women even in prison.
Even though BSF troops threw stones at Bangladeshis at Wah Umngut on 14/June/2024, one man was injured in the leg.
The loss is also for the state as a whole as he was one of the leaders of the HNYF who used to work hard with the KSU, FKJGP, SSSS in relation to the border issues. State and Bangladesh through a group known as the Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB).
On the other hand, the Prime Minister prayed for the eternal rest of his soul.
In the Modern Song category, Manchai Phom won the first prize of T.50,000/- while Bah Ribhakupar won the first prize of T.100,0 /- amount.
Discussing on this issue, some farmers said that the kilo cut is still ongoing.
In this regard, it is not clear why the Vendees Cards were issued and how they work especially when compared to the guidelines. There are vendees cards that can be used to enter and also to buy goods.
Wandalin Syiemiong, Payal Bhommik and Olivia Dkhar won in the 60 kg category.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Hek, said that he will discuss the matter tomorrow morning with the authorities in charge of the hospital. central government.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Justice Aftab H. Saikia, Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Tuesday visited the Shillong District Jail. A Mawlong and the head of the jail department.
In this regard, the Government has issued a notice on 23rd November 2020 to ensure the cleanliness of the air.
On the other hand, Kong A Suchiang General Secretary of the union requests the government to conduct a special examination for them to get the job. They don't know what happened and they don't know what happened. They request the government to think for them.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that he stands on behalf of the Education Department of the State Government to congratulate the Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS, which has reached this milestone.
He added that cleanliness is more important than freedom of expression as Gandhi said.
“In 1967, the District Administration issued a resolution on the implementation of Section 144 CrPC, which clearly stated that this the Section cannot be applied as a prohibitive instrument rather than hearing and problems.
This is according to a public announcement by the Sirdar of Umniuh-Tmar District.
Commander Shangpliang said that the celebration of this day will be held in all the districts, blocks, circles and units as much as possible.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
Compared to the four blocks which the government has upgraded to the status of Civil Sub Division, Mawsynram Block is older than them. Division is the illegal exploitation of the people of this area.
On the other hand, the two Sengbhalang also expressed their anger over the secrecy of the Council under the leadership of Madonbai Rymbai as CEM on the invitation for interview and appointment of him which is outside the budget of the Council. March 2014 after the term of MDC or the Government in charge of JHADC. Furthermore, the CEM together with their EC should immediately remove this fraud and discrimination, which has been outside the rules of appointment. of the Council, because the JHADC is not its private business or own property but it belongs to the people, who have elected the MDCs to be the protectors and change agents in the country. The JHADC through the government is not clean.
The celebration was enriched by the participation of the residents of Nongrynniaw including neighboring villages such as Nongmawngap, Mawngap-Kynjang, Nongrim Thawrat, Thangtngaw, Riangsiehkhon, Mawthung-Nongpdeng and Riangsieh. 90 students.
In this regard, a public meeting will be held on the 2nd June 2019 at Baniun at 11.00 pm.
The current demand for this product is high while its supply is limited.
When asked about the changes in the achievements that have come through the introduction of regional development and ownership of PM-Awas (Gramin) to improve the quality of life, u Myntri Rangbah Duh said: Momin said this has really changed jobs.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Eastern Air Command today distributed medicines at Tyrsad village where more than 850 people received assistance from the air force.
Regarding the struggle of the HNLC, the HNLC firmly believes that the country and the people should go together because the country without the people has no meaning and the people cannot live without the country.
In Meghalaya, 14 cases have been confirmed, 12 have recovered, one has died and one is undergoing treatment.
On the other hand , the Prime Minister congratulated the commission for preparing the bill to increase the salaries of government employees in a timely manner , before the government takes a decision To implement this new salary increase, it has to look at all sides with the approval of the commission.
He said that if the police need to ask for any clarification from the KSU leaders, they should have called in the morning and not to arrest the person at midnight.
At the same time, they give us the responsibility to have a healthy body.
The Integrated Command and Control Center (ICCC) implemented under the Shillong Smart City Project funded by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India will be completed soon.
At present, the people can come to meet the officers and EMs only twice a day on Tuesdays and Fridays. COVID-19.
The company has set itself the goal of facing the challenges ahead in order to provide services to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
In order to fight against these crimes in the state, the state still relies on the military forces of the central government.
The meeting was held to express to him the delay in the construction of the NEHU Jowai Campus at Wahiajer West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, NESO Chairman and former KSU President Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that as a nation, we are still fighting to protect ourselves from the invasion of the authorities. .
Vehicles have been able to travel as usual in all districts of the state since morning, but only in Shillong, the driving of vehicles according to odd and even numbers will continue to operate.
Regarding the land acquisition, the EM in charge of this issue said in the House that a committee has been set up with him as the chairman and other members. It was also announced in the House that the MDC of Nongstoin will also be on the committee.
Police sources said that the group, which clashed with the police on Tuesday night, is under the command of GNLA Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira.
VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday suggested to the State Government to send engineers and experts to inspect the old bridge. which is adjacent to the Umïam Bridge to check whether it is still neem which can only allow vehicles to pass through this nar bridge.
Speech by the Chief Adviser of the Party, Ma Tejbir Singh, in his speech, he expressed his gratitude for having this opportunity to be with the students of Tuber School. as one of the most famous towns in the world.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the registration has started on the 11th of this month and will end on the 30th of this month. can accept application forms of.
Programs like MGNREGS, PMGSY and JalJeevan Mission are being implemented in an efficient manner.
He said the unused land at Polo between the Polo Towers and the Majestic Hotel will be handed over to the Urban Development Department from the Forest Department for construction as a parking lot.
Incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma, who won from the NCP, has not yet said whether she will contest the upcoming MP election or not. Purno A Sangma, president of the party, will contest this time.
“He said that in his view, the voters of Meghalaya have started to reject and it may be the NPP's goal to win this election.
I'm sorry if it happens to me now, tomorrow it will happen to someone else.
However, the party will continue to visit Biang Kat until it finds out the truth.
This order will put at risk the people of the area especially in the border areas and coal mining areas of South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block.
Samla Rangbah KS Rani has been with the HNYF for more than 20 years and as the President of the HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle since 2004 and as the President of the HNYF Western. Region since
Referring to India, in terms of space research, the government has allocated enough funds to ensure that ISRO does not have any problems and now the Indian government has opened up private companies in this field. part of watching in the sky.
Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “This shop will be a platform for the people of Meghalaya to showcase their products and skills. in the capital of the country, so that those who are willing to pay a high price for these goods can buy them.
In Sohra, the curfew was imposed from 6.00 pm to 8.00 pm.
Deb was accompanied by Prof S Umdor in charge of Sports Department.
I am confident that the UDP will continue to grow in the years to come,” said Bah Antonio War.
“I support the resolution in the District Council and Assembly that the Executive Committee or Cabinet should ban the uranium mining. I also support the demand for a CBI inquiry on the no objection. I don't remember the certificate, accept that it was issued, the NOC was issued for only one year 2007-2008 and after that it should be renewed.
They were taken to CHC Bhoirymbong for treatment by 108 Ambulance.
At the same time, Momin is the Chief Executive Officer of the Baghmara Municipal Board.
The committee headed by the Chief Secretary has approved the schemes of GHADC. While the KHADC has not yet sent the schemes to the state government for the committee headed by the Chief Secretary to sit down to consider. Whether it is sufficient or not according to the rules laid down by the Central Government, the amount of T.133 crore has been released.
Speaking on the occasion, Ubah PBO Warjri, IAS Additional Chief Secretary, said that I am very happy that the state has celebrated its 42nd anniversary today. It is progressing in all aspects and is in peace without any violence and bloodshed.
There are 33 recoveries, 12 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 19 from West Garo Hills. 92369 cases, 1595 deaths.
: Two persons have been killed in a tragic incident after a fish truck overturned on the Shillong-Jowai road at Mawblei, Shillong.
Speaking as the new President of the AJYWO Central Body, Bah Reachingson Siangshai, expressed his gratitude to the members of the AJYWO Central Body, who have appointed him to lead the party.
Unidentified robbers have detonated petrol bombs in front of the gates of Sadar Police Station and Rynjah Police Station and the office of MGCC in MGCC this morning. area Rilbong.
The JAC includes the MPUF, the Ri-Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO), the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), Saiñdur Tipkur, Tipkha and Ehrngiew. The STIEH and the MPSO have demanded that the Tourism Department of the State Government should immediately postpone the closing date of the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival on the 19th of November. , 2023 which will be held on Friday at Kurkalang Stadium, Bhoirymbong District.
In his speech, the Minister in charge of Education said that the joint efforts of parents and teachers have brought success to the students.
This information was received from the office of the SSC NER, Guwahati.
Today's meeting opened a special opportunity for all those involved in these activities including Government officials, ODOP vendors and those involved, media related officers.
In the Junior Girls' 42 kg category, Dayalanki Challan of West Khasi Hills defeated Sritee Kumari of West Jaintia Hills to win the gold medal while Aurialla Wasabi K. Marak and Jaksal Arimchi T. Sangma won the bronze medals.
Police in West Garo Hills District said that some of them received this offer and when they called they received an order to deposit the money in their bank account India Bank. money for the purpose of doing their work.
: The road constructed under the Smart City Project in Lachumiere village has left many churches in darkness after being cleaned with dewbilat and no longer with a colored road as in the past.
Once again, we turn to the example of the Hima Nongstoin and Maharam Hima where the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) authorities have approved and enacted in 2006 and The Syiem and his Durbar shall have the right to register land or issue a Non-encumbrance Certificate or Land Holding Certificate or patta to the landowner in accordance with the prevailing. customs and usages of the Syiemship.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lorenzo expressed his pride for these five winners and encouraged the two winners to continue working. it is difficult to train more and more.
Sohmylleng is about 85 km away and is also the mission field of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church.
“Bah Robert June Kharjarin is a new candidate and has no signs of illness.
The construction of the Integrated Administrative Complex is expected to cost up to T.550 crore.
There are 69 recoveries today from East Khasi Hills, 50 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
These foreigners who raise cattle in these areas do not have any proper documents and at the same time these areas fall under the Municipal area and no cattle can be raised.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: All traders in India, from large companies to small traders, have learned that the central government will implement a new tax collection system known as 'Goods. The Central Government has announced that it will implement the GST from 1st November this year across India and this will be a major change. regarding the new revenue collection system and the task before the government is to educate the people in this regard.
With this victory, the government will strive as much as possible to create employment opportunities for the people of the state and to improve their income as a whole. with the opportunities that new technologies according to this modern era.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh will be the Chief Guest at the Lyngdohsad consecration ceremony in the presence of the Bishops of the North East.
There are 138 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 18 cases in Ri Bhoi.
“The faulty working and the lack of proper installation of the pin insulator in the post light has caused the post light to connect to the electricity and this has caused this tragic incident,” he said. We strongly demand from the government authorities especially the Minister of Electricity to pay compensation immediately to this family and the Seng will follow up on this matter until the family members of this family The children will get their rights,” said the Seng leaders in these areas.
This was announced by Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Political parties were requested to submit copies of their speeches for inclusion in the proceedings.
This step was taken to fulfill the promise made by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The MCIC today held a meeting with the parents of Bah Pynshai Mawri who will represent Meghalaya in the upcoming World Cup in Ashgabat, Turmenistan. from the 24th and will end on the 30th of this month.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Emlang Lyttan said that these areas of Mylleim Lum are still lagging behind in all aspects. to empower those Leaders or to elect those Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State in this MLA Election
He said the Government has proposed to build more roads connecting to the National Highways whether it is the Shillong Bypass or the Shillong-Jowai road.
In a letter sent to the CEM today, the KSUP said that the KHADC should implement the Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 Bill
Although the Government of India has already repealed this Act for implementation in Meghalaya since June 2018, the danger that lies ahead if it is implemented again, this Act empowers Military power that they can misuse to the point of taking human life in the name of violating the law of the land.
The allegation of corruption against Lumpohsih is T.1.15 crore and that of JHADC is T.1.18 crore.
The implementation of the GST will also help in attracting foreigners to invest in India as now the whole of India will have the same law for all. the employment and income of the people of the country.
Regarding the Youth Policy, the State Youth Wing has tried to bring about discussion and believes that the suggestions will come true and believes that in 2023 the UDP will do well and the people will turn to the UDP. “We will lead the government with the UDP party and we believe that our aspirations will be achieved,” said Bah Embhah.
These people have been arrested under the NDPS Act and investigation is ongoing to find out more about those involved in this smuggling. they shall not escape the hand of the law.
Thousands of people from the Meghalaya Coaches Association, Meghalaya Coach Women's Association and All Achik Youth Federation have taken part in the event. , Meghalaya Hajong Welfare Association, Garo Students' Union, A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement and Ampati Youth Welfare Organization.
On this occasion, the 101st Brigade has laid a wreath at the statue of Riblong Point, Shillong.
Mudang Buggi from Arunachal Pradesh, Ananya Choudhury from Assam, Supriya Laimayum from Manipur, Reuben Mewanshuwa Hadem from Meghalaya, RK Lalduhkima from Mizoram, Sentisangla Oungth from Nagaland and and Joseph Sada of Sikkim.
The promotion of strong infrastructure is a key element in the unlocking of the opportunities available in tourism.
In a letter sent to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, HITO said that the people of the state have spoken up on this issue. The people want to know on what basis the government stands on this issue.
It is less than 10 weeks since the new government was formed.
Shillong, July 29: The Umsawkhwan Youth Wing, regarding the news of the Mawphlai Forest corruption scandal which appeared in the media on the 28th of this month, has expressed its deep sorrow. Bah Paul Lyngdoh has strongly opposed the claim of Lum Mawpalai as government land.
Speaking to SP News Agency, a BSF spokesman said they believe that the incident was carried out by the ANVC(B).
Special awards were also presented in the categories of NIFT Best Academic Performance Award, NIFT Award for Meritorious Student and NIFT Student of the Year Award.
Their words are false.
Nongstoin, July 17: The HSPDP party in Nongstoin has been united and there is no difference of opinion as reported in one of the Khasi newspapers today. .
The union also said that Himanta Biswa Sarma should know that Mukroh village falls under the jurisdiction of the JHADC and the Khadar administration has been empowered by the JHADC. The area is located in West Karbi Anglong District.
The department is confident that this meeting will improve the knowledge and understanding of the people of the area on the tax issue.
On the other hand, KHUDA under the leadership of former CEM Bah PN Syiem has 12 MDCs as no nominated MDC has been appointed yet.
These 17 Shooting Athletes won medals in the categories of 10M Air Rifle Men (NR), 10M Air Rifle Women (NR), 50M Rifle Prone Men Individual (NR), 10M Mixed Team Air Rifle, 10M Air Pistol. Men Individual (NR), 10M Air Pistol Women Individual (NR), 25M Pistol Championship Women Individual (NR), 25M Pistol Championship Women Individual (NR), 10M Air Pistol Youth.
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today said that it is against the central government's request to bring back the MDCs. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016, to allow Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Parsees, Christians and Buddhists living in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan to come to India as citizens.
He said that on the one hand we have already received the approval of India on the Khasi State, but on the other hand we have not been able to fulfill these promises to bring in the Assembly or Council of the Hima Khasi States. , and this has created a problem in relation to the children of the thousands of Hynniewtrep.
This decision was taken to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The 58 Gorkha Training Center is located at Happy Valley, Shillong and is a dedicated facility to train the youth of the area in sports so that they can participate in sports whether at the National or National Games. International.
The Behdeinkhlam dance started from Sein Raij at Stand Jeep and went to Wahthapbroo to Mawkhar and returned to the same place where the dance ended with prayer.
The North Eastern Hills University today celebrated the 151st birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi at the university and the theme of this year is “Self-Reliant North”. East.
The Princess of Thailand will be in Sohra and will spend the night in this place known for the heaviest rainfall in the world.
The Nari Shakti Puraskar 2022 will be awarded by the Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Union Government on the occasion of International Women's Day on 8th October, empowerment of women, especially vulnerable and disadvantaged women.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Trycolur Kurkalang, Leader of the Right to Information (RTI) Team of Mawkhan Pasir Village, Shillong, on Tuesday night, said that on Friday night, the 22nd of this month, They went to the house of Bah Seiborlang Langstih and during this visit they shot and beat him who is also one of the Rangbah Dong.
MPMC President Ebel M.War was the chief guest in the presence of other members of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 22: A household in Manad village in South West Khasi Hills District has been forced to quarantine in the forest after coming to Shillong to visit one of the hospitals in Shillong.
Such as molybdenum, rhenium, tungsten, cadmium, indium, gallium, graphite, vanadium, tellurium, selenium, nickel, cobalt, tin, the list of elements platinum, minerals in the list of precious metals (non-uranium) and Thorium); chemical minerals such as potash, glauconite and phosphate (without uranium) and minerals removed from the list of atomic minerals.
This is according to a statement from the PIB, Shillong.
Therefore, I humbly request all the Seng Bhalang to forget any difference of opinion and to convene a public meeting as soon as possible without delay to express our opposition to the current Governor for these reasons and that The Government of India under the wise leadership of the Hon'ble Prime Minister, Narendra Modiji, should immediately remove Tagatha Roy as Governor of Meghalaya and appoint another Governor if he is a Tribal.
According to sources, the incident happened in Huroi village in East Jaintia Hills District.
The team will not change the reviews to change the opinion.
Another speech at the meeting which encouraged the audience was the speech of the leader of KWADA, Kong Margret, who said that the people of the land are blessed by God. God and the country is full of milk and fish so we should not allow foreigners to come and live here , she said . She said that all the people who came at this time came to demand the right to get the ILP, and we will be kings and masters in our own land and not for other people to come and be.
This was announced by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at 10.00 pm today.
In his speech, Deputy Chief Minister Bindo M Lanong paid tribute to the school which has been running for 50 years and at the same time said that in this age of I don't need knowledge and courage.
Bah Lawai has worked for the Nongsian Hima newspaper as Joint Editor and before reaching this title he has worked for the Dongmusa newspaper for many years.
Meanwhile, the driver of the car escaped by himself taking advantage of the forest lightning and the darkness of the night leaving behind the cows and the car.
She also has four daughters aged 12 years, 7 years, 3 years and a baby 1 month old.
Shillong, November 13: U Silvester Nongtnger Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today said that the police will soon seize the vehicles which exceed the limit.
The Garo Students' Union (GSU) has alleged that the protest by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is only political.
A student has submitted his documents from Bihar and Rajasthan including Birth Certificate but he has received a PPRC from Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills. .
On the other hand, the Home Minister of India has extended his special congratulations to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh for the country's GDP growth of 7.78 per cent this year.
The government will look into the demands and take measures as soon as possible, the government said.
This will be mainly to create measures to protect the lives and livelihoods of the residents living along the Shella River as well as the Shella Village as a whole.
The time has not come to talk or call for talks, but the government should take a decision to cancel the construction of the railway line.
The General Secretary of the Seng Kmie, Samla Rangbah Roy Kupar Synrem, read out the oath of office to the new members of the Seng. Pledge According to the Constitution of the Seng, before becoming full members, they must take an oath and pledge before the country and the nation to serve it faithfully through the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council. .
Shillong, July 26: The HSPDP is the only party in preparation for the election to be held on the 23rd of this month. Your office works.
Bless Dkhar admitted that this action of the union has prompted MUDA to suspend the new construction in Mawlong Market.
The IOA urged the Minister and the MSOA to make arrangements to visit Rio as observers to get valuable advice on the management of large-scale sporting events such as the Olympics.
Police have confirmed that this was not the fire of a petrol pump but the fire of a petrol truck belonging to M/s Baman Service Station, Nongrim Hills, Shillong. additional forms.
Referring to the roads, the Chief Minister said that the Shillong-Nongstoin-Rongjeng-Tura Road has a length of 272 kilometers and is the highest at a cost of nearly 3000 kilometers. thousands of shadows.
In this regard, the KSU has also met with Bah Ardent Miller Basaiamoit, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC to discuss the issue of the attack on KHADC personnel on Tuesday.
The union is surprised that the company has been collecting money from the gate at 20 Mer, while the bridge at Umsaw Nongkharai and other places has not been built for many months. road in the area and vehicles have to pass on the wrong side which can lead to accidents at any time.
They also expressed the need to clarify whether the KHADC authorities intend to use the IOA & AA provisions to enhance the Sixth Schedule which is part of the Constitution of India. They wanted to help establish the true rights of the Hima Khasi States.
Because India has followed the rule of the British government and even the 565 kingdoms as well.
The allocation of T.1936.37 crore for the fiscal year 2019-2020 will be of great benefit as the population of the state is very low. and lending is only between 30% and 32% which is very low in the lending system.
The remaining ones will be provided with adequate drinking water in the 2013-2014 fiscal year and the allocation has reached Rs.1300 crore.
Many of the parents have raised the question why the government department has chosen this place which does not fit and the time they have set is not right.
Shah said that in the last 10 years, incidents related to terrorism, terrorist violence, naxal activities and ethnic conflicts have decreased by 65% ​​and this is due to the step of our brave police.
It is also an attempt to silence the party when it speaks out against its opposition to the importation of foreigners at this time of the coronavirus outbreak.
During the investigation, Samsul Hoque and Abdul Aziz confessed to the kidnapping and gave the phone number of another person involved in the kidnapping.
Shillong Lajong FC midfielder Redeem Tlang scored the first goal of the match and it was a victory for Shillong Lajong FC. Aizawl FC tried their best to score and had many chances but thanks to the skill of the goalkeeper Lajong managed to prevent the goal from being scored and this victory. This is the first time that Shillong has been abroad.
Although the football World Cup is being held in Qatar, the enthusiasm of the people here is not low," he said.
At the same time, the union urges the police not to enter the houses of people, as this causes intimidation and intimidation to the people living inside the houses.
Police have arrested these three persons for further investigation and during the investigation they have found that they do not have proper documents. The total number of arrests has risen to 22 in the past two months.
In his speech, the Chief Minister stressed that the government wants and is eager to bring the best education to the students of the state and said how education can make them they will get a job on the day they complete their studies.
“Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, HNYF Secretary Bah Sadon K Blah said, “If we don't fight against this order issued by the High Court, it will affect us. bring loss to the community especially to the District Council.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will not be able to visit Block-II overnight. They are still facing various persecution by the Government of Assam.
Shillong, July 15: U Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma urging the government to pay the salaries of ASHAs. The CEM said that the ASHA workers have faced problems due to the lack of payment from the government.
A quiz competition was also held on this topic.
“At a meeting with the 76 Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong, it was decided to start the fight against drug abuse.
Shillong, March 12: U Sahittina Ïawim of Mawdong village and witnesses told reporters that on Sunday she and Bah Holdmark Yawram had a handshake at Lat Hat Thymmai under the raid Nongskhem for allegedly telling three people why they were angry.
He said that the Foundation will be ready to submit a letter to the PWD (R) department tomorrow.
Shillong, November 23: The AAP Meghalaya State Unit today distributed leaflets to the people walking and standing on the streets of Shillong as part of their struggle against the illegal immigrants. There is no corruption in India and also in this state.
He further informed that his ministry, in a strong effort for the welfare of persons with disabilities, has increased their share in the central, state and local governments. semi government service for people with disabilities.
The Garo language also needs to be included because it has its own customs and traditions.
Yes.
These are the measures taken by the government to ensure that the purchase of piat, to ban the export of piat will help the farmers and the buyers and this is to ensure that this food product is not available. Public services shall not be limited to markets.
She said that after receiving the promise from the hospital, the government will provide a larger machine which will help the hospital in providing Your service is not limited to the people.
At the time of writing, the talks between the FASTOM leaders and the Prime Minister's Office were ongoing at Prestone's office at the Secretariat. FASTOM was led by President Diningroy Marwein.
The RDSS has reduced the losses of DISCOMs from 21.5% in the 2020-21 fiscal year to 16.5% in the 2021-22 fiscal year.
One of the most surprising festivals is the Cherry Blossom Festival, which will be held for 9 days at Umian Lake in collaboration with the Army. Tickets for Cherry Blossom will go on sale.
We are a nation that respects our ancestors.
At the same time to create and appoint Directors of Investigation and Directors of Prosecution in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
Public information is not verified and there are a lot of these wrong.
The smugglers have claimed that the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh is very forested, but the BSF has decided to fight against this smuggling.
The speech of the Governor was translated into English and distributed to all the members of the Legislative Assembly before the Governor delivered his speech in the Legislative Assembly.
Dr Raghvendra Kumar MG will be appointed as Deputy Inspector General of Police (WR), Tura while Claudia Anne Lyngwa will be appointed as Deputy Inspector General of Police (TAP), Shillong.
The Government has also decided today that all marriages must be registered with the Government and this will come into force under the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act.
Shillong, March 30: Former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo today sent his condolences on the passing away of Langrin MDC Nasar Marwei.
Now, we have signed this agreement.
He said that he would like to thank the Governing Body of the hospital for implementing this project on this day for the benefit of the brothers and sisters.
He said many State Governments, district authorities and experts have requested to continue the curfew.
Shillong, July 26: The number of youths from the North Eastern Region of India has reached 1300 at Madan Polo. so far.
The location of the Eco Sensitive Zone 1.4 km from the proposed mining site of Star Cement has affected the environment of the area and caused problems to the residents nearby. .
The election was held by counting of votes in the presence of the Dolloi of Raliang District, Ma Chawas Lyngdoh.
Thank you very much President of Southern Mawsynram Balat Border Circle.
Section 127A of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, prohibits the publication of political literature, placards or banners without clearly indicating the name and office of the publisher or printer.
If the government runs the dewbilat factory as if it were a factory itself, it has produced their salaries as usual, when this factory does not produce because of the government's actions, the government should pay the salaries. of employees.
He said that there is a need to link those goods that are in demand with the Center as this will help the people.
In order to detect and remove such SIMs, the DoT has taken steps to develop and implement an Artificial Intelligence and Facial Recognition Powered Solution developed in the country for Telecom SIM Subscriber Verification (ASTR).
The program was attended by prominent figures, including Hamlet Dohling, President of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA), Cliff Nongrum, Vice President of MFA, Freddy Kharpran, Convenor of the Youth Cell at MFA, Ailad K.Kynta, a distinguished player from Meghalaya, and members of the DSYA.The team embarked on their journey from Shillong on January 17, 2024, and subsequently departed from Guwahati Airport on January 19, 2024, geared up for the challenge that awaited them in the Khelo India Youth Games.
Now, don't expect the HNLC to come back to ask for peace like a ksew that wants shyiengdoh,” he added.
We have seen that characteristic of democracy in this election.
Speaking to one of them, he said that there was a fight and shooting on the night of 8th October and because of a vehicle blocking the road for his brother and the incident. last night he said it ended just like that.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh DD was the chief guest to offer the Holy Mass in the presence of Rev. Felix Thabah Nongsharai, Archbishop of St. George , Wahlang and all the Rev. donlang.
Today’s event opened a special opportunity for all those involved in these activities including Government officials, ODOP vendors and those involved, media related officers.
On the other hand, the NPP says that if it comes to power, it will work for the development of the state which has been lagging behind for many years.
The Union Minister in charge of DoNER, Culture and Tourism will attend the meeting.
This is the purpose of praying for the souls of the deceased so that as a church we can pray for the souls of the deceased who are still in need of the prayers of the deceased. this earth that they may receive purification before they may have that eternal rest.
Regarding the vehicle passes, the government has made a new arrangement for the farmers, but many are still confused because the government authorities are still confused about this. day pass not only for one day.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the volunteers today distributed food items to the poor families in Wahthapbroo village in the presence of the women's organization of Kong Suk. Pariat as the president.
Referring to Dr BPS Toi, he is a human doctor and he has done what is right to write books and this is indeed a great contribution to the literature of the nation.
This will apply to all the students from Meghalaya who have Admit Cards from any district who have Admit Cards should not be dismissed because they are going to write the examination.
The office bearers of the Shilliang Umdoh Primary Unit are Dingson Lyngkhoi President, Vice President Klan Snaitang, Secretary Kobarwel Wahlang, Asst Sec George Pyngrope, Treasurer BL Nonglait and 40 executive members.
He said that many of the farmers have taken loans from banks under the Kissan credit card which is a scheme of the central government which gives 50,000 tyngka to the farmers but even this loan the farmers cannot pay.
The new department will focus on the media and what the central government is doing through the various media available to inform the public about the work of the central government.
The government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that the citizens of India can follow any religion or belief. because India is a free country.
He said that as the Chief Minister of the state, he did not accept that he belongs to the NPP, but to the people of the state. the state especially in the construction of roads.
The wish of the elders of the area is that they want to see that the government can complete the 4-lane road from Umroi to Jarabad within the time set by the government. -40 should be completed by October 2014.
Shillong, July 04: The love for the environment is not only on the occasion of World Environment Day, but should enter and be in our hearts and lives every day : KSU Mawlai Circle.
The Chairman of IDBL, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that these seedlings planted in this area were planted by the people of this village, within these five months they have planted up to 25,000 seedlings. and today more than 20,000 trees have been planted in this area.
The Government should take strong action against these policemen who have been accused of involvement in the murder of Bah Cheris because they have not been tagged now but in the past years many youths have lost their lives. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the president of KSU Mawlai.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has introduced the Meghalaya Private Security Agencies Rule (MPSA) in the Cabinet.
On the other hand, the KSU Sohra Unit has expressed its satisfaction with the services of the CHC but has also requested the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to provide another ambulance to provide full services to the CHC Sohra.
KSU President Lambokstawell Marngar and General Secretary Donald V. Thabah said in a statement today.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) after a meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Akash Deep, the strike was called off on the government's promise to re-employ the two who were removed.
One of the newly formed Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Donbok Kharlyngdoh, has arrived at the Civil Hospital to see the injured.
it means men or women in journalism to disseminate to the public in society.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, said that although no cases of Covid-19 have been reported in the state for the past five days, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been working hard to ensure that who is careful and cautious to avoid any danger.
Guwahati, Nailar 21: The Government of India has allocated about Rs 1000 crore for the implementation of various schemes of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Guwahati, on Tuesday said. Enterprise (MSME) for the North East for this fiscal year.
However, the surprising thing is that according to the Indira-Mujib Treaty, Article Xi stipulates that it should last only 25 years, but even the treaty between the two countries has expired. Since 1997, there has been no discussion or reform by the Congress Government.
Political party leaders from the state, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Laphrang of the House. The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of the Archbishop.
Referring to NEEPCO, Prestone said that there is no problem at all, the only problem is the loss of these two power plants. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The last day of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Saturday was filled with various programmes.
The White Paper or the NPP's suggestion that the Government should first explain to the public and get the consent of the people on this uranium mining is not true because the truth about the dangers of uranium mining is unknown. clearly already from the news around the world.
Bah Bajop said that he and his supporters will leave to join the NPP party. The date of the meeting has not yet been confirmed as they still have to talk. long on the 31st of this month.
He said that according to the RTI reply, the revenue from the school buses operated by the MTC for the month alone is T.5,17,750 lakh.
When the residents of this village are in trouble, the union has met with the CEO of MeECL in charge of West Khasi Hills District to discuss this problem.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, on 13th June 2013, discussed the Petition for the Treaty of the Government of India, which was submitted by the Government of India. Sardar Vallabhai Patel, former Deputy Prime Minister, Ministry of States, before the Constituent Assembly in July 1948 and
In the past few years, there has been a smuggling of rynga from the state to these factories in Byrnihat. factories have been affected and many have closed down.
“How does MeECL calculate the light bill? MeECL should answer how the light bill comes out when there is no light,” said Nassar Marwein, Rangbah Shnong of Nongumsur.
Shillong, July 23: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today said that the party is ready to discuss with the Chief Minister and his Cabinet on the government's position. that the Inner Line Permit cannot be implemented in the State.
There will be a traditional song and dance competition at 1.00 PM followed by a shooting competition by the villages in the Hima and after that at 3.30 PM the public will hear love songs. The country was called 'Ki Sur Na Krem Tirot' to be performed by hundreds of singers at the same time along with various musical instruments.
She said that the survey is in accordance with the Collection of Statistics Act 2008 which requires compliance by all units to provide data on time.
If we don't issue the Trading License, many foreigners will come in the name of Khasi and say that the job belongs to the Khasi and they will say that they are only contractors.
The KSU wishes all the students of the country who have passed their matric and class 12 results to reap the fruits of their hard work and dedication.
Shillong, July 14: Dr. Jeny of Bansara Eye Care today conducted an eye treatment at Mawlai Nongkwar in Block Doctor Wahlang and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar were also present.
The meeting was led by Kong D.Kharshiing. The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Laban Puja Committee and the Central Puja Committee, the Village Leaders of the Laban Dorbar Shnong, members of the PWD Office, the Officer In-Charge of the Laban Puja Committee. KSU Laban Circle leaders led by President Reuben Najiar and General Secretary Jason Laloo.
Likewise, the Seng from time to time receives complaints from the villagers of Lakadong Ummat that he is a person who lives only in the work of disrupting the work of the village. They cannot do anything against him, even if they want to complain against him for not coming to school as a teacher (SSA) they don't dare because they are afraid that he will do it. The residents of Lakadong Ummat said that the salary is drawn exactly.
Especially at this time when the Rohingya Muslims who are still being displaced from Burma are still on the run.
In East Khasi Hills District, 366 cases have been confirmed out of which 269 cases are from BSF, 14 cases from Armed Forces and 83 cases from civilians.
Recognized universities shall provide the Academic Bank of Credits (ABC) data of the students and store these data in digital lockers and shall ensure that the credit scores appear on the ABC platform and shall implementation of Samarth e-Gov.
Shillong, July 08: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, on Tuesday said that he is deeply saddened by the actions of the Hima Mylliem. The KHADC authorities have been in darkness for decades about the Khadar rule of the Hima due to the lack of opportunity for the KHADC authorities to convene the Hima Dorbar.
He is currently undergoing treatment at Woodland Hospital Shillong.
On the government's claim that the District Councils are not the owners of the land, it is true because the land is owned by private individuals, they are only the guardians, said the CEM of KHADC. 06: The Congress candidate for the mid-term elections from Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency 2, Dikkanchi Dalbot, Shira, has been defeated by the Congress candidate Conrad K Sangma by 10 points. I'm against you.
The two trainings were released by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today.
The union will conduct awareness campaigns on this issue in collaboration with the employees of MePDCL Khliehriat Distribution Division in the villages as much as possible through the offices of the union in East Jaintia so that the people can understand more and they will be able to understand better on this issue.
In this regard, the government has announced the elections and has received a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government informing the State Government that because of this agreement. and to implement these agreements it was necessary to amend certain parts of the Sixth Schedule.
The Central Government this year has held a special celebration of the Independence Day of the country as this year the country celebrates its 75th Independence Day. Ri ha man and thiew house.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Ohibait Dkhar, President Rangbah KSU Jaintia Hills. He said that the members of the KSU are already soldiers who will fight in any war or conflict related to the KSU. Community.
In preparation for the commemoration of the Incarnation of the Child Jesus, St.Joseph's Church, Mawkhar Parish in collaboration with the Lam Jingshai Choir, the Prayer Group, with the support of the Priests The Parish Church will hold a Christmas Carol this year on Sunday.
One award for four recognized programs will be awarded this year while two will be awarded to central and state government groups, as well as districts for the introduction of new approaches in the development of One of the prizes will be awarded to the Aspirational District.
Officers can do this to give confidence to the public.
The Government has planned to set up a Commission for Farmers to look into and assist the problems faced by the farmers.
On this occasion, the MLA of this area also launched the hearse, in the presence of the elders and residents who were present on this occasion.
From July 8 to 16, 2023, it was estimated that three animals were killed in these natural disasters.
Of the four persons arrested in this case, one will be brought to court on Monday and two others who are children will fall under the Juvenile Act.
There are foreign states that have not been included in the Electoral Roll.
Today is the starting day of the examinations inside the school and the teachers who teach at the school have come to see the students who are taking the examination.
Shillong, November 24: The football match between Neroca FC of Manipur and Shillong Lajong FC was played on Saturday at the JN Stadium Madan Polo. Manipur won the title against Lajong.
The CEM of KHADC said that the MLAs, MDCs, civil society organizations and leaders of the area will meet with each other to discuss this issue and after they have discussed, they will discuss the issue. They will come back to the KHADC and take their decision on the NOC application of the government.
The office of KCTCH will be located at Pariew near Madan Iewrynhep.
On 15/9/2023 it will be allocated for government works, on this day it will be submitted to the House, on 19/9/2023 it will be allocated for the against.
After the meeting with DHS Dr.A War, Bah A Dkhar said that during the meeting, they discussed the problems faced by Saphai PHC and also the shortage of government health facilities in Jaintia Hills as a whole, as this PHC has not been opened yet, it is urged to open it.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated the officers and all those who have taken part in this relief operation to the people affected by the natural disaster, who have worked hard to help and especially to the The meeting was attended by all the officers from the departments involved in the natural disasters, such as MeECL, the State Emergency Operations Center, Districts, using the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP). The Emergency Response Support System (ERSS) of the Government of India.
“Likewise, as Shillong has been known as the city of music and dance in its respective fields, the Society expects that many music lovers will come to witness with their own eyes. Kenny Kharkongngor, President of EUMSS, said that the songs and music are in different ways.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pravin Bakshi DC of Tura said that on the second day, there was a protest by the Garo State Demand Group in which more than 100 people entered the office and attacked the office. to women who are still working.
At the same time, the JSU would like to express its gratitude to all the people of Jaintia Hills who have given their full support to this struggle of more than 40 Sengbhalang in the state for a brighter future. of your people.
The Director said that two people have died in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Three cases from Nongkrem, three cases from Nongspung-Sohiong, seven cases from Laban-Mawprem, four cases from Rambrai-Jyrngam, four cases from Mariang-Nongkhlaw and three cases from Pariong-Mawthadraishsan. .
Tura, July 25: The authorities in charge of South Garo Hills today handed over the bodies of the deceased to their families in Assam under tight security.
Other Congress MLAs were also present at the meeting.
What will happen if the leaders are in the House?
The country’s digital infrastructure has transformed over the years, with the government actively working towards digitalization and increased technology adoption.
The Minister also announced the development projects that the State Government under the leadership of the Congress has been able to do in the fields of horticulture, agriculture, power and tourism.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A house of Syrpailin Thongni in Photjaud village has collapsed at 10.30 am today.
Surprisingly, since the middle of 2018, the work has been stalled and Bah Lawai said that he has spoken to the authorities in charge of the work but the answer is no. that they will soon begin to implement it.
It is alleged that on the 25th of this month, these two students were abducted from a taxi rank and taken to near Kharsti Park in Ri Bhoi District. “The driver of the taxi has given them alcohol and committed this crime,” said Jyrwa.
He said the purpose of the residents to urge the government to set up a police station is to bring peace to the people.
The government's insult to the teachers is too much without thinking about them and as teachers they have decided to continue their strike and it will be easier to die at Malki Square to see. said Bah Riangtem.
“We have received information that the MSEC has already sent its report to the Government and we have not yet taken any decision to hold the protests,” he said.
There were five teams in the men's basketball category, Umroi Military Station, Eastern Air Command, Civilian Team, Raj Bhavan, CRPF, Assam Rifles, 101 and Meghalaya Police (MLP).
The CoMSO has also decided to cancel the evening sit in demonstration on 6.02.2020 because as a group it will take part in the Student Square.
Nongthymrnai MDC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, witnessed the incident and stopped the police from beating up more.
In the meeting, the leaders of these two groups urged the Chancellor that USTM will not conduct job interviews on Sundays in view of the Christians of Meghalaya. and not to use Gamosha from Assam in any program within the school but not to use Ryndia clothes produced in Meghalaya.
performance times are 12 pm, 2 pm, 5 pm and 8 pm.
Dr Andrew Simons, Commissioner and Secretary, Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat, said that this is to follow the changes in the working methods of the Legislative Assemblies to run the Legislative Assemblies without any pyndon you court.
The IMD has forecast heavy rain and thunderstorms in Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura during the next 24 hours as well as in parts of Odisha and West. Bengal.
The ACHR said the attack was illegal.
Their appearance is better now because they will fight to register their own family members, with their appearance they can register young candidates, from Garo Hills many young people have come and also in traditional Hills.
The meeting was attended by Chief Secretaries, DGPs, and prominent health workers from all the states and UTs along with Member (Health) NITI Aayog, Union Home Secretary, Union Health Secretary, Union Secretary (I&B) , DG ICMR and Director of NCDC. Looking at the increase in cases and deaths from COVID-19 in the last 14 days, the Cabinet Secretary said that the number of cases of COVID-1 6.8% in October 2021 and that this exceeded the record of 5.5% (July 2020).
Shillong, Naitung 04: The North Eastern Service of All India Radio, Shillong, will hold an invited audience program on Cyber ​​Security Awareness on the 6th of this month. from 2:30 pm to 3:30 pm.
The exclusion of these four candidates is that they have been nominated, three from the NPP and one from the UDP. Out of these 375 candidates, 339 are males. and 36 were women.
For his part, he is ready to accept the decision of the court if it is in any form.
However, during the replacement of the water pipes, there has been another burst of water and the water has turned red. The Minister said that this problem will be resolved within the next few days.
On this occasion, the elders of the village came together to witness the Azadi Day celebration and expressed their gratitude that the BSF came to hold this celebration in their village.
The government will no longer allow people to sell on the sidewalks as it used to.
Khrawkupar immediately informed the Warden of the Girls Hostel, Kong Pynjainailang Garod, who informed the Mawlai Police Station.
“The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdohka congratulated Kong Pyrngap on her victory. Reliance Pyrngap, Lady Health Visitor of Sutnga CHC, East Jaintia Hills who received the National Florence Nightingale Award.
Shillong, Naitung 10: All 67 students who wrote the final examination of Bachelor Arts have passed the final examination of Khadsawphra College Mairang in the results announced recently by the North. Eastern Hills University 2022.
Khliehriat, July 21: The KSUP-EJHD, a union established to look after the welfare of East Jaintia Hills District, has donated its donation to a children's home. The 7th Child Care Institute Cum-Counselling Center is located at Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
The petition was signed by Peter J Lawai President and General Secretary of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Pynursla Police Station today seized 25 vehicles in Laitlyngkot village for violating the law and the fine is T.2000/- per vehicle.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is a memorable story in India that the post of President has been held by a woman from an ethnic group. nation.
The visit was to Langpih area which has been in dispute for many years and the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have also taken this area as one of the areas to be resolved between the two countries. two states.
The Rangbah Shnong has expressed his gratitude to Bah Marbud who is a young man from this village for working hard to bring about this scheme. of the village many.
They are still waiting for their call.
“This is a new era of prospects and today's program is a perfect example of India's new way of working," said Prime Minister Duh.
The ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Government Ministers, MLAs from both sides, family members and friends. Dr Donkupar Roy's last tribute to the family.
The Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul, said that the strength of the ARPA in the KHADC will depend on the CEM as the leader how to work together as a group and also to ensure that all the members and they should have the same responsibility to work.
Ernest appealed to the people to allow the BJP to form a government in Meghalaya to bring about economic development, employment and peace in the state.
Himalaya said that even many IAS officers have left for Delhi. During the Congress government, they did not do this in transferring officers.
In fact, the Health Engineering Wing has already completed the construction of this Health Sub Center since
To ensure that all the works are completed on time, a special committee has been set up to look after this work and as a starting point T.8 crore has been allocated. custom will release the money according to the availability of work.
In a letter to the government, he said that this price increase will affect the people especially during this time of struggle against COVID-1
He said he wanted the North East to grow like East Africa and open up opportunities for East Asia.
The voice of the people is that they are more eager and eager for the Syiem to resolve the issue in the village in order to restore peace and order in the village than to go to the party. the people are suffering and worried under the village government.
In this color of the mawbynna, there was a preparation to carry the stones from Kyrphei, Tyrsad, Hima Maharam to Laitarted along with the ksing, dhah and the phawar song of the nation.
“If there is a problem regarding the lack of understanding of the language, the Office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly should appoint a translator to facilitate the participation of the people. members of the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Rural Development AT Mondal urging the government to appoint a Block Development Officer in Umsning. C&RD Block.
These natural resources are essential to the economy and there are also risks to their supply due to changing international relations.
During the meeting, all the political parties expressed their condolences and condemned the incident and gave suggestions on how to prevent clashes in the coming days at the border.
In a statement issued today, the Commissioner and Secretary Revenue Department said that the government has met to discuss the increase in the price of petrol and diesel. The government has decided to reduce the tax on petrol and diesel by 2 tyngka per liter from 12 noon.
If the NPP is not willing to expel the UDP from the MDA government as it has done to the KHNAM and BJP, it is biased.
Shillong, Nailur 13: A total of 109 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi and 13 in West Garo Hills today. , East Khasi Hills 85 people.
The Vice President of the party, Bah Warlarpih, said that the march was to protest against the government's inability to do anything to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. This has led to an increase in the price of beef where buyers have to pay a higher price.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Today, 269 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 2135 cases have been confirmed in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War.
Tyngkle Grace Iawrot, a singer from Mawsynram, on Tuesday entered the grand finale of the India's Talent Fight held in New Delhi.
He urged all the officers to work hard to achieve their goals.
:From the pride in the rich heritage to the promotion of traditional customs and the preservation of traditional beliefs to the strengthening of the heritage of heritage, the theme of Naiwieng is about the preservation of traditional beliefs and right to ensure holistic economic development.
Setting up of tele-consultation for doctors in ICUs in districts and AIIMS, New Delhi, New Delhi Core Team or State Core Team.
Regarding this petition, the people of Meghalaya want to know what the government will ask from the government of Narendra Modi during his first visit as the Prime Minister of Meghalaya. in Ri.
The police have registered a complaint against all the incidents and the law will take action. The police have been vigilant. The Prime Minister said that the law will take action. which is necessary for all those people who are involved in these crimes.
Therefore, no programs have been scheduled from today until the first month of July
The second session on space policy was moderated by Dr Pawan Kumar Goenka, Chairman, INSPACe.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 338, with 129 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 51132 cases so far.
Shillong, July 27: Three houses have collapsed into the Umngi River today, according to residents of Balat village in South West Khasi Hills District.
The fifth part of the program will be held in New Delhi at Talkatora Stadium at 11 am.
Thomas Passah also expressed his deep concern regarding the introduction of the state reservation policy in academic reservation by the state government.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Maron Suting, Sordar Shnong Mawlat who is also the Secretary of Raid Mawlat. also from Mr. Snor Suting.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
New Delhi, July 02: Under the FAME II scheme, the State Governments and Union Territories have already applied for the purchase of 3,538 Electric Buses from the 1,716 electric buses have been sent to the states today.
Kynsailang Khongsit scored the second goal for Shillong in the 90+2 minutes and Shillong lost the U-18 Youth League 2017-1 .
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said he expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister of Assam for taking action to resolve this issue. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has taken action on this issue.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that he will wait and see regarding the post of Chairman in the KHADC. The MDCs have already held a new dorbar to elect a Chairman, but what is happening now is not new.
During the meeting, Bah DD Lapang, also expressed his gratitude to the CEM, for remembering to visit him on this day.
This may be because many of those who have the disease do not show any symptoms, or people do not come forward to get tested because they are afraid of being stigmatized in the community. and also from those in the family.
The place was taken over by PN Choudhury's father in 1953 and has been running for 60 years.
The increase in child activities has affected the whole world and children are now involved in more dangerous activities.
He said that the pharmacies need to ensure the supply of medicines, medical kits and equipment and they should also create new opportunities in this struggle of the country.
To express to the Government of India the wishes of the children of the thousands on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948, the Federation of Khasi States has decided to convene the Fourth National Assembly in October the location and date will be announced soon.
In the Umniuh Adong, Serbha Massar will head the Umniuh Yiarbiniaw, Latur Sing Diengdoh will head the Umniuh Nongrim and the Tmar Adong will head the Umniuh Adong. that Deputy Secretary.
If the Assam government has given permission, it is better if the Meghalaya government has given permission.
Doctors of the state government from Dangar PHC and doctors of the BSF were present at the treatment. The elders of the area expressed their gratitude to the troops. BSF who have committed these crimes.
The Minister also spoke on the newly launched CM-ELEVATE program which proposes to provide subsidy from 30% to 75% to projects to be implemented by private entrepreneurs, Self Help Groups and others. other groups.
According to sources, the man suddenly got out of the Alto 800 Tourist Taxi number ML05 U 2320, which he was sitting with two friends. and as soon as he came to this bridge, he suddenly fell down from the bridge.
The party congratulates all the MDCs who introduced this Bill especially the CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Travel and Tourism Bazaar (TTB), she said it is not surprising that political party leaders move from one party to another when it is near. The election will be held in all parties and not only in the Congress party.
The residents of Umsalait Village who go to the Pyngkat Market in Iooksi Village have to carry a Khoh to carry their food items during the rainy season.
He said the central government has recently launched a scheme known as the North East Venture Capital Fund through the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation (NEDFi) in which T.100 crore has been allocated for the project. starting a business, where the people of this area can start their own businesses such as tourism and other businesses of their choice.
A case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and a case has been registered under the NDPS Act.
The arrested are 18-year-old Elbinus Sawkmie and 21-year-old Nesson Hujon.
He also said he was enthusiastic about the increased visibility and activities towards the G-20 and related activities.
If the electorate wants Shillong to remain in peace, they should vote on the 19th of June, 2024, he said.
The Prime Minister of India has extended his special congratulations to all the health workers who have worked hard thanks to the hard work of doctors, nurses and health workers who have been able to The government has achieved this goal by issuing COVID-19 vaccinations to a population of 130 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The new Assembly building under construction at Mawdiangdiang has collapsed at midnight this morning.
The NPYF has alleged that TMC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee has been accused of being involved in illegal coal mining in Bengal and the Enforcement Directorate is investigating the case. leader.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, has once again demonstrated its commitment to provide opportunities to talented people and also to promote the dignity of this region.
He said there has been a change in the way the Government works in which the welfare of the people and the achievement of goals are put first.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Himalaya, the Chief Minister said that there is no order sent by the Central Government which the State Government has already sent to the Deputy Commissioners including the MPs. Replying to a supplementary question by Lazarus Sangma why South Garo Hills has not received this scheme, Kimfa S Marbaniang also asked whether West Khasi Hills has not been named. The Minister replied that the money from the DMF is only for those districts which have a license to mine.
Synrem said that the Director has accepted the demand of the union to temporarily suspend the appointment until another arrangement can be made.
What is more surprising is that it is not seen that the Labor Officers, District Level Team or District Task Force members go around the area to arrest workers without Work Permit or to punish all illegal immigrants. The union has been talking to the DC South West Khasi Hills District on these issues but they have not registered themselves according to the rules of MRSSA. conversations and promises that don’t show the work they do.
Before implementing the scheme for the students of the North East, Shekhar said his team has sought accurate information on the number of students who have completed the examination. He said that the number of students studying outside the North East has also been taken into account.
On the other hand, the Water Resources Department said that according to the reports received, Meghalaya has an irrigation potential of 2.1 lakh ha.
Shillong, Lber 15: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA regarding the MCCL dewbilat factory, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has not yet decided. The Prime Minister informed the House that from 2007 to 2019, the loss of MCCL has reached T.234 crore. The government has given its support and the factory will start producing dewbilat from October
The program was attended by 17 famous singers from Khasi Jaintia and Garo, who have performed on All India Radio.
The ordination ceremony was conducted by Archbishop Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of other Bishops, priests, priests and tens of thousands of Christians. this is your religion.
The President of the RBYWO said that it is sad to know that even on Sundays, if we don't surprise these small initiatives, we will be destroyed in the future. to participate in this Central Government which is trying to celebrate the special days of the state as working days.
On the other hand, the CEM said that what the District Council has done is not the registration but the land record. on the border with Assam that people can come to register and the KHADC will not charge any fee.
It has launched many schemes such as the e-Awas portal which shows the Government's commitment to ensure the welfare of the soldiers.
Meanwhile, other players of TTTA have played well in the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship which is being held at the SAI Indoor Stadium in NEHU Shillong.
“On this occasion, he said that the relevant department has no information about the existence of Madrasas in the state.
With this seizure, the total amount of money seized in Meghalaya has reached T.32 lakh.
Police said that the arrest of these drug traffickers was due to the cooperation of the people.
One of them was in close contact with a person who tested positive for COVID-19 from Upper Mawprem, the other was in close contact with a person who tested positive for COVID-19 and returned from Assam.
Shillong, March 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle Shillong under the leadership of its President Samla Edmund Khongngai has met with Dr. MR Basaiawmoit at his office at DHMO Lachumiere Shillong. The Head of the Health Department in charge of East Khasi Hills has appealed to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the lack of health facilities in Pomtung Village.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Lata Mangeskhar, born in 1929, passed away at the age of 92 at the age of
Any person who enters our state once the ILP has been implemented must have proper documents and if he enters without documents if found he must be prosecuted accordingly. laws with fine for violation of statutory provisions.
It should be the same now.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the biggest problem that has affected the people at this time which is the Covid-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, Bah John asked whether the army does not fall under the Motor Vehicles Act and Rules, whether the army is exempt from the order of the Supreme Court.
Statement by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle and Sama Eric Nongkynrih President KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
If the people's leaders are concerned about this issue, they should forget about the political differences.
The High Level Committee was headed by Dr. K. Radhakrishnan as Chairman who is also the former Chairman of ISRO and Chairman of BoG, IIT Kanpur.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, said that as journalists, they should have a responsibility for the community in fulfilling their duties to provide information to the public.
Similar cows were also seized from Muktapur, Kuliang, Umsyiem and Pyrdiwah in East Khasi Hills.
The Chandrayaan-2 satellite will arrive on 7th November and the Prime Minister of India will be present to witness the landing of Chandrayaan-2 on the moon.
The union also urged the BSF to investigate the number of suspects who have smuggled into Bangladesh. The BGB in the presence of the BGB Commander and the Bangladesh Police have arrested them. he is not the one who is injured.
This violence by the Assam police and other ethnic groups shows that the Meghalaya government cannot provide adequate and complete protection to the Khasi people in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has expressed its deep sorrow over these incidents in recent days and especially in relation to the influx of foreigners into the state. the government has done nothing for many years.
The Union Minister of Defense and Cooperation said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India's natural disaster protection is moving forward with the 'Bym don ka' the loss of the soul of man.
The team will be led by Sub-Subedar Jatinder Singh.
He said that the government has opened many opportunities for the youth to improve in their jobs.
There are five demands that have already been sent to the government, the first of which is that the government should increase their salaries, to increase their salaries every year.
The CEM of KHADC recalled that since Bah Joy became a Member of Parliament, there have been attempts to pass a law ban ban preaching religion and ban foreigners from India. I don't want to go to India.
Also present at the meeting were the heads of various sports teams in the state.
The JNC during the meeting with Bah Tynsong also submitted a petition under the leadership of JNC President Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh. Regarding this behavior of the BSF, the JNC has not just listened but has come forward to condemn the incident and demanded that the Government authorities should immediately take action against them. The BSF has set up mobile camps at Sonapyrdi, Umpluh and Dona checkposts.
Charlie J Rani said that on the allegation that these women who own shops in the area are living in illegal areas, the union said that when the forest department gives them temporary permits to live in the area, the union said that shop, you are not a friend.
At present , only two ventilators and two BiPAPs have been installed in Mawkyrwat for the residents of the district as a whole patients especially those who are serious about this disease in the coming days.
Shillong, July 28: The State Bank of India (SBI) has installed an SBI Mobile ATM at the Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong. when they have money.
: A 26-year-old girl on June 20, 2024 lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station regarding the rape of four children whom she claimed to be are about 20 and 21 years old.
Their meeting was held because there are still many examinations that the students are taking between the current examination and the examination which will end on the 14th of this month
Speaking to media, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the MDA as a group is against the CAB. land three or four percent cannot be released.
Such an incubation center will benefit the people to develop and improve their skills and will help to create and provide employment opportunities for many people, he added.
All 10 clubs under the Raid Nongkrem, have taken part in the tournament organized by the Nongkrem Sports Club, which started on the 20th June
On the other hand, the CEM said that the EC which is only two months old has not been completed properly, in fact it should have respected the decision of the people who have elected them as MDCs. The CEM said that all this happened because there is no law to ban the MDCs. Regarding the meeting this morning, the time of the meeting has not been fixed.
“He said the 75 years of independence have clarified the duties of the judiciary and the executive.
If we look at the CAA, it is also illegal and this affects the Foreigners Act,
As a sign of protest against the silence of the MeECL authorities on the demands of the union.
Besides guarding the border in Arunachal Pradesh, the army has also taken responsibility for fighting insurgents in three states of the North East. of India.
Doctors said that the reason for the high incidence of anemia among mothers in Khasi Hills is the lack of nutritious foods, childbirth and lack of consumption of vegetables.
The Catholic Church urges all the people to maintain peace and order and the state government will take this issue to the central government and also to the Assam government to bring peace.
Miani said James used police vehicles to order them to search the vehicles of Congress officials and these escorts searched twice the vehicles of Congress officials. Congress and did not find anything for the Congress candidate.
Two of the three contestants have been selected to represent India in the Miss India pageant, Monica Konjengbam from Manipur who won the title of Mega Miss India. Continental World will represent India at the Miss Continental World pageant to be held in Thailand this year.
The market will be closed on that day until the cleaning is completed.
“In many cases, our team went to verify the list of beneficiaries we received from the Center which showed that the poor families who were under the list did not get the schemes even while their names are on the central government list," he said, adding, "There have also been cases where the same families have received most of the benefits just because they have received support from some how many leaders of the world.
Those who cannot come in the morning can come in the evening, it doesn't matter if they lose their traditional food items from the IEW TYNRAI prepared by the Hima.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Jlona Lynsiang, 50, was seriously injured when a bike (ML05F6682) collided with her while she was walking on the side of the road near the Punjab National Bank. The victim was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment by a 108 vehicle.
Shillong, Nailur 19: There are 168 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 60 cases in West Khasi Hills and 71 cases in West Khasi Hills. there are 1891 people.
We bought it from the company that makes these bearings and handed it over to a team that usually does these kinds of jobs to install the bearings," he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The certificate distribution ceremony for the 97th batch of Computer Trainees and the 37th Batch of Mother Tongue Trainees of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was held in Shillong today. today, November 29, 2022.
Rev Alexander Burg Lish of the Serampore Baptist Mission established three schools in Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra in 1932, but they were closed in
Thus, as stated in this report, for the assurance of financial security for the vaccination industry, the “recognition within the budget is not necessarily required.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A meeting of all the Ministers of State Governments in charge of Mineral Resources will be held in Jaipur on the 27th of this month. Tomar in Jaipur, the meeting was called specifically to discuss the mining industry in the country.
On the other hand, these organizations have taken this decision to demand from the government on the grounds that they should get the same rights as the government has done in Khasi Hills and Ribhoi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi greeting the President, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, on his Birthday, at Rashtrapati Bhavan, in New Delhi on October 01, 2019.
The BSF troops played patriotic music at Sohbar village on the border with Bangladesh to instill in the people the spirit of patriotism.
The eye treatment will be inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan. The eye treatment will start at 10:00 pm and end at 5 pm. The purpose is to raise awareness among the public that the disease can lead to blindness and to prevent this should be treated.
Many of them expressed what will happen if the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Dorbar Shnongs, VECs decide not to work with the Government in relation to all the schemes. The Village Authorities have increased their volunteer work and assistance in the implementation of MGNREGS, IAY, PHE, ICDS, Census, MPLADS, MLA Scheme and other schemes of the Government.
In a statement, the Seng wishes and wishes all the children of Jaintia Hills a smooth and peaceful Beh-Dein Khlam. “Tre Ki Rot”, “U Nongbuh Nongthaw” bless all these people so that the children of Ri Jaintia will have health, income, prosperity and peace in all. aspects of their lives.
This decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting held on 12/10/2
The MZP has also promised to meet with the Land Revenue Minister of Mizoram in the coming days to urge him to immediately provide LHCs to all 70 Khasi households in Khasi Veng. Mostly.
He said that in the few months of my tenure as MLA, I have tried my best to improve and repair the 12 kilometer road from Wahkaji to Mawphanrang.
After the opening ceremony, the Union Minister and the Minister of State for Education took part in several meetings with the officers of the state education department and the principals of several schools. state to discuss implementation of several schemes and projects.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Ambassador of Latvia, Artis Bertulis today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong at his office.
The ARPA led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has 17 members, the HSPDP has 7 members, the UDP has 6 members and the KHNAM has The Congress party has 12 members, and the one party has 13 members.
The District Administration has also strengthened the security forces to ensure that there will be no incident during the public hearing.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, MLA of Mawsynram Constituency today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri to urge the district authorities to deliver the necessary documents. They didn't go to Hatmadon because they didn't have enough food in that area.
On the 15th, starting at 4:30 pm, all the households of the Khun Raij will hold the Deiñkhlam in their households.
Prime Minister Duh thanked President Biden for his support for strengthening India-US cooperation. during India's Presidency of the G-2
Before that, the doctors examined him to see if he had any diseases.
He said that if the documents are sufficient, it cannot be rejected and if the documents are not sufficient, it cannot be accepted.
As one of the leading singers of All India Radio, Shillong, Helen Giri has also worked hard to promote the Khasi musical instruments in the country.
INC and Jowai South,
In the Under 13 Girls (Single) category, Asem Chanu Shivani won the first prize and in the Under 13 Boys (Single) category, Haegan Diengdoh won the second prize.
It is worth mentioning that on the evening of 1st June 2024, Prestone replied to a meeting with the HYC on 29th June 2024 in which the Hyc said that there are only 194 members. Not all 342 households who are entitled to be relocated from Iew Mawlong area are households as mentioned above.
Special thanks to the Hima Mylliem and KHADC and this cooperation cannot be achieved. to the aspirations of the people.
The Raid Marwet, which has its own customs and traditions, has completed its ritual on Sunday. The ritual was led by the Syiem of the Raid, Pa,im Ken Syiem. together with the three long-longs of the Mylliem Hima.
The people of the constituency who come from different parts of the city, who come for treatment and other urgent matters are facing difficulties in getting accommodation except for those who stay in hotels,” he said. MCSD Chairman Diralson Dkhar told reporters.
He said that in fact the government has recognized KAS as an organization that has been able to provide for the language but until now it has only received recognition from the government while the rules have not yet been issued. He said that this book published by the SP News Agency has come at the right time when the struggle for the preservation of the language is ongoing.
“You’re used to lying, and all politicians are.
Senior officials from the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India attended a meeting of the Parliamentary Advisory Committee this evening.
What has angered the party is that these Khar Bangladeshis have tried to extort money from the members of the party so that they can escape but this action of them is still angering the members.
The number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 so far has risen to 96319, the number of recoveries has risen to 94353 and the death toll has risen to
Shillong, Nailar 15: U Saińkupar Nongtraw General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent today reminded the people that the party was founded on 14th Nailar
There are about 9 lucky winners who have come to buy items from this market from 14th to 18th
The tournament was held at the Sohiong Indoor Sport Stadium.
This figure was first taken in 1998 and the last figure was taken in 2015.
The question is whether the management of Nan Polok did not see that these four Langbadur died in the electrical wires on the Nan Polok bridge, they should have called the MeECL officials to remove them from the bridge. area.
The program also focused on the PM Kusum Scheme and Biogas Scheme, Arup Chakraborty and Assistant Director (Planning) of MNREDA, Danseng M. Sangma who showed the benefits.
In another question, the Minister of Water Affairs, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, said that the policy prepared by the government has been distributed to the people to read and give their opinion before they implement it. law to you.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal, IAS today imposed Section 144 CrPC on the border with Bangladesh 5 km from the border with India. from 6.00 pm to 5 pm.
To implement this, a special committee has been set up under the Planning Commission.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Augustine said that as a unit we don't want to be just a group of spectators in this fight against COVID
“Although the number of suspected TB tests has doubled and the use of High Quality Diagnostic Tests has decreased from 130 lakh in 2022 to 124 lakh in , indicating a decrease in the number of TB cases in the state.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah Kharraswai said that the party cannot take this tougher step because the government has not taken action. Instead of resolving the issues, the GVK and the government have been fighting each other, the government cannot interfere.
On these days, the government has given holidays so that the people can take part in these special days.
The program was also conducted in collaboration with the members of MKWSW&CA.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that on 28th June, this year, he held a meeting with the Executive Member and officers of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) regarding the order issued by the Under Secretary of the Social Welfare Department to the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills in
During the meeting, the DHS promised to take immediate action and resolve these issues of the people of the area who are in dire need of assistance from the government health centre.
The KSU requests the contractors and owners of houses to take responsibility to employ such people so that they can earn again and also to have that spirit of compassion.
Shillong, July 15: The CSWO on Tuesday admitted that it had received information that the South Garo Hills Police had arrested Tochang Sangma on the 24th of last month and seized about 10 kg. He was in police custody for 10 days.
“This demand has been accepted and included in the soskular, and made us part of the social contract,” he said. “My protest is to bring about change in society, and I believe that this will be achieved through the empowerment of the people at the grassroots level and encouraging the people to participate in economic development and governance".
He said the summit at the MENA CW is important for the MENA region and that it has multiple opportunities to bring about change in the future of the energy system.
Suchiang is a member of the pipe band at the Central Training Institute (CTI) of the Home Guards and Civil Defense in Mawdiangdiang.
Nongtraw said that in the initial meeting, the government authorities had sent another notice to summon him, which was against the promise made by the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya not to appear. by sending summonses or arresting our leaders and members while the negotiations are ongoing.
The state government has taken stingy the issue of illegal entry of foreigners, and this has disappointed the people.
“The accused was charged on 29th November, 2022 under Section 120B IPC read with Section 6 of the Explosive Substance Act,
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that if anyone counts the price of ration more than the price of ration, they should inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
This assistance is to assist the mothers with two bodies during the time when they are not going to work and this will help the mothers to be healthy.
At the time, she said that there have been peace talks with the ANVC and the GNLA which have also had social agreements which have not yet been implemented, regarding the peace talks with the HNLC. it is only the government that can answer.
Agriculture is time dependent and requires timely work to ensure success.
All the Deputy Commissioners especially those in charge of the northern parts of the state bordering Bangladesh, have informed all police stations, health centers and will be ready to deal with any incident. what tragic incident has occurred because of this earthquake.
The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has issued guidelines to prevent the use of alcoholic beverages and to prevent the trafficking of children.
On the other hand, the KSU will wait for a reply from the MPCB on this issue. If it does not give the right explanation, the KSU will not hesitate to go to the higher authorities to protect the KSU. of nature.
On the other hand, the MLA thanked the people who have worked together to complete this road which was funded under the RIDF-XXV scheme for the year 2019-2 the benefit of the people in the countryside.
Mahendraganj MLA Sanjay A Sangma took part in the program as the chief guest.
Many households have received 3/4 quintal per household because the office has distributed all those months from January onwards until the lockdown months, that is, until November this this.
George said that the Assam government has appointed a team of inquiry to investigate by a retired judge. The incident occurred in Meghalaya.
Speaking on behalf of the Kharshiing Kur, Bah Amos Kharshiing, in his speech, urged the NGOs to urge the government to take strong action to arrest those who Agnes Kharshiing and her accompanying Anita Sangma have been arrested.
He said that the removal of the three IOs is that in 2022 a Director will be appointed and in 2023 an inquiry officer will be appointed to carry out the work. of Meghalaya Local Government within a few months.
In Mawlynnong, each household has the responsibility to clean its own house and its surroundings.
On this occasion, the elected CEM said, “I will lead the Executive Committee” without fear and all the advice will be for the benefit of the people. The District Council has been dissolved.
Meghalaya aims to become a HarGharJal state by
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Shillong Press Club today held a candlelight vigil to condemn the murder of Gauri Lankesh, a journalist in Bengalore. , at the same time to demand that the government should punish those involved in this case to take the life of this mother.
Recalling the early days of the crisis, the Prime Minister said that India has shown thoughtfulness and taken the right decisions at the right time.
The KSU Laban Circle expresses its disapproval of the arrest and accusation against the members of the KSU especially the charges against the MPDA, as it is only a threat and accusation just because they are members of the KSU.
The beautiful tourist attraction which was inaugurated today includes a tourist attraction and a traditional house of the Garo people which was built near the Nokrek National Park.
Without peace and unity, the state will not get the fruits of development.
Shillong, July 29: Residents of Mawpat village of Lawrumnong district today found a vehicle with a young child inside it.
On the other hand, he himself has asked the Deputy Commissioners of the District to ensure that the money is spent on the SRWP. this money.
He said that many of the leaders of the state have congratulated him.
Shillong, July 9: Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Jagat Prakash Nadda, at a meeting of the United Nations (UNGA) in New York, on Tuesday said that the The purpose of the disease is to increase the price of health services for the benefit of the people.
The root cause of all kinds of evil in society is alcohol.
At the same time, he urged the parents to take responsibility in supporting their children and not just wait for government schemes but should work hard in agriculture, trade. inheritance and others.
The exchange of words between the opposition and the ruling party lasted for about half an hour.
This is coupled with the use of artificial intelligence (AI) to instantly convert speech into text.
This action of them could endanger the Jaidbynriew, on the part of the members of the Seng we will continue to be vigilant and conduct more and more searches so that we can prevent the entry and exit of these people. HYC Shant Umiam, President Shinestar Kharpan, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Treiborlang said the government should help because they deserve it because these refugees cannot afford to seek food from wild fruits during the time of poverty and during the long curfew across the country. bad state.
Mawsynram November 28: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in a meeting to strengthen the party have strongly condemned the Mawsynram MLA for not building roads which have been in existence for decades. this area.
In connection with the murder of Arjun Ray at Mawroh, police have arrested Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh, 25 years old. He was arrested on 23/1iong/2024 on suspicion of involvement in the murder.
“Surprisingly, other districts which have DIET training centers have received assistance of Rs 15 crore only for the maintenance and this surprises the union how the Government has mismanaged the allocation and East Jaintia Hills has been completing the building for five years.
The facility will have one hall and two offices.
These clinics are for the residents and poor households, free of charge.
Remington Pyngrope is from the UDP and the two independents are Hopeful Bamon and Stephenson Mukhim.
The robbers were members of World Vision who were planning to visit the Lawkyntang in Mawphlang.
He thanked Sngewbha for the donation of hand free sanitizer, as we are not yet in the Durbar Shnong.
He said that he intends to contest the MLA election 2023 and when I wake up every morning the message I get is don't be afraid because if it is the will of God, there will be nothing to stop him. Merry Christmas to all.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi, offices from government departments especially the media department were also present at the meeting to discuss the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. government.
To streamline the work of the government and the people, the government has decided to open seven more Blocks, four Civil Sub Divisions and 18 Police Stations.
“Ka Seng feels that this monument should be protected and preserved by law to commemorate the sacrifice of the Khasi elders in the First World War,” said the petition. The Ministry of Urban Affairs has decided to declare Motphran as a heritage site under the Meghalaya Heritage Act,
About 70 farmers from Pynthor, Mynsain and Umden villages of Ri Bhoi District came to take part in this special training.
People gathered at the VBSY centers where representatives of various Government departments explained the benefits of Central Government schemes.
Jowai, June 30: A meeting between the leaders of the five Jaintia political parties SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CGB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC today. The DC, Bah WR Lyngdoh promised in front of the four organizations that the repair of NH 44 will start from tomorrow in the worst affected areas.
The Government will make Meghalaya a football hub.
Before taking part in the meeting with the Minister, Ardent, three VPP MLAs Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Heavingstone Kharpran, party leaders and supporters were blocked. to the Magistrates and Police as soon as they arrive before the Additional Secretariat.
The office of OYO is located in Gurgaon, near Delhi and many hotels in Shillong have partnered with the company to accommodate people. There are no hotels in Shillong.
He said that the time has come to hold public meetings to raise awareness among the people in the villages and the media which is the disseminator of the media has a great role to play in the In this regard, to raise awareness among the public regarding the conservation of forests.
In collaboration with the volunteers in the village, Ms Kurkalang has supported the residents by ensuring that they have access to food and drinking water.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Bah Ernest Marwri, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, on Tuesday demanded the introduction of the Administrator Rule within the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Shallang Police have arrested Hubath, the owner of a coal mine that collapsed in which one person was killed and another injured. R Sangma is from Songsak village in Shallang.
After this ceremony, a meeting was held to hand over the Soskular which was confirmed by the office of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim. They should live in peace and harmony without any more trouble.
The Lama of India was unfurled by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at Polo Ground in the presence of thousands of people, in the presence of senior officials from the army and government. state.
Bah Rymbai, former MLA of Umroi Constituency, was arrested by the CID on 25th July this year and later remanded in Judicial Custody. , but due to illness, he was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
At the same time, the Prime Minister informed the House that the Central Government has ordered that the border dispute between the two states should be resolved as soon as possible. understand each other.
The NPP-led government has removed A. Nikhla from the post of CMD and re-appointed Arun Kumar. Khembhavi IAS and alleged that this act was only to rapjot.
The KSU leader urged the students, organizations and leaders who are concerned about this issue to come and participate in this meeting to support the KSU. The demand of the Sengbhalang for the implementation of the ILP which is a law which has strong provisions to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and foreigners.
The HYC urges Tathagata Roy to listen and not to talk about the affairs of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep or the State because he may have forgotten that he is no longer the Governor of the State.
He said that to understand the increase and decrease in the price of tyndong lyer, the public can check the website of the company www.Indane.
Shillong, July 18: The Road Construction Department of the Union Government has decided to provide benefits to skilled or trained persons who are low income in the society. the requirement of a minimum qualification to drive goods vehicles.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma's tweet said that Union Home Minister Amit Shah has informed the CBI to send an inquiry into the shooting of civilians in Mukorh.
Before the appointment of the office bearers, a speech was delivered by the President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang to explain the working methods of the party and also to encourage the members and office bearers of the Nongpoh Circle to take action to work for the development of the party. to develop a society that has been plagued by evil deeds for the future of the country and the nation which is now in the midst of the flood of foreign invasion.
India is an exporter of petroleum products and its petroleum refining is the fourth largest in the world after the United States, China and Russia.
On the other hand, Bah Lister Massar, brother of Bah Ron, said that as the family, they have no suspicion that he was killed and believe that it may have been a mistake. and he came to the well.
They also gave the medicine to Yaba.
E-Commerce is allowed, shops selling paint, silverware, tin and others are allowed to open according to the rules.
Spaindorsing Lyngdkhoi won the post of Office Secretary with 1050 votes. There are seven candidates for the post of Office Secretary.
Because according to Article 19 of the Constitution of the country in the fourth part it clearly states that there is a right to protect the minorities especially the indigenous people.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: If the UDP loves the 'nation', why did the Meghalaya Progressive Alliance (MPA) government led by Dr Donkupar Roy collapse only after 12 months in 2009? This was answered by Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, MUA Government led by the Congress Party, in front of the people in Mawngap.
Speaking to reporters, Manish Chartrath said, “We will not invite anyone, the Congress party will fight to strengthen the party for the elections which are only two years away. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The UDP, HSPDP and half of the NPP MDCs did not attend the election for the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. elect a new CEM.
She said that East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills are the second highest districts.
Four other passengers were identified as Yomiki Kharshandi, 20, the driver of the truck and resident of Lyngiong, Bah Kyndaiborlang Kurbah, from Lyngiong. Banpeitlang Marbaniang from Nongshken Mawnai and Welbokstar Sohlang from Kseh Mawnai.
As this journey continues, investments, innovations and partnerships will contribute significantly to further strengthening India's electricity sector and ensuring a brighter future for the people of the country.
Although they (District authorities) stopped us at USTM, we were able to hold a meeting at the Hotel with the students.
The Fixed Incentives for ASHAs was implemented in June, 2021 as about 70% of the villages in Meghalaya have low population and therefore to bring equality in the payment of salaries to ASHAs , the State has implemented the Fixed Incentives System.
Please call or write to me what you think because I have arranged with the DGP and we are ready to welcome you back home to meet all your relatives”.
The party has set up an interim committee with Shaiphar Rani as Chairman, Gordon Kharshandi as Vice Chairman and Andrew Donald Marwein as Vice Chairman. Mohan Lilani was elected as secretary and Andrew Donald Marwein was elected as chairman. Many office bearers were also elected to the committee.
“Like other political parties and the people of East Jaintia Hills, and the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, AJYWO, in one voice, strongly opposes the state government's plan to build a railway line in the district. On the grounds that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been implemented yet in the state, as has been done in other states in the North East, the state government has “It has been decided in the Legislative Assembly since 2019 to implement it for the protection of the indigenous people of the state, but this has been ignored by the state and central governments,” he said. Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Addl District and Session Judge of the District Council Court, West Garo Hills today sentenced Tengsal D. Sangma to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 100,0 because he killed his own wife.
On this occasion, he inaugurated the MAD Gallery and the exhibition of Mario Pathaw.
On the other hand, Bah Alfond urged the farmers to contact the leaders at any time if they want clarification and they can call at any time by calling 9366601874 or
Police sources said that Chinmoy Hajong saw the shooting of the guards and arrested them. The prisoners shot and beat him until he died. injured.
"Not all but only in some areas and gradually we will move forward on how to bring about good education for the students," he added.
However, the most shocking thing is the collapse of the newly elected Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the night of 21st May 2022 in New Shillong. It has been decided that they will not be able to hold the Dorbar in the next Assembly Session.
What remains now is to look into which areas are allowed to sell land and which areas are not allowed to sell land and to proceed with the applications on these grounds.
He requested for the cooperation of all to get recognition from the Government and District Council authorities.
It may be recalled that the President holds the post of Vice President at the party level, at the national level and is the Deputy Chief Minister of the NPP-led government in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the CEm said that the commemoration of this day will be a day of encouragement for the leaders to continue to strengthen the sword in their hands.
“I am confident that in the aspirations and expectations of the people when they sent us to Parliament, we will not shrink from seeing the fulfillment of the aspirations of the people, using this place that Parliament and follow the rules of democracy.
The 10th position went to Christian Academy, Shillong with Sandara Marpna, Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong with Isabella Mawlong and Pallavi Phenang with 554 marks.
Shillong, June 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. .
Swapnil Tembe DC of West Garo Hills has been transferred and appointed as Joint Secretary, Education and Project Director of SSA.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the decades-old border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam can only be resolved through dialogue. and the judgment, but not the war.
The morning session started at 10:00 pm with the laying of wreaths at the statue of Swami Vivekananda by the chief guest, Harish Chandra Chaudhary, IFS. .
The 30 bikes from Shillong to Delhi will be under the supervision of the Director General of BSF from Delhi. students of the states through which they pass.
Shillong, March 02: Ki civil society organizations in Garo Hills have announced to hold a rally in Tura to protest against the allegation that two teachers of Kendra Vidalaya have raped school children.
If the government has allowed Kwai, tympew should also allow the Syiem to sell.
