Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) strongly condemns the attack by the Assam Police on the residents of Langpih Village and also on the employees of the Meghalaya Electricity Department, MeCEL. who went to install the electricity tank so that the electricity can be delivered to the villages of Langpih area.
Referring to the last MLA election, the party has fielded 21 candidates in a short period of time and out of these 2 candidates have won and 19 candidates have not reached the target. The party has been working hard to win the MDC elections. (SP News).
This was announced in a statement issued by Samla Ohibait Dkhar President KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
At present, all these Acts and Rules are only for large companies, and deprive small landowners.
The protest was to demand that the MeECL authorities should recognize the day laborers as full time employees and pay the arrear of the employees.
Shillong, Iaiong 6 : The first school in the North East of India, which has been opened exclusively for women, is the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls' Higher Secondary School. Shillong, said Rev. JPL Gadew, President of the Managing Committee of the School.
This is the statement of the Prime Minister.
“We will hold a meeting today to discuss how to deal with this inconsistency in the talks with the minister,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Shillong Lajong Academy, India has finished seventh in the BRICS Football Tournament held in China.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) will introduce a government decision to change the Khasi language as the official language in the Legislative Assembly. day of the meeting.
He said that the camp was held to pave the way for self-preparation and to ensure timely remittance of payments by the factories.
The question is, what is your commitment.
The government has implemented this way bridge last month and this has caused a lot of trouble to the traders but the government has implemented it to stop the vehicles. I didn't go to Bangladesh.
One of the traders, Bah Henry Dkhar, strongly criticized the Hills Farmer Union (HFU) for not interfering in the relationship between the traders and farmers. They are the farmers of salonsar.
The meeting was conducted by Rev P Dkhar. Other speakers included Wansuk Syiem MP, M Mawsor MDC, S Iawphniaw Principal. school children and others.
Where are the thousands? Why are they renewed? Why do non-Tribal shops in many parts of Jaintia Hill not have Trading License? If all Non-Tribal shops have Trading License why don't they display their Trading License according to the rules? of JHADC in your shops? Why did they hide it? Do they not have a Trading License or do they not renew it or do they do business beyond the rules stipulated in their Trading License or are there other reasons for this? The Seng wants to know this.
The President of the KSU Mawiongrim Unit, Valentina Shullai, has praised the hard work of the KSU Mawiongrim Unit.
The Prime Minister said that the payment of loans alone for the year 2017-2018 will amount to T.589 crore and the payment of food allowances will reach T.730 crore , on all these figures On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that this year's budget will be less than T.1,236 crore which is about 3.8% of the state's GSDP. The Prime Minister said that the government will think again how to increase the excise duty on beverages, beer, alcohol and others. other beverages related to foreign liquor, such as license fees, for the export of foreign liquor and for various types of licenses in relation to foreign liquor.
The AJYWO leader should think twice before claiming to be a party leader, otherwise the RTI received by Arlin Dkhar from the office of the PIO of JHADC is not sufficient. MH Dkhar has already registered a case against the CEM JHADC for bringing him under various provisions of the law.
Referring to the decision to join the NPP, Nehlang Lyngdoh said the reason is that he sees that the government under the leadership of Cornad K Sangma as the prime minister has listened to the demand of the NPP. The people of the state have been involved in the process.
There are 75 cases in East Khasi Hills, 51 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the NGT Committee for taking this decision and this will help the state to earn about T.30 crore and if it can sell all the 32 lakh MT of coal. the state will receive Rs 500 crore.
He was buried at the Church Cemetery in Shillong.
According to the Human Centric Approach to Tobacco Control, 27% of Indians use tobacco in some way, and this has led to many diseases, which is shocking to see. because it affects the daily lives of families all over the world.
By paying the salaries of the employees of these three government corporations, the MIDC has now found itself in a difficult situation even to pay the salaries of the employees.
Regarding the absence of the Rangbah Shnong for more than a year, they said that the reason is the lack of action by the Sordar of Laitlyngkot Elaka, Bah Alenson Shabong even after receiving a letter from the Rangbah Shnong. the District Council.
At this meeting, the center distributed 910 certificates to the best computer and language students.
Here there are many ways that you can choose and those who will improve the resources are not the people who have come for special training, the Monsoon has brought to the people this way of improving people at a price. which fit with membership will benefit.
On the 7th of this month, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, accompanied by Gunanka DBIFS Executive Director, INRM, visited one of the offices of the Aroma Mission at Byrwa, Ri-Bhoi District. , Arpith Upadhyay, DC Ri-Bhoi District and Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Comrad expressed his satisfaction with the progress in the production of these agricultural products including oil products in addition to herbicide-resistant plants.
Greatmercy participated in the Loreal Hair Show held at Hotel Blue Raddison, Guwahati in 2019 and reached the final of Mrs. Super Mom
Delicia E Jyrwa, Field Publicity Asst., ROB Shillong gave the closing remarks.
On this occasion, Bah Nongrum also distributed 200 chickens to 75 beneficiaries.
The Prime Minister said that Bangladesh in the eastern part of the country has a shortage of electricity and if possible Bangladesh can purchase electricity from Meghalaya through Sohra and the western part of the country. The Chief Minister said that at present the state sells electricity because of the 24X7 demand for electricity. The fire is not the same, there is a time when the power is available and at this time the power cannot be sold.
The demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya by the political parties has been a long standing demand for the past few years and the government has set up many committees for this purpose but until now it has not been implemented.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The award was presented to the best stars of the state on July 15, 2013 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. 2023, including five stars from Assam.
After that, if the people accept that this is the responsibility of the village itself, what they are standing now is after the people have demanded that the Umsning Sub Division be handed over to the companies. personally opposed.
According to the RTI, the salary of SSA teachers who have completed their qualifications under the RTE Act and NCTE norms has been increased from T.9,200 to T.19,0 044 for Lower Primary and from T.9,900 to T.20,493 including DA 107 percent, while for teachers who have not completed their qualifications according to the provisions of the RTE Act. and NCTE norms will be 44.95 per cent for Lower Primary teachers which is T.13,335 and 45.38 per cent for Upper Primary teachers which is T.14,3
In fact, it should have increased the share because these states of the North East of India including Meghalaya are not sugar producing states.
The scheme was launched by looking at the participation of farmers who certified themselves.
Regarding the statement of the MP from Meghalaya, he said that the BJP in these days when it came to power has not said anything on the issue of banning the slaughter of cows in Meghalaya. can you Ri.
Therefore, the KJCE Union wants the law to work properly to restore peace once again in the state.
Shillong Lajong have not played well since the Federation Cup with only two points from three games.
This was sent by Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
The meeting also approved the Mawthadraishan BCC to be the highest authority of the Joint Committee to take the necessary action for the MDC Election. Those candidates who have left the Congress party to fight against the Congress candidate will not be allowed to contest the MDC election. It was also decided to authorize Bah Gitanjelis to continue to campaign as the party's candidate for the MDC election
The meeting was attended by CEM Denang T Sangma, Dy CEM Augustin Marak and officers from the two District Councils of GHADC. The JHADC was led by the CEM and PN Syiem who conducted the meeting along with other MDCs, while the JHADC led by the Congress party did not attend the meeting.
John Khongsit Vice President of HANM, said that the district administration has banned the mining without permission from the government under the Minor and Minerals Concession Rule of the state government. The quarries that are still operating have not complied with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
“Reflecting on India after 100 years of independence, the Minister said, “Friends, the country has completed 75 years of independence.
They decided to convene a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Sangma as general secretary and 19 other party office bearers.
One death has been reported from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The purpose of the campaign is to educate the people to take care of themselves in their health and to fight hard to eradicate polio from the state.
Daplin was very lucky because in human terms we don't think she was alive anymore, because Kheinlang had tied her all over her body with a knife and a stone.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) today announced that it has suspended the construction of a new construction site in Them Market Mawlong.
Shillong, July 20: The Leader of the Congress Legislative Party, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has served for 50 years of independence, 36 years of Congress rule and has done many development projects. They are the ones who have joined the Congress.
In doing so, they protect the freedom of the people.
Today, the world looks up to India with pride.
These farmers are from different parts of the state including Tinash Momin from West Garo Hills, Baphira Nongdhar from East Khasi Hills, Springwell Kharmarshra from West Garo Hills, Jelum R. Marak from South Garo Hills, Tanly. Lapasam of Jaintia Hills and Grithilson M.Sangma of East Garo Hills District.
In his speech, Bah Adilbert Nongrum said that he is ready to support Bah PN Syiem for the sake of the people, it is better to win the election than to lose the future. in the struggle to protect the nation.
He said that the States should strengthen the testing.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The mid-term election for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, in which the people of Tura Parliamentary Constituency, have voted to fulfill their duty to elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of India, which was left vacant by the death of Purno A Sangma who has been in charge of the post for 40 years.
Shillong, June 23: The Civil Service Day was celebrated in West Khasi Hills District.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma to oppose the Governor's speech in Hindi on the opening day of the Budget Session. on the 16th of this month.
At this meeting, the Commission also honored the offices of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Central Armed Police Force and the Railway Department for their contribution in the smooth conduct of the Legislative Assembly elections. transparent and clutter-free in 2022.
He said that according to the RTI reply, out of the 107 buses, there are now only 40. The auction of buses since 2019 has been up to 9 vehicles and the revenue from the auction of these buses has been to T.9 lakh.
Tura, Nailur 12: The indefinite curfew called by the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GSC) has started today.
Following the clash between the Khasi Pnars and Karbi, the West Jaintia Hills Police Department has deployed police patrols in the area to maintain peace and order.
The HANM leader said that the pistol was bought from a man named Bah Pynshai Rani for 40,000 tyngka.
The Karbi Hemtun was inaugurated by Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday.
The Court Yard is the largest hotel in the North East, not only the largest but also the largest with the largest number of rooms. the work is completed.
This will help in providing employment to the unemployed youth.
He also urged those who have not employed these people to stop immediately.
Himalaya said their visit was to get to the area and they had received information that some water pumps had arrived from the area and this was after Rahul Gandhi from Rahul Gandhi. The Congress has told the Prime Minister of India that the machines have started arriving.
After this, the Prime Minister will view the Guard of Honour.
I urge the faithful to keep in prayer for this,” said Pastor Phawa.
The arrested was identified as Mark Najer, 28, who completed his studies in Delhi.
According to a source, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangngap, Bah Bah Deimon Lyngdoh, said that on the morning of 29th June, 2024, the farmer went to the field at about 5:00 pm. When the family members arrived home, the villagers went to look for him in the field but his body was found the next morning.
According to the SP News Agency, the voters were given Umsoh, Khulom, Mimit and a banner with the words “Voted Today”.
Shillong, March 04: SSA teachers today met with the Minister of State for Education, Deborah C Marak to discuss the post of fourth teacher in SSA schools, which the government wants to hire. I went to Lower Primary School.
These are needed not only in the shops of Upper Shillong but throughout the state, and this is also the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department for the health of the people.
“These two laboratories have confirmed that the drug is safe and Meghalayan Medical Drugs & Services Ltd has taken steps to check the quality of the drug, following the news. happiness.
Meanwhile, at Iew Thymmai in East Khasi Hills, BSF troops have arrested cow smugglers who were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
These are not new incidents but what is more sad is especially for the farmers in the evening due to the shortage of Staff Nurses, Ward Boys and alone in the Labor Room.
In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the founders of this school for providing education to the children of the area. Even in the midst of the difficulties they faced, this school has won a name in many ways.
Kong Kmoin, who will take part in the 800m, 1500 m and 3000 m in the 75 years old category, expressed her happiness after the meeting with the Chief Minister and the Minister of Sports.
This purpose is to deprive the indigenous people of their right to land and resources as empowered by the Sixth Scheduled.
Through this school, the children will be trained to shape their future not only in education but in any job that they can do through the training provided to them at this school according to the Juvenile Justice Act.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the Union honored the mothers or church workers who have been the fruit of their efforts to bring the light of the Word of God to the villages. and the Spiritual Director of Zone VII.
Shillong, March 25: After waiting for many months for a meeting, the party today submitted a memorandum to the office of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
When the KSU members went to inspect the construction of the Laitumkhrah Market, the police who were patrolling the area together with the Laitumkhrah Police did not allow the KSU members to enter the market. and he went to the market.
The program also witnessed the launch of an independent group to assist in the government's special focus on youth-led development and to make the youth the “bringers” of development.
Shillong, March 10: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today confirmed its office bearers for the South East Khasi Hills District at a meeting held at Mawmluh, Sohra. The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, has confirmed the meeting.
The Monolith Festival will start on the 22nd, 23rd and 24th of June this year and will be organized by the KHADC in collaboration with the Tourism Department, Meghalaya Age Limited of the State Government.
After leaving the ADC's room, the members of the party visited Bah Shanroi Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, husband of Kong Martina who was shot dead by the BSF and is still hospitalized at the Civil Hospital Khliehriat. The KSU has strongly condemned the BSF for violence against the people in Kuliang village at midnight by shooting and bombing women, children and the elderly without forgiveness. period.
Startups supported by NEVF, selected local business opportunities and brought business improvements through their products and service offerings.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah J Tynsong, Executive Member in charge of the construction of the house, said that even the contractor who is constructing the house has not said anything yet to increase the price. However, he saw that the allocation of funds will not be enough to complete the house, there will be an increase in the price because the work has been suspended for one year.
If the government doesn't recognize the Khasi-Jaintia, it will also recognize the Garo Hills.
Lovelast Lathong, Chairman of the Youth Association of Iooksi Pyllun Village, handed over 14070 tyngka to Nehemaya Tyngkan.
To do this, the government has taken and introduced various schemes which have been implemented in CHCs and PHCs because the treatment should be between 60-70% and also in dispensaries and the government will implement. they shall be cared for until they are settled.
Shillong, March 11: The Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society (TWES) Shillong on Friday night decided to urge all the seven MLA candidates who are contesting the mid-term elections to 26-Shella Assembly Constituency that if any of them wins this election, they should first look after the roads.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, in 2015, has decided that 26th November will be the Constitution Day of India to commemorate the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Statue of Unity. This day also coincides with the celebration of the 125th birth anniversary of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar, the founder of the Constitution of India.
The letter was sent by email to the Prime Minister that the four parties have not sought a face-to-face meeting due to the outbreak of COVID-19 which has severely affected the lives and livelihoods of the people. However, she is confident that the Prime Minister will listen to the complaints of the Sengbhalang.
When asked about the failure of the students, the Secretary of the MPSC said that perhaps it is the high pass mark set by the Directorate of Accounts & Treasuries which has caused the students not to pass because compared to others. Other Government Departments have set the Qualifying Marks at only 33 marks and those who come first will be selected.
The implementation of the MHIS-IV scheme will start from the first month of June
Regarding the demand for ILP, the government has agreed to provide and has introduced a Comprehensive Mechanism to prevent the entry of foreigners. The demand for ILP has not disappeared from the party.
The inspection was conducted after the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Khatarshnong said that the road works were not carried out by the contractor Bah Homi Khongsit who was also led by foreign workers who did not receive the permits. Labor License and Work Permit.
Shillong, Nail 23 : Relatives and leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (YFF) East Khasi Hills District Unit led by Bah Bless Dkhar on Tuesday laid wreaths at the Hill. The funeral of Balajied Dkhar on the 23rd anniversary of his death by police on the 23rd of July
The General Manager, Bah Habamutlang Lyngdoh, said that he is pleased to see that these youngsters of the state have been given this opportunity to join the club and the goal of the club is to want to see the club become the first team in football.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that one more person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to people in the whole state.
Referring to the political situation in the state, she said that the people of the state are now turning to the NPP to be the leader of the Congress.
According to our information, the examination was conducted on the scheduled day and time for more than 10,000 job applicants and the examination was conducted using OMR sheets," he said. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has signed a letter to the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
There are 2060 cases so far.
For the year 2017 to 2020, it will amount to T.7932 crore.
Police today arrested 13 leaders of the protest and sent them to judicial custody.
The reason we found, according to the research, we found the poverty of families and the breakdown of families and many of the children who are kept in open shelters are the ones whose mothers have to carry them. children.
The state government's decision to temporarily suspend the policemen who have been accused of involvement in the murder of Bah Cheris shows that the government has something behind it.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah PN Syiem, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that they do not agree with the election of the Syiem of the Hima. , Sirdar in politics and they will try their best not to do this and it should not happen again, said Bah Syiem.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Warjri said that the presence of rivers and streams has been a blessing to the people of the state.
The Seng does not understand why the weighbridge has not sent down those trucks carrying too much stone, if it is so good to remove the weighbridge in Sohkha by the Government.
Shillong Lajong beat Luoyang Xiang FC 3-1 in Group B. Shillong Lajong beat Dongguan Machong FC 3-1 on Saturday. Fujian Outshion FC won the group stage and reached the quarterfinals.
In this meeting, the DC said that they have been looking for foreign buildings to hold classes for the students because the college is no longer available but they have not been able to get them because they don't have buildings. I'm going to be in class.
He said that since the introduction of NERGS which is part of Schedule XI, this schedule is to fight against poverty and since it was introduced, it is understood that this is to win people to the rural areas. He said that in the rural areas especially they are happy to get money, of course they are happy to get money and employment has helped a lot to get employment, but what is scary now This is the implementation of Panchayatiraj from outside the villages and the Dorbar Shnongs have to think carefully.
Application forms can be obtained from the offices of the District Social Welfare Officers.
The Director in charge, NIT Meghalaya, Prof. Ayon Bhattacharjee, who inaugurated the photo exhibition today, praised the initiative of CBC Shillong in organizing the multimedia exhibition and urged the students to visit the photo exhibition. this exhibition.
All these things were hidden because there were people in power.
During these six months, all 37 girls will receive special training from the teachers appointed by the team to train them.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today led by its President Rikut N Parien and General Secretary Emperor Bareh met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thom Shiwat. They handed over a letter to him and the present EC to implement three urgent demands for the good and development of the country and the nation as a whole.
Only those who have already received permission from the relevant Ministers can meet the Ministers during the sessions of the Legislative Assembly.
The purpose of the briefing was to share more detailed information with the citizens of Meghalaya and also to encourage and urge them to use the powers of the State Convention Centre, Shillong. you are not in the state.
Students and others to gather views and suggestions on the future of school counselling, infant care and education, teacher training and old.
At the same time, the march was to urge the government to arrest these perpetrators.
We found that the CHC has spread the garbage from the hospital inside the compound from plastic, medicine bottles and others.
The letter was signed by the President of the circle, Samla Platini Mukhim and the notice was sent to the Deputy Commissioner and the District Human Rights Commission. of the state.
He said that due to the increase in factories the temperature has increased by 0.74C in the last 100 years and according to government estimates of various countries of the world by 2100 the temperature will rise by 1-C 6-4.3C.At the same time, sea levels have risen by 12-27 cms in the past 100 years.
Meghalaya won the silver medal in the 27th North East Games after beating Manipur 2-3 in the final at the Khuman Lampak Main Stadium, Imphal on the 11th. June 12, 2013.
On the other hand, the people of War Jaintia have lost confidence in the BSF due to this action.
Shillong, Nailar 14: In the past few days and years, there have been many laws which have affected the rights of the people of Hynniewtrep especially the laws passed by the Government of India.
He said this while reminding the Deputy CEM i/c of ​​KHADC, Bah PN Syiem regarding the demand for the removal of Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima and requested the Council to provide a copy. He said that the JAC has demanded to hold an election to elect a new and full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today announced that they have recovered the body of a child wrapped in a plastic bag from Wah Umiew. 10/30/2019.
It will also help the people of the area in employment as well as increase the production of quality knives and finished goods.
On this occasion, a statue of Father Sun was also unveiled and placed in the parish to commemorate the prominent Catholic preacher of Meghalaya and a great thinker of the nation. wrote many books.
“This is a proud and happy moment because the state has not had its own patriotic song for 52 years,” he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Hamletson Dohling, Chairman of the State Planning Board, Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary, He said that during the meeting, the Chief Minister promised that he will take action regarding the problem.
The Soh Rep Pai Department has now prepared a master plan to cultivate unused crops which requires up to 2 heaters in the state in the next three years. In the first year they will take 20,0 heaters, the second year will be 40,000 heaters and the rest will be completed within five years.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to these soldiers who have just completed their training in various ranks according to their skills during their training.
The union after investigating the sudden emergence of this market which imports cows and goats from outside the state has found that the operators are pretending to provide the necessary documents but according to the findings of the union The market for cows and goats is illegal because there are no doctors who have certified that the cows and goats that come from abroad have been properly injected.
At this meeting, it was found that there are many vacancies in MeECL but it has been decided that without the permission of the Ministry of Electricity, no vacancies can be appointed. The Minister also found that there are some departments within MeECL, some areas where there are too many people unemployed and some areas where there is a shortage of employees.
Shillong, June 25: U Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh President of the Swim Well Aquatic Club on Tuesday said that the Swim Well Aquatic Club has been established in Meghalaya especially in Shillong. and the watchman to protect him from the sword.
There were also expressions of concern regarding the early announcement of the resolution which coincided with the announcement of the resolution of the General Election or on the 4th of July.
On the other hand, the Myllim Block, before the division of the Bloch in 2012, has provided a scheme through the block to improve these two wells to become their own sanitation and water supply. he didn't drink his own but now they're trykhong.
In 1833, while he was in the mountains after being wounded by a shot, the British captured Tirot Singh and sent him to Dhaka.
The hope that others will praise us will not help the country.
“It has been 15 years without the construction of the road (Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur), but in the past few days, we all know that the MES road and Goraline road have been closed.
“We have talked to the Block Development Officers (BDOs) to take action and ensure that Dengue does not spread in the state,” she said.
In West Jaintia Hills District, Bah DM Wallang, Incharge Deputy Commissioner, inaugurated the polio vaccination campaign.
She said that she came to Rangiya railway station because she had a friend who lived near the railway station, but when she reached this place she did not know the way to his house. and she could not find the way back home.
Modi said he wanted to work with these officers and become a member of their teams and said he was sure of the achievement of the objectives of the program before the stipulated time.
Three police Gypsies, two bikes and a Scooty were involved in the incident.
When there is no change and the MLA has not done anything as he promised, it is up to the people of this area to turn to elect another MLA in the upcoming 2013 elections.
However, the negligence of the former government to build a PO in Psiar at that time, led the Assam Government to continue to cross the border.
Whether we are in India, Bangladesh, England or any other country, we should respect the Lama of that country. the country where the Lama of that country is located.
The JAC demands that the government should take over the land for the construction of the power plant from West Khasi Hills to Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
: Former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang on Friday said that the post of Adviser for the Education Department was proposed by the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Secretary. Prestone Tynsong.
Shillong, Lber 21: The BSF today conducted free medical treatment at Dangar in East Khasi Hills and Nolikata in South West Khasi Hills District for the villages on the border with Bangladesh. .
Shillong, June 23: The Syiem of Khyriem Hima Dr Balajied Syiem has convened a meeting of the nine Dorbar Shnongs of Smit to discuss the closure of the Smit Market in the middle of the area.
In connection with this exhibition, it is expected that it will be a bright color during the rainy season and if anyone wishes to open a basa during those days, please contact Phone No.8131948844/ 9436307170.
In a letter signed by Alan West Kharkongor to the DC of East Khasi Hills District, it was written that the two tourist roads to Sohra, Dainthlen and Nohkalikai, have been damaged. excessive.
The match ended with Jofika FC beating Iatreilang FC 3-1
Shillong, June 28: The President of Tura Government College Students Union (TUTU) Mr. Annad Ch Moimin and General Secretary today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Power and Power, Abu Taher Mondal. demand that the government should reduce the hours of lighting.
On this day, children under the age of five years were vaccinated against polio across the state.
Shillong, November 03: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has received many complaints from the public in recent days that many people have fallen victim to the offer of money by robbers claiming that they have won. The RBI has directed the public to report such notices to their email addresses. or in messages through mobile phones should not be accepted but should be rejected immediately because they are deceitful and deceitful of selfish people.
In North Gujarat, there is a Jain pilgrimage city known as Mahudi. 100 years ago there was a Jain saint born into a farming family.
"“Therefore, I urge the relevant authorities to accept the suggestions so that it can improve the lives and residence of non-tribals in Meghalaya by immediately arresting the robbers involved in the murder. to foreign states so that there will be peace and stability in the State.
Banteidor said that the English newspapers write from time to time about this drug and why the government wants to encourage the introduction of this drug and today there are still newspapers why the government has introduced the drug. This demand, alleging that it was only an election fraud to issue a verdict in April.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck and registered a case against him and the three bodies have been handed over to the family members after completing the requirements of the law.
Furthermore, initiatives such as the establishment of the Cheetah Research Center where there are services for rescue, rescue, improvement of services, understanding.
To date, there are 38 different languages, including the Khasi language from Meghalaya and some in the northeastern states; Tenyidi from Nagaland, Mizo (Lushai) from Mizoram, Kok Barak from Tripura, Lepcha from Sikkim and others who are fighting for the inclusion of their language in the Fifth Schedule and are currently under the supervision of the by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Besides, the two leaders also met with the President of the BJP and the North Eastern Regional Commissioner.
Other violence on the polling day occurred in Sahsniang of West Jaintia Hills District where the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District had to impose a curfew in the village to curb the violence.
From Laitumkhrah, Dr. Ampareen and her supporters marched to the NPP office in Lower Lachummiere with cheers and cheers.
Bah Tambor Lyngdoh congratulated Ambassador Thierry Mathou on the publication of his book.
On July 19, 2024, a case was registered at Mendipathar Police Station under Section 392 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Sec. 25 (IA) (IB) Arms Act.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Governor of Meghalaya has convened the first session after the elections for the two District Councils in the state, KHADC and JHADC. as public representatives.
Mawphlang is famous for its sacred forest and is also a tourist destination that has attracted many foreigners.
The FKJGP Seng once again congratulates and encourages all the teachers not to lose heart even if they face difficulties because the Seng will always be with them at all times and difficulties. At the same time, the Seng urges the state government to take action to look into the problems of the teachers as one of the priority issues so that these problems can be addressed. Education in the state has been improved.
Shillong, June 06: BSF troops from the 4th Battalion of Meghalaya in collaboration with other teams have arrested two Bangladeshis identified as Rahul Amin, 37, from Sylhet and Abdul Kasim. 36 years old Sunamganj and Dawki.
In his speech, the Joint Secretary, Commerce and Industry, Diwakar Mishra urged all those involved in these activities, farmers and traders to take care of the unique products of Meghalaya. there is a reasonable price.
That's what matters.
In his speech, former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo, NPP candidate, recalled the struggles for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division since his time in the Congress party when Dr DD Lapang said he was the Chief Minister during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister of the state.
During the investigation, the two arrested persons confessed to the police that the money they deposited in the bank belonged to the Area Commander of the GNLA, Baichung.
Besides these awards, laptops will also be distributed to those who have achieved excellence in their studies.
This will put them in a state of crisis and may lead them to flee to other states of India especially in the North East.
He said that this joint cycling race will bring closer ties between the two countries.
The HNYF appeals to the government authorities that as they appeal to the people during the election, they should listen to the people because this now affects the people. The government doesn't have the right to think differently.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Meghalaya Police today released 17 members of HANM and three of their leaders. The other arrested members of the party are Bah Alban K Ganshnga and Bah Arphul Kharbani.
This shows that the state government does not want to protect the lands of the indigenous people.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Shillong, Naitung 19: Shillong, Naitung 19: The Shillong Traffic Police has built a 35 meter high dam with a capacity of 3×7.5 MW. In the month of July, they have collected up to T.16,66,750 tyngka by fining vehicles which have violated the law by driving in the wrong places, parking in the wrong places, without proper documents.
However, to date, no Meghalayan has been employed or benefited from this project.
She said that she will put the work first.
This meeting is for those who live in Shillong and those who are still proud to be the children of the Tyrna Elaka or Tyrna Sirdarship.
The three arrested are Ranggam Marak of Ampati, Sakwan Ch.
“We are not against their invasion, but we are against it if they use bombs, ber dawai and throw jars into the river,” said Samla Ehboklang Sten President of the Unit.
The Union Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, JP Nadda said that the Government is guided by the belief in “Hope through Progress: Improvement of Health Care for All from part of sickle cell disease.
In his speech on behalf of the Christian religions, Fr Joseph Cilia said that Jesus came to this world for all nations without discrimination against anyone, without discrimination against those who but Jesus loved them all with the same faith.
Speaking at the meeting, Bhoumik said that the central government is determined to empower people with disabilities and is working hard to achieve the goal of the Prime Minister to provide services. to all the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Out of the three IITs in India which have written to investigate the failure of the Doe of the Legislative Assembly, out of the three IITs in India, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that Guwahati has accepted the visit.
This has caused the ethnic groups to run further behind and while they are running behind, the police have turned around without them and the non-native ethnic groups have turned behind the police with stones throwing stones at the ethnic groups. .
In a meeting with the DC, the union said that as a reason for the pride of the Jaidbynriew, the martial star of the world from Jaintia Hills, and also as a sign of recognition, encouragement and inspiration. She urged the DC to continue to work hard in this field, and also as an encouragement to other youth of Jaintia Hills, she requested the DC to do something for him. Ferdinand Suchiang, where the DC also said in front of the party leaders that he will do something for him.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by Nujorki Sungoh MLA, regarding the Police Outpost at Barato, said that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, He informed the House that the government is considering it and soon the government will take over and set up a police outpost at this place.
The incident occurred on the first day of 19/09/2013, the second on 06/10/2013 and now on 07/02/2
We will try to find out which group is the real one because the NSCN has groups and we will have to find out whether it is the NSCN or other groups and we will have to find out whether it is the NSCN or other groups. " he said.
Shillong, Nailar 14: A total of 35 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today.
The same meeting was held in Pynursla Block and Mylliem Block.
Through Twitter, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021 will be announced next month.
When asked, Titos said the District Council has set a rule that women can be members of the Village Development Councils (VDCs).
Railways coach Sagar, who won the silver medal at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, beat Vishal Kumar of Delhi 5-0
He said that the Sixth Schedule and the Land Transfer Act Act cannot be amended if there are many other ethnic groups as leaders. He said that the CoMSO has urged all the 60 MLAs to go to Delhi to demand the ILP to ensure that the central government will implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
If this happens, it is better to remove the party from the District Council because of party thinking and worrying too much about foreign votes.
We must live together as children of one father.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in the state.
After the minerals have been removed from the land, it has to be restored and the land goes back to the landowners.
Army and Air Force teams and assets were deployed to assist the state in rescue and relief operations.
One of its central issues is the Declaration on the need for economic development to ensure that future generations will have enough food and water.
He said that this new batch of health care providers, who have the tool of Ayush health care, will help people to get benefits.
After a thorough investigation, the KSU identified the suspects as Moida Khatun, 25, Alser Ali, 24, Khatiza Khatun, son of Alser Ali, Ali Hussain. 23 years old, Abdul Hussain 18 years old, Azad Ali, Sahidul Islam 18 years old, Hassan Ali 19 years old, Dilal Hussain 18 years old, Rofikul Islam 18 years old, Jerul Hoque 27 years old, Aisha Khatun, Yakup Ali 19 years old, Ajmud Ali 19 years old, Md Mojibur Rahman 40 years old, Ajma Khatun 40 years old, Hajara Khatun 25 years old, Hasima Khatun 19 years old, Esmina Khatun 18 years old, Hasmud Ali.
He urged the people to take advantage of the programs and schemes of the Government.
The lock of the toilet was opened at about 8:45 pm so that Kong Syiemlieh could use it for cleaning and going to the toilet while she was sitting in the parking lot.
The KMSS is fighting against the government's confiscation of land and giving it back to the rich and eliminating the small paid land owners.
He was injured and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The State Government has been struggling to build this road from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor for a long time and it has been standing for many years as the first plan to build this road was from Lad Mawreng to Weiloi Mawsynram Lad Balat to Ranikor. Queens.
The total number of confirmed cases today is 62, 34 from East Khasi Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills, 4 from South West Garo Hills, 4 from West Jaintia Hills and 4 from North. Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 2, the total number of cases is
The District Council is the stieh to protect the people but when there is a slight mistake here and there in the work of the Council, some selfish people who don't like the District Council express it on social media. “The District Council should be abolished and some people who don't know the truth have agreed to say yes it should be abolished but through this channel they will now get the right information and clarity,” said Bah Manage.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under the provisions of Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
In another match, Lukhyllem SC became the winner of the 5th Invitation Football Tournament 2018 by defeating Young FT by tie breaker at Sohpian. The final day of the tournament will be held on the 27th July at the Sohpian Stadium.
This app offers a self-certification option.
The UHM said that it is a shame for them and especially for the Chief Minister of Punjab who speaks without knowing the beginning and the end of the affairs of our state, looking at the example of other states like Assam when it has There is no land ownership even though the people have been illegally living in government land for decades.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Commander said that the scheme of T.6000/- tyngka to farmers by the central government is only for those who own farmland and who have cannot prove that they own the land through the land.
From time to time, these crimes against children have increased in our state, even after we have witnessed the protests from all sides, but why do these crimes not decrease or disappear? type syndrome.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr W Kharlukhi has rejected the party's offer to take over as Chairman of the government.
He said that before the online application forms were implemented, the scheme was working well in Meghalaya, but after the online application, the scheme has declined in the state and in the country. In 2018, the growth rate was only 8%.
The doctors who attended the ceremony were Dr Baname, Dr WD Waanbah and Dr Jyrwa.
Shillong, Lber 23: Adhoc teachers today started a protest in front of the office of the KSU WJHDU. MBOSE to demand that the government should increase the salaries of teachers in the state which was last increased in
The demand that the government should demolish the power plant is that it will affect the agriculture of the people along the river as well as the tourism operators. 1500 people affected in West Jaintia Hills
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, who is the Retuning Officer for the election, has been authorized to set rules for the use of vehicles by the candidates. They shall have obtained permission to use the station during the election campaign in accordance with the rules of the Election Commission of India.
Bah Titosstarwell said that the traders should not take advantage of this opportunity but should strive to provide food items to all the people so that the villages in the rural areas will not face any shortage. eat.
“Some of the main objectives of the Seng are to work for the welfare and development of schools and to improve education from Pre- Primary to Secondary and Higher Secondary for aided and unaided permitted schools.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The East Khasi Hills Volleyball Association (EAVA) will hold an Inter Club Volleyball Tournament for the residents of East Khasi Hills District from 9/9/2 Young people who don't have the ability to participate in this game.
Self-protection is essential especially for people who walk and stand outside, the public should think and take care of themselves because prevention is better than cure, as a reminder that no one can help, even the Government, neither religious leaders nor leaders nor village leaders.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngianlang N Syiem, today said that a two-day special session has been convened to start tomorrow.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A prisoner named Shankar Ghosh has escaped from the custody of the police while being taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The NPP MLA said that the emergence of all these rebel groups is because the government has made a mistake in how to fight against them which has a wrong leader. all is that this government has not done anything to reach out to the civil society groups that are in protest now.
Regarding the health facilities, the government has strengthened the PPE facilities in all the states, 64,458 PPEs, 80190 N95 masks, 60 BiPAP Machines and 3 ply masks. you have 5,10,000/-.
At this meeting, he also elected the office bearers of the East Khasi Hills District. The Nongkrem leader who is also the vice president of the party was elected as the president of the party.
The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Bah Vincent H. Pala, has admitted that many leaders of other political parties have urged him to contest the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat in .
Tengton R. Sangma is the Headmaster of an Upper Primary School in Rangsahpara.
Shillong, November 17: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, RV Suchiang today issued the rules for the celebration of Christmas and New Year to prevent the spread of COVID-1 they have to follow the rules.
““I have requested RTI from the office of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and when I asked for information on the expenditure provided by the Central Government for the CoVID-1
The States also benefited.
Shillong, Nailur 11: With the concern of how to solve the problem faced by the people of Ranikor Constituency especially in relation to this mobile era because in many places they do not have mobile network. Tower and on the other hand, the new MLA Bah Pius Marwein called on the officials of Reliance Jio Company and thought how to solve this problem of the people.
In the fiscal year 2022-23, 52,088 people have received treatment at the OPD clinics while 504 patients have stayed at the hospital for treatment.
The JSM strongly condemns this bias of the government and the corruption of the law enforcement agencies.
Pynshai Buhphang has passed away. We pray that the soul of this young man will rest in peace in the place that the Creator has not chosen.
Even Fidel Castro, the Liberator of Cuba, said that when he started his independence struggle, he had only 82 people. to the strong faith.
They confessed that they came from their country via Bangladesh and entered India via Tripura to Guwahati.
On this occasion, it was discussed that these people are within the state of Meghalaya because only the Garo Khasi Pnar who take their ancestry from their mother and inherit it from their mother. but Assam does not recognize this.
He urged the Chief Secretaries and DGs (Police) of the States and UTs to take steps to curb this.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Government of Meghalaya today issued a public notice that the Government has increased the fare of buses, trucks and other vehicles other than mini buses. This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Transport and Communications.
New Delhi, Nailar 23: The film industry contributes significantly to India's GDP.
The visit was to condole the death of a petrol bomb at his house.
The party led by its President, Bah Lamphrangsngi Kharbani, on this occasion, also honored the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem for his assumption of office. head of the Council.
During the inspection, it was found that the slep of the parking lot in Umsohsun has fallen and the robbers who cleaned the slep have appeared outside and arrested, if the SMB does not do anything about the parking lot. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do anything.
Most of the players of Lajong who will play today are from the U-17 team who will represent the country in the tournament.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board today held another public hearing on the request of Star Cement Company Private Limited to acquire another 42.2 hectares of land at Brichyrnot for the mining of Mawshun.
Raju said that the demand for meat in the state is not only for pork but also for beef and beef. He urged the companies to bring their equipment to the state to produce meat from the state.
Jowai, July 21: CMCL Christian Staffs donates to Sahsniang Orphanage A team of 20 Khasi employees of CMCL Christian Staff Lumshnong (EJHD) has visited the orphanage in Sahsniang. NEIMA Home Orphanage under the management of the North Eastern India Mission Association (NEMIA) headquartered in Shillong.
Referring to the complaint of the farmers that the price of food has increased too much, the Minister said that he will discuss with the ICAR tomorrow how to provide the food. less price to live farmers.
Police have registered a complaint against the arrested persons.
Prof.D.R.Syiemlieh's appointment as Chairman of the UPSC is an example to all our fellow citizens that there is no obstacle that can stop them if they have any desire but only hard work can achieve it. lead them to the cliffs of fame.
The KHADC has decided to assist the Khasi Author Society (KAS) to publish a dictionary to enrich the Khasi language.
Referring to MeECL, in 2010 when it was converted into a Corporation, the government had promised to pay the Terminal Benefit of the employees which amounted to T.840/- crore which MeECL had paid. pay now to employees T.600/- crore.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who has been appointed by the Union Government to chair the Cabinet to look into the issue of casinos in India, He today met with Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
He said that the Village Authorities or Gram Panchayats and the beneficiaries should be involved in the planning, implementation, management and maintenance of the water supply systems in the villages so that the targets can be achieved. .
He said that the old CEC of KHNAM has not been dissolved.
“We are very grateful to the Priests, Religious, Church Workers and all the faithful who have dedicated their bodies and souls to the advancement of the Holy Church of God.
All areas under the Cantonment Beat House will be covered.
They said that they have submitted their demands to the government many times but no action has been taken by the government till date.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Minister of State for General Administration, Rakkam A Sangma, today responded to a question by three MLAs, Adrent Miller Basaiawmoit, Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Brightstarwell Marbaniang. Government has not appointed Resident Commissioners in Meghalaya House, Kolkata and Mumbai.
The Maternity and Child Health Hospital at Nongstoin was constructed over a period of three years and the locals were expecting the Government to inaugurate the Hospital after the Ministry of Health sanctioned the  funds for procuring the equipment for use in the Hospital in November 2022.
Therefore, in order to curb the secret appointment or improper appointment of senior officials, we urge the State Government to cancel the call for interviews and to look only at the written test.
“As an MLA, I want the residents to improve their income and grow in jobs so that they can also improve the development for the sake of the people,” he said.
Most of the boats were recovered from the river.
Films related to tourism in the state were screened on the occasion. Speakers from Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong, Lady Keane College, Shillong, Institute of Tourism in the state. Management, Shillong, Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum (MRTF), Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship and  Tourism Department.
The scrutiny will be held on the following day 26th November 2018 at the party office at 12.00 pm and those who wish to withdraw their nomination forms can do so at the same time. the day before 12.00 pm.
Shillong, July 27: To welcome the New Year, the Laitumkhrah Sports, Social & Cultural Club (LLC) has held a musical evening on 24th July 2014 at Don Bosco Hall, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Information provision, answers to questions and related activities are ongoing to ensure that the supplies are delivered to the necessary areas in a timely manner to strengthen the fight against the disease. COVID-19.
This is the first time that the school has won so many medals and the school will lead India to the Olympics for the disabled to be held in Bulgaria.
They were identified as La-i-Kyrmen Khardesaw and Jenisha Lyngdoh.
Many of the issues raised in the past months were discussed at this meeting.
In this meeting, the Minister said that there are land proposals by the people but the land has not been known yet, but the land will be more than 1000 acres. the first since the committee was formed.
“It is clearly stated that the Executive Committee shall check before issuing a trading and labor licence whether a Khasi is qualified or not to perform such work. .
Shillong, July 11: As the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State approach, many people have started to sit down.
On the other hand, Bah John urged the people of Ri Bhoi area to start writing in books how to clean herbal medicines because this is a job.
On the other hand, the Seng requests and urges the Government to assist and look into the problems of the farmers in terms of the natural calamity and the prices of their crops. Mar Rep ha Ïew ha Hat and if the Government does not take responsibility for this, the Government has no intention and desire to develop agriculture.
On the other hand, the SRKBH leader said that if anyone complains about this, it is only a desire to who nia, because as it is now, it can be taken only by taking an affidavit from the court. No one can do this except the Rangbah Kur.
He said that there are non-profit organizations which have encouraged people to cultivate synsar, this financial assistance should be stopped immediately because synsar cultivation really affects the soil and people do not understand this impact and environmental dynamics.
We have tried to find ways to provide support to them, we are reviewing this.
The MoS stressed the role of the community, parents and their friends.
The Traffic Police of East Khasi Hills have gone to Barik to protest against the blockade of commercial taxis but the drivers have demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should immediately lift the order.
Besides the songs, there were also games performed by a group of students from the Visitation Sisters of Don Bosco (VSDB) of Upper Shillong.
In their welcoming speeches, the members of the House, including the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah and other MDCs, expressed their confidence in Bah Pynshgnianglang as the Speaker of the House. and allow the MDCs to speak on their positions.
They handed over the child to the DCPO and he is now six months old and he is with the Child Welfare Committee, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh. Lawei Baphyrnai', located in Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Chief Minister Duh also spoke about the program to issue more than 1 crore Ayushman Bharat Cards which has been launched in Assam which will help more people to save money.
Participants who fail to cross the Check Points will be disqualified.
There are places where we have to build ourselves by the village and we have had to spend about 15,000 to 20,000 village funds for the safety of the passengers and the safe passage of vehicles.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Shillong today registered a case against six employees of the Kakit Kabah Department in South Garo Hills. District as reported in the media.
On the last day, there were also meetings to discuss the bilateral relations between India (Meghalaya) and South Korea.
With the passage of this new bill, the types of disabilities in the body have been increased from 9 to 21 types of disabilities, and these 21 types of disabilities will be recognized by the person as The Bill also empowers the Central Government to re-enroll those with disabilities if any more are found.
After writing the FIR, she requested the Secretary of Lumshnong Village to file the FIR this morning.
The Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya, after revealing the facts of the incident, promised at the meeting that the BSF stands firm for the security of the country despite the challenges.
Aquarium boxes and ornamental fish were also distributed to four colleges in the district, namely Tirot Singh Memorial College and Khatsawphra College. , Mairang Presbyterian Science College and Mawkyllei College.
These schools are funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and the purpose of these schools is to help improve the education of the tribals across India.
We will not be responsible for any incidents that may be committed by the perpetrators.
In his speech, the Minister in charge of Rural Development said that this initiative of the government is necessary to bring the services of the government closer to the people, on this day. Government officials such as Director IR Sangma and Parvin Bakshi DC of West Garo Hills District were also present.
Giving an example of the expenditure of parents of children studying abroad, Shekhar said that some of them spend up to T.10 lakh to complete Engineering while the information they have received that there is such a scheme. their cost shall not exceed T.4 lakh.
Anyone who knows the perpetrators can contact the two mobile numbers 98630-21548 and 94361-0
Regarding the ILP, the KSU will continue to explain to the public on the 16th of this month in Mawsynram and on the 18th of this month in Nongstoin on the CAA. The government is slow to implement the MRSSA and the union will set up its own gates to check the mynder who come to the state.
Fifty years ago, the Khasi people escaped from the clutches of the Assamese people only because they wanted to attack and forcefully introduce their own Assamese language into the society of northern Assam.
According to the Inter-State Migrant Workmen Act (Amendment) 2011, this document not only shows the place of residence or hometown of foreigners but also shows the status of these foreigners whether they are illegal immigrants or who have been illegal immigrants. you don't have a bad law.
The swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Cabinet of Ministers in the coalition government led by the National People's Party (NPP) will be held tomorrow morning.
The MCC would like to express its gratitude to the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the entire sports department for their support.
Manik Singh Kharbani as Vice President, Orland Myrthong as General Secretary and 70 other party office bearers were also elected. The office bearers were confirmed by MLA HM Shangpliang and James Lyngdoh, both Vice Presidents of the party. to move the state forward in development works.
As the Sordar, he was also delighted to see that tens of thousands of people have respected and listened to the request of the Sordar since the time of the incident. take the law into your hands.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The National Green Tribunal Act 2010 and Meghalaya are against the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 1948 passed between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States. , held on 9th January 2014, at the office of the Dorbar, Demthring, Shillong, has received a copy of the letter dated 6th January 2014, from the office of the Chairman, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, written to the Union. Home Minister, Government of India, to urge him to fulfill the commitments concluded through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (1948) signed between India and the Hima Khasi States.
He said that the office has done whatever is necessary to remove those who have doubts about their names.
On the other hand, JSU Khliehriat Circle led by President Livingson Sama and General Secretary Emmanuel Bhoi laid wreaths at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at the New Deputy Commissioner's Office in Khliehriat.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Hek said the BJP will contest in all 60 constituencies in Meghalaya and said that this time the BJP will lead the government. in the state of Meghalaya.
A special welcome was held by the 58 GTC for Lt Gen SK Singh, and Lt Gen Dalbir Singh addressed the gathering. aid a Khukri which is the symbol of this army.
He said that if this happens, if there is a third outbreak of the disease, India as a whole will not be ready to protect the people from the disaster and he hopes that will not happen.
Therefore, on these issues, we request you as the Executive Member, I/C Trade, KHADC and especially as the MDC of Mylliem Hima to create the mechanism to convene a special committee of MDC Hima. Mylliem who had about 15 speakers on this topic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The use of funds during the MLA elections in Meghalaya in 2018 will be much lower than in previous years, said the president of the BJP Meghalaya. State Unit and Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
The suspect is now in the custody of the Byrnihat Police Station and the civil society groups have demanded that the law enforcement agencies should punish him according to the rules of law.
At this public meeting, it was also reported that the company said that the price they will pay will be according to the market price. by the Government in terms of payment.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply East Khasi Hills District today informed the public that those who have not yet received the NFSA scheme can send their application through the Rangbah Shnongs. don't have any complaints if any.
U Bah Embhah has now joined the NPP party and remember one thing, in the party there is no old or new, because sometimes there is that feeling but when we are one it means we are one.
He urged everyone to embrace the daily practice of Yoga for the betterment.
Speaking to media, Bah Nongkesh said that their visit to this place is to protest against the government for accusing the village of being fraudsters. bad you thank you.
On 2/01/2020, the Hima has called a meeting between the Village Authority and the Rangbah Shnong to discuss this issue but the Hima has not done anything.
The counting of votes for the MDC elections to the GHADC will be held on the 15th of this month.
A Joint Working Group has been set up by the Ministry of Mines of the Union Government for various States to coordinate the auction.
According to the preparations, the entry and exit point which has been built at Umling in Ri Bhoi District was supposed to be opened by the Chief Minister but due to the fact that he tested positive for COVID-1 Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the loss is not only for Shella but for the state and the MDA government led by him.
Shillong, Nailur 19: Today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 112 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. 1, Ri Bhoi 4, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 18 and West Jaintia Hills
The MLAs who resigned from the post of MDC are Ardent Basaiawmoit President of the HSPDP, Phlastingwell Pangniang of the HSPDP, Brolding Nongsiej, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP, Sanbor Shulai NCP and HDR Lyngdoh of the Congress party is from the KHADC. In JHADC, only Stephan Mukhim Independent from the War East constituency is the MDC candidate.
There are 375 recoveries from all districts, 190 from East Khasi Hills, 82 from West Garo Hills, 34 from Ri Bhoi and 34 from North. Garo Hills 17, the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 88644 cases.
Leaders of the party who were present were Khalid Khan, Ooma Tariang, Kailash Varma, Susuki Pariat and Suresh Singh.
Referring to the demand of Bah Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Langrin that the KHADC should set up an office in Mawkyrwat as they have now got a new district, the CEM said that they will look into this. depending on the availability of funds.
All the promises are merely thanks and mislead the people as well as the leaders and members of the Mahila.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: Students who have passed the Grade IV employment examination have decided to hold a strike on the 9th of this month against the government's the command too much.
There are also languages ​​which cannot be understood how they came into existence or which do not exist and which are not related to any ancient meaning because there is no snap from any other language of any people. and marjan is marjngai.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Ministry of Home Affairs in charge of the North East will hold a meeting of Deputy Commissioners, District Magistrates and Bangladeshi officials at Pinewood Hotel Shillong tomorrow morning.
We at the High Level of the NPP will bring about development.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Suresh Shtun has robbed a mother of a woman in a shop on the Shillong By-Pass on Tuesday night at Bhoirymbong village.
However, after a period of mourning, the organization has decided to resume the slaughter of the Messiah.
The driver of the Swief was identified as Bah Samuel Mawlong.
This is not the first time that the church has been robbed but it has happened three or four times.
The AJYWO for the sake of the safety and security of the people, urges all the companies in charge of mobile phone networks to immediately resolve this problem of mobile phone networks in Jaintia Hills since network talk phone to the network internet.
This was informed by the owners of the land and they also expressed their happiness that there are now only Khasi in this village.
Secondly, they can decide to hold an election to avoid the confusion of speech or actions.
150 women and 200 boys attended the meeting. The meeting was held at the Polo Ground.
He said it is necessary for the Government of India to complete the negotiations on the agreements and commitments for the peace and stability of the North East as a whole.
The public should come forward and inform the relevant authorities if they feel that they have been cheated by the traders in the wholesale market.
We strongly condemn such leaders, we strongly condemn the government for not listening to the grievances of the people.
These types of Sections are not compatible.
The Government will deliver the goods and allow in agreement with the Village Authorities to set a time to release and sell those villages in their respective villages where the people can go to buy food items from For the next 21 days, this will be only in urban areas.
The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has taken this step to improve and maintain the bridge as part of the efforts to prevent the destruction and defacement of the bridge near the village.
He said that the Executive Committee led by the NPP in GHADC has allocated only Rs 15 lakh to Tura Constituency and it is also a constituency led by the Prime Minister.
The officials explained in detail about the situation of Covid-19 in the districts and states, the conduct of tests, the availability of oxygen, the availability of health facilities and the method of distribution of medicines.
The Home Minister of India, Amit Shah, has sent his condolences on the passing away of the famous Indian singer. I'm going to have a band.
The arrested persons are also from Manipur.
Chairman of Jettwings, Shillong, Sanjay Aditya Singh said that this is an opportunity for the youth of the North East and it will be an opportunity for the youth of the North East to get work.
These completed forms should be returned to the office of the party on or before 25th November 2018 before 2.00 pm.
“I talked to the officers because people come out to vote, they say we vote for our relatives, I said if they don't come then I won't vote.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that the people of the country have now accepted to live together as a group, even in the midst of many difficulties they have lived together happily.
Tura, March 09: The Lok Sabha MP election is approaching and the protests of the candidates who want to contest have started. Congress leaders to give him the ticket for the Tura MP constituency.
The KSU has also taken this step to encourage the students to prepare better for other examinations at higher levels of education.
The letter said that he has received a letter from the unions of Rangbah Shnongs of the area from Raid Nongtung, Raid Tyrso from Ri Bhoi District and Raid Thadrang and Raid Tyrso. They want the government to set up a Border Out Post in Umlaper, Umtlieh or Ummat.
Regarding the railway line, he said that 21.5 km of railway line in Assam has already been constructed, while in Meghalaya only 2.2 km has been constructed at Byrnihat. Meghalaya is 108 km long.
33-Rambrai Jyrngam and Spasterlin Nongrem, 34-Mawsynrut and Bijoy Kynter, 35-Ranikor and Bity Jyrwa, 36-Kharkutta and Elstone and Marak, 38-Mendipathar and Sengnab Ch.
Three MLAs have left the Congress party, three have resigned and one has been denied ticket.
This was announced by Gomelson Snaitang, President, KSU Nongkynbah Area Unit.
On the other hand, Samuel B Jyrwa, Chairman of the North East Social Organization (NESO), said that the NESO will not allow the mining of uranium from the state as it will damage and destroy the environment. environment and will also endanger health.
At the same time, he said that according to the previous agreement between the government and JHADC that the District Council should provide the garbage dump, the government should build it and it will be used jointly between the JMB and the JHADC. JHADC.As the JMB from the beginning has already made it clear that the distribution of nuit to Mupyut on the road to Amlarem will be temporary, but the villages have opposed this and for this reason this has happened. the problem.
“Birla said the CPA, Zone III, Northeast is a platform for the delegates to discuss the issues in the region and find solutions to them.
In connection with the organization of the competition, the President Cornelius Kharhunai, Dondor Marwein, General Secretary MBA, Lary Kharpran Joint Secretary BFI and others expressed their satisfaction with the organization of the competition. The Sports Department of the State Government has assisted.
It is felt necessary to stop these illegal activities for the benefit of the people,” said the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
Shillong, June 26: The President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Tuesday said that they have met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to demand that the government grant the registration of land on the border.
Secy, Bah Livis Namsaw, Publicity Secretary, Bah Ban June Makri, Asst Pub.
Shillong, March 26: The Apex Bank (MCAB) Ltd. (MCAB) has issued a notice to the public.
Father Ksan Kupar Khongwar, Spiritual Director of the party and Chief Priest of the Holy Mass, delivered a speech by Deacon David Marbangiang. day in the word of God.
Thus, the remaining amount that has not been implemented is Rs.29,884.00 crore.
He said that although the government has called for talks, the VPP will wait for the outcome of the talks.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri has announced that the Nongjri market will be closed and no vehicles will be allowed to enter the village. All the shops in the village will be closed from tomorrow morning. to ensure that the disease does not enter Nongjri.
Heads of Missions from 17 countries attended the event.
Shillong, Lber 24: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) today found that there are hundreds of people and children who have been born in Warsan Lyngdoh and Phlangdiloin areas but most of them have not had children. The Disability Certificate is issued by the Synod to recognize them as persons with disabilities.
Bah Pynïaid and the Executive Members were welcomed by Avijit Kro, Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), along with the officers of the Council.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has called on the doctors to talk to them and urge them to The doctors have accepted the request of the Minister of State.
He was the one who had faith in me to work in Gujarat and the country as a whole.
Regarding the cleanliness of the market, he said that he saw the pollution when he came today, for the sake of the health of the people, the Hima Mylliem should take care of the market. and likewise the people who use the market should be clean.
Answering questions, he said that what happened to the HNLC cannot be said because he has already left the HNLC and now there is no leader of the HNLC. he can still talk to them.
On the other hand, Paswan said that the rice is in the buffer stock and he assured that no one will be affected during this time of COVID-1
On this occasion, Bah BL.Nongbri donated a sound system to Mawiong Rim Block 4 on 19th March, 2017 through the Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the Secretary. Village, Village Committee members, Rangbah Dong, Village Secretary, Village Committee members and others.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Dorbar Shnong of Myngsngat Village has strongly criticized the JHADC under the leadership of CEM Thombor for misusing its powers and violating the Waheh Shnong Act. District 2015” which was approved by the Governor of Meghalaya on 23rd December
The exhibition is to raise awareness among the public that there are many schemes which the government has implemented from time to time and from one year to another.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the MD of MeECL should be an IAS and if an engineer is known in the field of electricity, it would be better if an engineer is appointed. The Managing Director of MeECL shall be the MD of the four Corporations MePDCL, MEPTCL, MEPGCL, MEECL and the Chairman of these Corporations shall not be. by the officers of the electricity department.
Reverend Thomas was born in Sohra in
Shillong, November 28: Speaking as the chief guest at the donation ceremony of the Rupang Shlem Shlem Group held at Chirsitan Higher Secondary School Mawkhar today, Juliana Umdor, District Program Officer of ICDS, said that The Khasi people are a people who have a spirit of mutual assistance.
Initially, all Kurs should submit a Census of the Kur through the 'bad' and the second 'ii').
The three taxis (ML-05L-1471, ML-06-4171 and ML-05P-0543) were hit by the incident. and I went to Lower Lachimer.
Agatha said that as the NPP party, now that it has gained the status of National Party, it has a heavier responsibility to work for the people of the North East and the country as a whole. .
The literacy rate is 91.33, ranking third in the country.
The ICCC was implemented in PAN City under the Shillong Smart City project which includes the ICCC Building, the ICCC Platform and other software, Data Center (DC) and Radio Frequency Network (RFNW).
New Delhi, June 20: At a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, it was decided to allow all persons who have reached the age of 18 years to receive Covid vaccine from 1st u January.
Referring to the challenges faced by the army, he said that the biggest challenge is the hilly terrain of the area and the area still needs a lot of improvements.
The meeting was conducted by Rangbah D.Nongrum who is a member of the village.
Shillong, November 18: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the false statement by UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong that KHNAM has ended.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Employees of Gardon Robert Hospital Jaiaw today went to the office of the KJP Sep to demand an explanation why the hospital has now dropped to the point where people have refused to go to the hospital. you have been treated at this time.
The UDP leaders strongly condemned the MLA's irresponsible behavior on the development.
“Although Nantu Das is still in Judicial Custody, the Vice-Chancellor should set up an inquiry within NEHU so that the perpetrator cannot return to work and punish him. situation within the university.
On the other hand, the SSSS, SWKHD would like to congratulate all the students who have done well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year, as well as all the teachers who have worked hard physically and mentally. to improve education in the District as a whole.
The Land Port Dawki is a hub of trade and traffic between India and Bangladesh which facilitates the transportation of goods and people, vehicles from one side of the border to the other. kine that country.
When the SP News Agency visited some schools in Shillong, it was seen that all the schools do not have teachers, the students are sitting in the classrooms and also behind them. school.
At the same time, he urged the people not to involve religion in the elections. .
The Seng is deeply saddened if this Bill is passed in India because if this Bill is implemented properly we the small farmers here will become the slaves of foreigners in the country. said Jong.
The demand for dismissal is that they cannot delete the evidence.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, today introduced the Meghalaya Private University Standards Bill,
Ampati, September 2: Checks worth Rs 100,000 were distributed to the Chief Minister's Wedding Assistance Scheme under the Chief Minister's Wedding Assistance Scheme. The distribution was held at Amapti today.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the Cabinet meeting today has received the reports of the three Regional Committees from the state as well as from Assam and This will be handed over to the Union Home Minister when they meet tomorrow in Delhi.
Whether you are weak or weak, hold on to your dignity because strength does not depend on your wealth but on your courage.
“I express my deep sorrow on my part and on the part of the Institute to lose a precious soul in this way.
“Saying that the G-20 is not a program of the Central Government alone, Prime Minister Duh urged the State Governments and all political parties to participate in it.
Despite many shortcomings, this day is the beginning of the path to the revival of the Hima Mylliem, we are filled with joy and congratulations to the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar who have convened this meeting. the Dorbar of the Kingdom of Mylliem.
A clear example of this threat is from Tripura where the indigenous community has become a minority in its own state.
Shillong, June 28: The MIYF of Ri Bhoi District today sent a petition to the Chief Secretary of the State demanding the removal of all the employees of the 13mile Tamulkuchi Weighbridge. in Ri Bhoi District.
The change in the political situation within the NCP came after PA Sangma contested the presidential election of India where the NCP did not support him. Purno said that the NPP will not be formed in Meghalaya.
“Amazon India has improved my community.
As part of the awareness campaign among the drivers, whether they are drivers of commercial vehicles or private vehicles and those who drive two wheelers, especially this month, in India as a whole, Batesi TV has interviewed the Superintendent of Police (Traffic), East Khasi Hills District to discuss the National Road Safety Month. Hills, and Kamakhya Prasad.
She urged everyone not to sting or take medicines in relation to the eyes as this can cause pain and loss of eyes.
During these 40 days, the NCC members have been trained in many areas, in respect, manners, have taken part in sports and have also been taught how to clean guns.
Narayan Saikia Secretary of AAA said that more than 20 lakh people from Assam have lost their jobs and if the government cannot help them just to get the train back to these companies it is better to leave. one way.
On 9.12.2017, KSU Nongthymmai Circle beat KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit by 6 goals to 2 while KSU Sohiong Circle beat Mawlai Circle 3-1
The raid started from Lad Nongkrem and continued to Kseh Bilat.
“As more students have received training in these treatments, including the specialized Panchakarma Technician programme, we expect that Ayush treatment will become more popular, and it will be easier to access the benefits of don't be healthy.
The Chief Minister said that the disease is now present in Assam, so there is nothing to take stingy on this. He requested the Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant because the government alone cannot do anything. It is for this reason that there is a need for the cooperation of all parties to ensure that those who wish to enter the state should not be allowed to enter the villages.
All those shops which have received permission from the Deputy Commissioners shall come only on the day scheduled for them to come to buy goods.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Indo-Tibetan Border Police Force (ITBP) of the North Eastern Region of India together with the Forest Department of the State Government has launched a Upper Shillong is located in the southern part of the country.
In fact, NEHU is a university to provide education to the youth for their better future, but we are sad to see that there are those who take advantage of the opportunity to earn money by doing evil deeds to deceive the students. drug trafficking and turning this university into a place of trafficking.
He also recalled the contribution of Bah Sounder and said that the late leader raised many issues related to the infiltration of mynder and forced the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs). to ensure that non-citizens are not allowed to engage in any work without first obtaining a Trading Licence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday re-appointed Basan Emerson Thangkhiew as Basan of Nongkseh by revoking the appointment previously given to Livingstone Thangkhiew under Order No.DC. XXVII/Gen/67/2012/25 of
The Congress party is now preparing for the elections for 2023. The new appointment of office bearers within the MPYC is to strengthen the work of the party.
More than 1.5 lakh wellness centers conduct necessary tests and get better treatment.
For more information, District Sports Officers, Bah O Mawthoh, said that for Under-15 years Boys, please call For Under 17 years Boys please call 8974606849, while for Under 17 years Girls please call
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Unit today honored and congratulated three youths from Shella who have been selected to take part in the 36th National Games to be held at Gujarat.
In an effort to address this problem in the field of testing, to conduct testing to strengthen assistance to those infected and to achieve the first objective of UNAIDS' to identify about 95% of HIV-positive patients, which can lead to the ability to provide treatment for those infected, and to prevent the spread of the disease HIV by 2030.
He said that on his part, he is pleased with the work of NNEEPO despite the difficulties they have faced and expressed his confidence that NNEEPO will be able to implement the projects in the river. Umaim inside the State.
“The success of the athletes on the field, their good behavior paves the way for the country's success in other fields.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Bah Rastingwell Thabah, Chairman of the “Ka Sur u People of Bri Hynniewtrep” today said that the people of Meghalaya should know what the government has signed regarding the agreement. and Assam today in Delhi, the government should inform the public as it is through the media.
The Government has not looked for ways to raise funds for the fight against COVID-19. The Government has received from the National Health Mission T .43.4 crore, the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) T.23.7 ​​crore, and the Prime Minister's Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund (PM CARES) T.3.5 crore.
He said the Minister will soon convene a meeting with various groups to seek the views and opinions of all groups on this statement and the Ministry's resumption of the MRSS (Amendment). ) Bill, 2020.
The final decision will be taken at the dorbar bah on the 20th and the Deputy Commissioner will be informed of the decision.
Jowai, Nailur 23: The inspection for the construction of shiah on the India-Bangladesh border in parts of West Jaintia Hills has started on the 22nd of this month by the District Administration. on the first day to come.
New Delhi, Nailar 05: The Union Minister in charge of Road Construction, Oscar Fernandes, today held a meeting to review the working methods of road construction in the North East. I'm from India on Tuesday.
The jersey was launched by the Coach in charge of Mawpynthih, Bah Mickson, while the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Mawpynthih together with the office bearers of Mawpynthih SC, Shillong, launched the jerseys. 07: North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum has admitted that the advertisement issued by the State Police Department for recruitment is illegal and is in conflict with the Office. Memorandum issued on June 3,
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Pillar Phawa, General Secretary of the JSM-WJHD Circle, said, “We have brought this organization in the name of JSM-WJHD circle with a happy spirit. but we desire it with the spirit, and for that reason before we receive the confirmation, we receive with the Holy Spirit the church.
Another decision taken by the KHADC at the meeting today was to urge the state government to expedite the construction of entry and exit points under the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act The MDCs who gave their support were Bah Bakalajied Rani, Victor Ranee and Lampharang Blah.
A toilet has also been provided in this house through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Vodafone Idea's experiment has demonstrated the safety of workers in the Delhi Metro tunnel under construction through the design of the Digital Twin of the tunnel.
MS Rao, IAS, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, visited the CSIR-CMERI technology demonstration and inquired about the technologies of CSIR-CMERI especially the methods of preparation of sying and shynrai. solar power plants and waste treatment by municipal authorities.
These vehicles were seized on the night of the 12th of this month.
At the same time, the government should re-implement the premature retirement scheme so that those who wish to take premature retirement can get the lat as has been done for the 150 people. employees before because some employees want to retire prematurely.
Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary of FKJGP War Jaintia Circle, said that the FKJGP War Jaintia Circle has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. Therefore, the party would like to hold a meeting with the authorities of the area before taking any action in this regard.
Shillong, June 04: The State Youth Wing (KHNAM) led by Bah Pyndap Saibon has visited the State Youth Wing under the leadership of Bah Thomas Passah. school children's books.
On the fiscal deficit, as announced in her budget for 2021-22, to reduce the fiscal deficit to 4.5% before, Sitharaman said the fiscal deficit by -25 is estimated to be 5.1% of GDP, respectively.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MH Dkhar, President, AJYWO Central Body, said, “It is a great honor to see that the schools in Wapung area have improved in many areas. section.
The Ministers in charge of the Labor Department of the States/UTs together with the Chief Secretaries, Additional Chief Secretaries, Principal Secretaries (Labour), Labor Commissioners of all the States and UTs have joined together via the internet. at this opening ceremony from their respective states.
For other construction projects, the government will continue to look for ways to raise funds and the government has decided that all the works will not be completed before the start of the National Games.
The MLA's letter to Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh came after the Mission Director of the National Health Mission, Ram Kumar, sent a letter to the Medical Superintendent of Nongstoin Maternity and Child Health, Hospital on The National Health Mission (NHM) has decided to deliver all the equipment purchased by the National Health Mission for the Nongstoin Maternity and Child Health Hospital to Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital, South West Khasi Hills District. Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital which is fully staffed along with a Labor Room/Operation Theatre.
My name is not known.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 16 people have recovered from the disease today, while 80 people are still suffering from the disease in the state. there are 20 of them.
The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNERGA) was held for three days in the presence of many government officials from other parts of India.
He also urged the MLA who is present to do this in South Tura constituency.
As India is leading the efforts of the G20 in 2023 – it is time for us to build on the work accomplished so far, and take forward this vision for the growth of the park is led by the longkmie.
The program was attended by Ayush Secretary Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha; Vice Chancellor of Northeast Hill University (NEHU), Prof PS Shukla; Joint Secretary, Tnat Ayush, BK Singh; Director, NEIAH, Prof Neeta Maheskar.
Shillong, July 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo has launched a competition to beautify the villages for the second time under the scheme implemented by the Ministry of Tourism. The 23 villages who have applied for this scheme have been issued with instructions.
In his speech, Nityanand Rai said that the Assam Rifles was established in 1835 as the Cachar Levy.
The Constitution of the country has opened the way for us to establish a democracy that looks after the society and the economy.
The Director said that Ranjt Kumar Das, 75, who died in Shillong, will be counted in Assam as he tested positive for COVID-19 in Assam.
If we assume that MORT loves only the people of Umdohlun and Mawthabah to provide double lane roads, the question arises why it should love Mawthabah and the second question is Why doesn't MORT build even a road to dozens of villages in the same area which have not yet received roads even though these villages are larger than Mawthabah?
These luxury vehicles which were launched today will provide the opportunity for tourists to ride in these vehicles and this will improve the transportation of tourists from one place to another. place.
Another volunteer, Jaynie Sangma, said that they will continue their work to bring peace in Garo Hills and will not hesitate to achieve their goal.
Therefore, at this time, as Rangbah Shnongs, we should take action to improve the society, but many of them violate the law without thinking about the future of the country and the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The office of the Director General of Police (DSP) on Tuesday conducted a training on the Right to Information Act, year 2012.
“One Country, One Lama, One Constitution has been achieved under the Modi government.
Mr.Victor Dkhar, B.Tech, in Civil Engineering, Wapungskur, Mr.Simon Pius Fidelish Dkhar, B.E, in Electrical & Electronics, Iongkaluh, Adv.Pynshai Kupar M Dkhar, BA.LL.B (Hons), Wapungshnong, Adv Deimonmi Dkhar, BA (Eng.) LL.B, Wapungskur, Adv.Shan Miki Dkhar, BA (Hons), Ms. Riakor Dkhar , MA (Sociology), B.Ed), Wapungshnong, Mr. Shiningstar Dkhar, M.Sc (Chemistry) Iongkaluh.
The harvest season for strawberry has begun and the vibrant strawberry fields in the villages of Syntung and Nohron in East Khasi Hills, Umktieh and Sohliya in Ri Bhoi, Baladinggre, Darechikgre, Durakantragre in West Garo Hills will organize the Strawberry Festival.
The VPP leader's remarks came after the media reported last month that police had arrested Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang while he was leading his followers to turn to the Mawlai Constituency. Secretariat to sit in protest against the State Government's silence on the demand for the reinstatement of the three officers who have been dismissed from the Meghalaya Lok Ayukta.
The awareness was inaugurated by Paiem Phrester Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Dr Eureka L Mawlong, Dy Chairman. , MSPB, Mr. KM Momin, Joint Director, Department of Tourism, Mr. M Ahmed, EE, Kong D Syrem, Information Publicity Officer, Mr. Marc AN Diengdoh, Mr. A Kharbani, Sordar Shnong Nongkhlaw who gave speeches to many Sordars and youths from about 25 villages in the Nongkhlaw Area.
On this occasion, more than 5 kilos of rice was distributed to 43 households from these two villages who have faced difficulties during the curfew.
The Chief Minister's Symbut, Prestone Tynsong, said that besides what the Home Minister has said, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is sad to see such incidents. This is under the MDA government because farmers have to sell their produce on the streets.
On the takeover of pigs from Mawpyntih by Bah Shylla, Bah Shylla said that he had already explained this issue five years ago.
They have to appeal to the High Court or the Supreme Court. The decision will be taken soon. It is understood that they will appeal to the High Court. courthouse on the first day.
Shillong, June 05: U Vincent H Pala MP from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of DONER, G. Kishan Ready urging the Ministry to In his letter, Vicnent said that the IAS examination has been passed by people from five states in the North East. and IPS is very low every year, except for a few from Assam and Manipur.
Our police and military face many challenges.
He said that in the past years, the government through the Housing Department has invited a tender in which it has stipulated that the height of the tins should be 8 to 9 feet and the width should be 800 mm. The thickness should not be less than 0.45mm.
Let's move forward in life, don't lose hope, let's work together as a team.
Nongkrem Voice of the People Party ARDENT MILLER BASAIAWMOIT (WINNER, 24.
Other discussions during the meeting with the presidents of the political parties in the MDA government included the Joint Cadre, the age of appointment and many other issues related to the state.
Vehicles registered in other states must check their Tika certificate before entering Meghalaya and their Negative Test Report and permits. They are not recognized by the government.
Under the new law, which will be fully implemented from June this year, the recruitment quota for them has been increased to 4% from the previous 3%.
The abductees were identified as Gulu, Shah Alam, Azgar Ali and Atwar Ali of Kaimbathapara village under Phulbari police station.
Village government organizations such as Mawlai Town Durbar, Mawlai Sports Club, land, hills, rivers, valleys, shyngyiar and so on.
This means that by November, 80 crore people will still receive some food items each month.
Such discussions will provide information to journalists on the conditions of the people of the area, the economy and society and the political situation in the state and the government's development initiatives. that par.
In this meeting with the heads of banks, the Chief Secretary of the state has directed all to ensure that there will be no disruption in the coming days. On the other hand, banks have also said to ensure that all ATMs in the state are operational.
The Seng also demanded from the government that the Veterinary Hospital needs another VFA, a Master Roll, and the Hospital needs to repair the Quarters, Electricity and Equipment. Doesn't.
In the Grand Finale, the Coaches/Judges will not award marks but will have an External Judge or an external judge to judge the competition.
“If anyone misunderstands the incident and turns it into a racial incident, the government will take action according to the rules of law,” he said.
In this regard, the party would like to clarify that they do not talk about the rngai but they want to bring and reveal the facts as they are so that the people of the state can know the facts.
On the other hand, MLA of Rajabala Assembly Constituency Dr Azad Zaman has raised a question on the letter sent by the MP of 2-Tura to the Prime Minister of India which does not include Selsella. Block in many areas under the Selsella and Rajabala Assembly Constituencies where people cultivate rice known as Bro and Irri rice which have been flooded due to the floods.
Dr Sabu A Joseph, Dy Inspector General/PSO, Meghalaya Frontier together with the BSF held a two minute silence in honor of these heroes who gave their lives for the sake of the country. .
At this time, they arrested another person and tied him with a bomb until he died shortly afterwards.
Shillong, June 29: Members of the BSF Wives' Welfare Association (BWWA) led by Neeru Kumar have visited the elderly residents of Mercy Home in Demthring. Sisters of Charity known as the Sisters of Charity.
Speaking on the bill, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken action on this issue and that is why it wants to introduce this bill in this session. sien sitting in the current dorbar.
Jowai, Naitung 15:The Jaintia Student Movement (JSM-CB) has wished a happy Behdienkhlam to all the Seiñ Raij Jowai for the special religious service of the believers who remain in the traditional religion for the sake of to drive away the plague.
Storyteller Lyndon.
On the other hand, the State Government has been talking about this from time to time when they meet with the Minister of Home Affairs.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has decided to hold a protest on the 7th June, 2024 in Shillong and has strongly criticized the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) for allegedly ethnic differences over the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
On this day, there was also a celebration to welcome the New Year.
The AyushmanBhav Campaign, launched by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, is a nationwide initiative for health which aims to reach all places with health services. towns and cities in the country.
However, Khambha Phawa (Mother) of the child said that when she arrived in Jowai, Ms. Riplin Phawa (Head Mistress) made her do household chores and She shot and bomb every day, but she didn't dare to tell her mother because she was afraid of the teacher.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Two Indian nationals were arrested by BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District.
The service was conducted by Tynmen Basan Bah Boldness L Nongum as the chief guest, Bah RS Syiemlieh Secretary gave the announcement of the programs and the closing prayer was offered by Tynmen Basan DJ Mawblei.
This exemption is exempt from the regular GST payment which is exempted every 2 months from the tax collection.
If the Sixth Schedule doesn't apply, why doesn't it apply?
On the part of the KSU, the current task is the responsibility of the KSU.
Through GST we have been able to achieve the dream of one country one tax.
Pala said that it is not he who wants to be President but the MLAs who want a new President. He will do his job and it will be seen after the 2023 elections, the departure of MLAs to the government is for their own benefit.
Shillong, March 10: Although the government claims to promote export trade between the state and Bangladesh, the government has neglected the roads by not maintaining them. and the road to Tamabil was very wide.
If Purno Sangma, the father of the current Chief Minister, doesn't speak to God, he can move the Standing Committee of the MoEF not to issue environmental clearance to AMD to mine uranium in Balphakram National Park this year. 2010, the KSU demands that Conrad Sangma should do the same for the people of South West Khasi Hills District, said Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The truck was stopped at Sarangma Bridge near Dainadubi.
The essay contest was conducted from 28th November 2021 to 3rd June, 2022 through the MyGov platform.
Shillong, June 17: The Khasi Heritage Village (KHADC) has set a target to develop the Khasi Heritage Village near the Mawphlang Temple. depth in November.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, West Khasi Hills District won the bronze medal after beating Ri Bhoi District.
The High Court has directed the Central and State Governments to arrest those involved in the rape, which has disgraced the dignity of women and children. the whole country.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Chief Engineer of the National Highway, CW Momin, has replied to an RTI request by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mathad Raishan on 14th October. The road from Nongstoin to Domiasiat to Mawthabah is for the purpose of mining uranium.
In the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, there are 826165 lakh voters, 415751 lakh males and 410404 lakh females.
He gave an example that if there are 25 vacancies, one vacancy will go to the disabled. model.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Total 39 candidates have filed their nominations today.
The NABH is the body that oversees the operation and quality of hospitals in India.
The Princess will also visit NEHU and meet with the authorities in charge of the university and after that she will leave for Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Avenues Group has completed 40 years in its work to teach people how to be polite and how to speak and how to be people who know respect and manners.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has taken seriously the influx of foreigners. lad that road.
The Seng, after receiving information that Jaintia Hills has not received its share, is filled with sadness and regret that it has not received its share which it deserves especially when it comes to the Jaintia Hills. you can grow the par.
The Leaders and Office Bearers of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle were sworn in by Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. indeed, those 'Ki Mawbyrsiew' to serve the area and the nation as a whole.
Charles informed the House that the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council has installed the gates and it is difficult for the KHADC to install the gates when the area is still in the midst of dispute.
According to the information received, 21 people on board the MTC bus who bought tickets, 9 of them from Tura, 12 from Williamnagar, police said that if anyone Please call the police Contral Room +9
The QUESTION now is whether society can survive without farmers.
At present, they have been able to enroll only 30% of the people under this scheme. The reason is that in the beginning the staff were not good at enrolling people. hopefully by July 30 they can reach 85%.
At present, neither the State Government nor the Central Government have taken any measures to curb the conflict in Manipur and on the other hand it seems to be increasing. He said that the benefits from the ethnic and political violence played by those in power in Manipur.
The summons also directed that the HYC should not threaten or create trouble in the police station, should cooperate with the Police in connection with the investigation and should not destroy or destroy. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, has arrested 80 illegal households in the Lum Survey. various provisions of the IPC and the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act, alleging that this is an illegal act that has taken the law into its own hands.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, President Manbhalang Syiemlieh said that the union wants the government to set up a State University for the benefit of the youth. the state.
In this letter to the KHADC which they have received through RTI they have already sent to the KHADC and their visit today to the KHADC is also to demand clarification on the grounds that the KHADC should be explained.
The fierce competition between the players has strengthened the spectators and attracted the attention of the neighboring public.
Shillong, March 02: The Sein Jaintia Women's Wing (SJWW) Shillong today called for the cleanliness of the road from Motphran to Garikhana as a special tribute to the 150th birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation. to Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that Blood Donation Camp should be held from time to time so that the existence of this Blood Bank will not be in vain.
He later joined the Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER) Pondicherry in
On the other hand, the KHADC will collect the documents from the people of the area to confirm the ownership.
The HYC's march was to express to the government the demands of the HYC and that the government should implement them.
“We have to ask the Prime Minister, if this is the case, the Road Tax has been collected for 15 years.
Knowing the language makes it easier to understand whether inside or outside the country as well.
The HNLC said that this is the first time to bring peace and stability and hopes that the Ksiang will work together to bring peace in the state. The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJF) has been willing to take part in this peace talks.
Along with these, about 18 airstrips, heliports/helipads, water aerodromes are covered under the UDAN scheme and have started to be developed in the North East at a cost of T.182 crore.
After this period, it will be up to the District Administration to take the necessary action.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
With this amendment, 10 percent of the jobs in the police department have been allocated only for women, which was not available before. and men.
The influx of these foreigners especially in the trade is a threat to the income of the indigenous people especially the sale of old goods (stock goods) below retail price.
The Annual General Meeting of the Judo Federation of India will be held on 4th July 2013 in Manipur to discuss how to improve the sport of Judo in India. .
On the other hand, MEPA has appealed to the Supreme Court to quash the order.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination, Bah Pala said that in the last 10 years as an MP he has done many things, but it is impossible to do them all.
Shillong, July 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that they have discussed in the Cabinet the request of MeECL to take over the responsibility of the corporation. for T.1400/-.
Jowai Jymmang 23: Leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in the past few days have met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma T. Shiwat and the EM Incharge of JHADC, Ma K. Lytan. They expressed their deep concern over the incompleteness of the Trading License and Temporary Clearance Certificate (TCC) as well as the Labor Certificate for foreigners who own shops and work within the border. Sam is the Jaintia Hills.
During the march from Motphran to Madan Iewrynhep, there was a lot of injury to the people as shown in the videos that were released today.
Many civil society organizations spoke at this public meeting and the people were shocked even in the middle of the rain.
The BSF troops, who received a tip from the intelligence agencies, conducted a raid and seized an attempt by smugglers to smuggle Phensedyl and sugar from the border to Bangladesh.
CEM Titoss said that the word ot kilo should not be used anymore but it should be accepted that the rotten marrep has been rejected.
The Chief Minister said that all the MLAs who attended the meeting expressed their concerns and at the same time gave their suggestions to the government and the government has taken action. Their advice on how to prevent the spread of COVID-1
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns these people who have dared to take advantage of the house by destroying the household plants and burning the documents and wei.
This short film is produced by Suzanne Syiem.
The beneficiaries are more than 430 households from the villagers.
Taxi drivers and even the traffic police have not known anything about the white tree, said the people with visual impairments.
Anyone who knows or recognizes the suspect should call 0364-2230402 at Rynjah Police Station and Nongmynsong Police Out Post 0363-2
These youths from Jatah Lakadong village include Narimon Nongrum, Donius Nongrum, Pynskhemborlang Nongrum, Cleophas Mynsong and Kitlang Surong.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister welcomed the delegates from ASEAN countries. On this occasion, Dr Mukul said that the purpose of the meeting is to to discuss issues relating to this area.
We were asked to stay indoors and shelter in safe places, and all residents followed the instructions by the authorities.
To assist in the development of new technologies and knowledge in all areas of implementation in the North East.
Bah Bandary urged the district authorities and the state government not to temporarily ban the passage of overweight vehicles while the newly constructed bridge cannot be completed. The collapse of the bridge will affect the people of Ri Bhoi West and the state as a whole.
On the occasion, Bah Raphael Warjri expressed his gratitude to the Governor, Satya Pal Malik, who, although he could not be present due to illness, but he was kind enough to attend the ceremony. and thou shalt keep it in thy streets, and the feast shall be solemn.
The ban on weddings and other ceremonies will come into force immediately until further notice, said the Chief Minister's Symbut.
She also urged the teachers to check the facebook account of the organization from time to time so that they can get the information.
The party celebrates this every year and we will try to hold it around the area and we expect the people to come and take part in this day.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The SSA State Education Mission Authority (SSA) Meghalaya will distribute textbooks to the students of Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools, which are government schools.
The Chief Minister said that to increase the income of the state, tourism is one of the areas to increase the income of the people and the government will promote tourism in Sohra, Jowai, Shillong. , Umiam and Tura.
Speaking at the meeting of heads of companies belonging to IBM, Google, Disney and others, the Chief Minister explained the works that the Meghalaya government has started to do. socially, environmentally and economically.
If the lease is more than 15 years but not more than 20 years, the tax shall be two per cent, if the lease is more than 20 years but less than 30 years, the tax shall be three per cent. per hundred tyngka, if the lease is 30 years but does not exceed 50 years the tax shall be four tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, today informed that the Magistrates of East Khasi Hills have ordered all those who possess government firearms to surrender. They were taken to the nearest police station.
Those who can cut and sell pork should be only those pigs from the same district, this is allowed by the government, but to transport from one district to another the government has not allowed yet. now.
According to the KSU leaders, these youths are coal traders and this night they were about to unload coal to Gauhati but when they reached the 7mer Weight Bridge, some policemen extorted money from them. The price is RS 1000 per truck.
The party said the central government should know what has happened to the villagers in the state in terms of the discrimination against the people.
He said that in 2007, the R&R Colony Welfare Society had issued a resolution signed by MLA AL Hek and MDC Sanbor Shullai. persons residing in this Colony for the purpose of obtaining a Trading Licence.
Miani said the weapon was a blue Bolero while the vehicle used by the Congress members was not a white Scorpio.
The letter, along with the petition sent to Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chairman, KHADC, was sent to Bah Jambor War, Executive Member, I/C Elaka, KHADC. Shillong, July 23: Union Minister of Home Affairs Amit Shah has appointed Bah Lamphrang Blah as Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs, KHADC. He was on his way to Shillong to open the 69th Annual Session of the North Eastern Council.
Furthermore, this funding is exempt from the restrictions that apply to other activities.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said that there are no new cases of COVID-19 in the state except for those 11 cases so far.
The President of HITO said that this action of the union is in response to the statement of the Chief Minister to bring evidence if there is illegal trade in coal. Please check the High level according to the video you have already recorded.
It is prohibited to hold meetings without permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner and Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, March 06: Police in South West Garo Hills District have recovered the body of an elderly man from Ampati market.
The ceremony was led by the Archbishop of Shillong, Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of all the Bishops of the North East who came to take part in the consecration ceremony. in Nongstoin today.
After the rally, the KSU leaders went to meet the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah WMS Pariat.
The seized items were handed over to the PS-Rongra Police Station for further investigation.
The examination will be conducted by HLL Agency.
They spoke about the support of the State Government through the Mission Lakadong, Mission Jackfruit and PRIME programmes, to improve the quality of products and export them to domestic and foreign markets.
HYC, HANM, HUAM and the MDC of Jaiaw took part in the public meeting to explain to the public about the cleanliness. which results from this cleanliness with other nations.
On the other hand, Cornad urged the people to support the NPP party in the current MDC election and to work better for the improvement of the income of the people. in all directions.
He said that according to the order of the courts, Bah Paul has been authorized to open a shop in this house but has been ordered that the opening of shops should go smoothly according to the rules of KHADC. “Paul Leong is the owner of the shop and has the authority to close his shop, but it should be in accordance with the rules and regulations of the District Council. The shopkeepers are foreigners and they must also provide Trading License and other necessary documents”.
He said that this influx of people to watch is a testimony that the people love this sport and it will help to develop and improve it.
Officials from Meghalaya have also visited those villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the hospital. 1.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The KSU EJHDU led by the President of MePDCL, Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar and members have met with the EE of MePDCL on 24/11/2023 at Moowakh. to explain why the bill lights have increased in the areas of East Jaintia Hills.
Such centers have already been started in 98 villages under Ph-I. The connection to the remaining villages will be done in the next phase of the project.
The Seng requests the government not to turn its attention to education in the rural areas and not to upgrade upper primary schools to secondary schools which have already been upgraded and not to affiliate unaffiliated schools.
Regarding the demand to remove the gate from this place, a committee will be appointed to look into this matter and to recommend to the government to take necessary measures to talk to the court. Country.
According to the scheme introduced by the Chief Minister in 2014, all those girls who are children who are over 18 years of age and above, who should have registered for marriage, can get to this scheme of the Prime Minister.
“West Khasi Hills is a garbage dump for crime because MUA-II had earlier planned to set up a wildlife sanctuary in West Khasi Hills which is dangerous. “From time to time, farmers in Ri-Bhoi have faced problems due to the invasion of elephants. The HNYF-WR has decided to install wild elephants in West Khasi Hills which is a threat to the farmers, said the HNYF-WR. The ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills has been setting up a base for them which will be a threat to the West Khasi Hills where the insurgents from Garo Hills will come to commit various illegal activities in the country.
Dawki CHC doesn't have a doctor in this area. If you don't have a doctor, you don't have a doctor.
Shillong, March 22: The Mawlong Lime Stone Quarry Owners and Suppliers Association (MLSQOA) has issued an order to stop all those who mine Mawshun with machines. on the 10th of November.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The government has failed to release two KSU leaders who have been arrested on charges of involvement in the incident ha Laitumkhrah on National Day. .
Shillong, July 16: The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress (MPMC) today held a rally at Congress Bhavan to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
In another incident, BSF troops seized a large quantity of drugs worth T.14 lakh tyngka from West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
“The Commission has convened another Hearing on the 7th July, 2023, at 10:00 pm at Assam House Shillong. Assam to submit and provide a report, documents and witnesses in connection with this incident.
Answering a question, the BJP leader said that since 2018, the BJP has been growing in the state and the number of people joining the party is still high and now they have been able to nominate all 60 candidates. three constituencies.
After that, the Dorbar was addressed by the Rangbah Kur Warjri and the prizes were awarded to the winners in various competitions. The song was composed by Dapalei Warjri and the band was composed by Noury ​​Warjri.
Shillong, July 14: The meeting of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will be held on the 16th of this month at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall at 11 am.
Tura Municipal Board CEO Zenithsky J Sangma was brought before the House today and apologized to the Tura South MLA, the Privilege Committee and the House.
This will come into force from 1st July 2016 and will cost about T.5,85,69,948 crore.
We have found and witnessed that even law enforcement officers are drinking and using drugs,” said the HYC leader. “We want to speak clearly to the Government especially to the Police Department. “Please don't do anything because as a nation we are afraid,” he said.
He said the government should understand that the fire will continue and said that in 2017, 33 people were arrested for protesting against the railway line. three spirits.
The KSU on this issue will not accept at all if the people especially the youth of Lawsohtun village are harassed from time to time and also strongly opposes if the police department intends to arrest the youth of Lawsohtun village.
HYC leader Bah Rimuliang said that this is not the first time that the Assam police have attacked the area from time to time. together with the village to accompany.
“The fact is that the people of Garo Hills will have to get a permit to “If the ILP is implemented in the state, they will enter the parts of the state where they belong,” said Bah Lanong.
The delegation was led by NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa, Dr. Samujjal Bhattacharya, President of KSU, Lambokstarwell Marngar. ASSU General Secretary Sankar Jyoti Baruah, President KSU Delhi Unit.
Opening the campaign, the Symbut Myntri Rangbah urged all those who should have received the vaccine to take the vaccine to protect themselves from the disease. COVID-19.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Social Welfare Department at Malki on Saturday night at about 9 pm. female.
Answering additional questions, he said that in fact the primary school is part of the District Council but it has been taken over by the state government and this is where the district cannot do anything.
It was also decided that the Hima should have a Hima Dorbar, a Raij Dorbar and a Shnong Dorbar.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that it will be difficult for the youth to get government jobs, but there is a need for the youth to train themselves in the jobs to work with companies or government jobs. you don't have to.
The important thing is that when they have accepted a non-Khasi, they should no longer use their Khasi language because the jait is the identity of the identity. when the nation is in the midst of trouble.
In this protest, the KSU Delhi Unit has slogans against the CAB by carrying placards stating that they are against the CAB. ILP is not available in Meghalaya.
Two women and 15 men from Meghalaya have completed the One Standard Muaythai or OSM course. The training is divided into two parts for one course, the Theoretical module and the Practical module and at the end of the course all the participants will receive recognition from IFMA as Coaches, Managers. and as Muay Thai fighters.
It is to be recalled that the Crime Branch Police have raided Ri-Bhoi on the 24th of this month to raid suspected places of smuggling of umphñiang in different parts of the country. mer and arrested 14 persons suspected of involvement in the incident.
Even after extra time, no one could separate the score between the two teams which led to the tie breaker.
The club would like to express its gratitude to all those who came to take part in this race.
Therefore, those who visited Nongkhlaw CHC on 13th June, 2021 and thereafter are requested to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
Ministry of Culture, Department of Science and Technology, Ministry of Earth Sciences, Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology and other science related institutions like IUCAA, IIA, Vikram University Ujjain, IIT Indore, and others.
He urged the youth to work hard with courage, humility and walk the path in any field so that they can improve in their daily lives.
The Commission has also decided to investigate the incident under Article 338A of the Constitution of India as mandated by it.
The water shortage is not only in Jaiaw Laitlum but has also affected Mawprem and Laitumkhrah areas. The MLAs of these two areas, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Mahendro Rapsang, have been involved in the meeting. They went to meet the Chief Secretary on the water shortage.
On the peace and order situation, Prestone assured that the situation in the state is good and these dignitaries who will arrive in Shillong will be happy and it will be an honor for Meghalaya. .
Pyngrope FC won the title by defeating MCB FC Mawdatbaki and the winner received a cash prize of 8000 tyngka. The second prize went to 6000 tyngka and moment.
The 5th Battalion of the First Gorkha Rifles was formed in July 1942 at Dharamshala and was disbanded in November
He said that the cultivation of rice is very strong in India, but it was in 1965 that India struggled to supply food. The most important struggle in India is to provide healthy food.
Police have conducted checkpoints in many places and stopped vehicles to search to ensure that people should not be allowed to carry money beyond the limit set by the ECI. The election will be held on 27/2/2
The two policemen were identified as S Marak, SI and Neilbon, the driver of the police vehicle.
The Dorbar ki Khlieh Nongsynshar is still waiting for a call and response from the BJP which has been in power in Delhi for less than three years.
Leaders of the HYC Sohiong Zone led by Bah Purning Star Shabong, were summoned to appear before the Sadar Police Station on Tuesday.
The topic of the meeting will be on the illegal settlement of people in the Cantonment area near Bara Bazar Fire and Emergency Service Station. afternoon.
On the 22nd of this month, robbers blocked the NH-62 with a tree and robbed trucks with guns. This incident happened near Rongjeng village in East Garo Hills. at 2.30 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, who is also the returning officer for the mid-term elections to the 26-Langrin MDC constituency, today said that the election went smoothly and the turnout was 81.9%.
Shillong, July 08: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been awarded an award by the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs for the speedy implementation of the National eVidhan Application.
The MPUF on Tuesday accused the NPP-led government of failing to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District. it is only to make money for a few but not for the majority.
NGOs, RWAs and Private Groups who wish to conduct cleanliness drives can apply online through the ULB/District Administration.
When the wild elephants entered the village again, the villagers called out and the elephants fled to the area under Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
“The talks with the Minister were not fair,” said KJDSTA President Bah ED Nongsiang after leaving the Minister's office.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is the duty of the government to protect the people of the state. The HNLC has issued a statement saying that it will not be able to respond to the threat of the HNLC.
Therefore, the Seng requests these government departments to inform the public through newspapers or posters in Khasi language as many of them don't know if other languages ​​are produced. The Khasi language is easier and will make it easier for the people to come and go to these departments and get their share or rights as the state or central government has allocated specifically to them. these are government agencies.
Shillong, November 21: The number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has dropped to three, the Director of Health Services (DHS) today said. 1, Ri Bhoi 1, the total number of cases in the state has risen to
He urged the students to be industrious and to inculcate humility.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said that through the development of staff at NEIAH, they have a special opportunity to receive training, cooperation and development as we strive to bring about validation of traditional healthcare systems through the testimony of scientific knowledge.
As mentioned in Grant No.1, the amount required is to pay to the houses amounting to T.13.42 crore which have been used as quarantine facilities for the employees of the government. Department of Health.
Therefore, the teachers of the school unanimously decided to convey these problems to the MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh so that he should turn around and do something for the village.
Robertjune Kharjahrin , President of the HYC , said that in the HYC , Bah Bull Lyngdoh is not only a leader of the party but also a strong man of the nation Mr. Bull is a priest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Bah D Mawlong, driver of truck ML05-J-1214, has lodged a complaint with the Sohiong Police Station on the night of the 3rd of this month. he was armed with pistols and knives.
This helps to detect the disease within 12 days of infection, compared to the 3generation test which can detect the disease only after 20 days or later. .
The Prime Minister went by boat to see for himself the affected people by the floods and met with the people who have moved their homes to the top of the road to escape the floods.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister said that the investigation is ongoing and nothing can be said on this as the police are continuing the investigation. this happened.
As SSA teachers, they were surprised to see the order of the state government issued on 31st March 2016 which states that the state government has changed the method of payment of salaries by setting these rules. They must have passed XII with 45% marks and must have completed training in DI.EL.ED/ B.ED according to the rules of NCTE. The government has increased the salary of LP Schools from T.9,200 to T.19,044 and UP Schools from T.9,900 to T.20,4
Regarding the news that Hindi has to be taught in schools, the union urged the central government to include the Khasi language in the fifth grade.
Two masked men came carrying their weapons, one with an AK-47 and the other with a 9mm pistol.
President Murmuka is the fourth President and the second female President to board the plane.
Pala said that as the president of the MPCC, he cannot take a decision to punish them but to take a decision to punish them from the party or to expel them from the party. The President of the MPCC said that from the talks with the AICC leaders, it is understood that they will punish the four MLAs. The Congress has opposed the MDA government without consulting the MPCC or the AICC. The BJP should support the MDA government. On the allegations against the MPCC President, Pala said that within the Congress party there is a constitution of the party in which they have to follow the rules of the party. Out of the four MLAs, only two, Mayralborn Syeim and Mohendro Rapsang, Kimfa Marbaniang, Process T Sawkmie and Ampareen Lyngdoh were present. they did not attend this meeting.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) does not have the power to take any decision.
of whom not more than four persons shall be nominated by the Governor.
Meanwhile, the EM has been increased from T.38,570/- to T.103,300/-.
The problem of the influx of Khar Bangladeshis into India is not only a threat to the North East or Assam but to the whole of India.
On the other hand, the traffic police from Rynjah Police station under the leadership of KD Marngar, Inspector, SI TN Marak and Constable BNDkhar explained how to walk on the road to comply with the rules. driving and to use their senses.
In July 2020, an agreement was signed to resolve the issue of Bru-Reang refugees and under this 37,000 refugees in the country have been accommodated in Tripura.
The film is part of the “Swachhata Hi Sewa – 2018 Campaign” to raise awareness among the public on the issue of cleanliness.
She acknowledged that there have been shortcomings in the allocation of funds in the past but said that the shortcomings have now been addressed through the Act East Policy.
The letter came from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Hamren District, Assam.
Such a meeting is held once a year between the two groups of border patrol troops to discuss how to monitor the border and ensure that there is no illegal trade on the border between India and Bangladesh.
Hato doesn't have anything to do.
The Government of India has declared this day as a government holiday to allow the people to take part in this ritual. in which it also showed to the world the nature of the Khasi people.
If you are a tourist you will be allowed to enter the country after a thorough search by Customs personnel of the music, films and documents you bring with you.
The JSU said that now we are facing another problem and this action of the government has angered the people and especially the traders, commercial vehicles, students and day laborers because some of them have to I don't know how to pay for the car because the price of the car is too high.
Welcome speech was delivered by Kong Deepa Lamin Khonglah, followed by Dr. JV Basaiawmoit, Dr. M. Marbaniang, DMHO and welcome speech by Bah Jubanlak Thangkhiew.
The Government Ministers who have been appointed to look after the Districts have worked hard to look after the problems faced by the Districts and Areas.
The people have informed me as the Sordar Shnong.
On the other hand, the Director said that the promotion will have to be thought through and the union said that this is the only school that has been funded by the State Government and it needs to be upgraded. Furthermore, the union is aware that there are subjects which do not have full time teachers and which have to be taken over by fellow teachers of the school.
The KSU also questions the President of the BJP whether he is responsible for the life and death of the Jaitbynriew ? If he has responsibility, he should take it to the Central Government to announce publicly that uranium will no longer be mined in South West Khasi Hills and that uranium mining in Hynniewtrep will be closed.
On the other hand, the CoHSO has seen the opposition of the state government to the CAB, 2016 not only by taking a decision in the Cabinet, but as a government group has gone to express its opposition before the Minister. Rajnath Singh's Central Government.
“The CEM has appreciated the measures taken by the HITO and soon the Executive Committee of the District Council will issue a notice that the NoC can be issued only by the Dorbar Shnong of Rynjah, not by the Dorbar Shnong of Rynjah. Society,” said Bah Donbok in reply to a question from the media.
The reason for the lack of doctors at the PHC is that the doctor who has no experience has left to study further in this field. He came to meet with the Minister today and promised to appoint another one.
According to the estimates submitted by MeECL to the government, the bailight to be collected from government buildings, factories and private individuals is T.350 crore.
Chirag Paswan (LJP) has been appointed to the Ministry of Food Processing Industries.
The President of JSU Shillong Circle, Treiborlang R Suchen, on Tuesday said that it has recently received information that some BSF personnel in Tripura have tested positive for COVID-1 On the 12th, 12th and 14th of May, no BSF personnel from Tripura tested positive.
He urged the intellectuals to give their suggestions to the government on how to improve education in the state.
Police have stepped up their patrols as the Independence Day celebrations are approaching.
The Travelers Nest project at Kyiem has been funded by the Meghalaya Age Limited (MAL) through the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Cooperative Federation Ltd (MAL) at a cost of T.94 lakh.
He also reminded that the journey of the Israelites from Egypt to Canaan took 40 years instead of 40 days just because of sin and also our State has not yet been able to reach the border. Shillong, November 13: On behalf of the HYC, the Seng Kmie ka They said that they do not agree with the SOP issued by the State Government not to allow Carols during Christmas.
The organization will also celebrate the Global Running Day.
Political leadership has played a major role in India’s transformation into a business-friendly country.
The distribution of these aid items was to the students of Mahadev village, Kanai LP School, Patlaban, Bongera, Kanai and others.
The film, directed by Costa Rican filmmaker Valentina Maurel, shows the journey of a 16-year-old girl, Eva, to adulthood. deep and potentially causing problems for other people.
After the discussion, decisions were taken regarding the areas where the government has already allocated and signed the soskular. There are also villages which have not been named in the purpose of this arrangement and the people are left in the dark whether they will fall under Assam or Meghalaya.
The Union of Catholic Women of Shillong Archdiocese held its 5th Annual General Assembly held at St. Joseph's Church Laitkor, Zone
After the completion of the Vaccination Drive in four villages of Pyndengumiong, namely, Dongbir, Donggate, Lumiew and Lummaralong, the curfew has been lifted for these four villages from today. November 1, 2021.
When the SP News Agency arrived at the scene, it was seen that the soil had been thrown from the top of the road into the river and when the rainy season came, the water covered the soil.
The construction of these pipeline projects to supply natural gas sources (both domestic and imported) to the western part of the country is underway to connect the KKMBPL and ETBPNMT projects to the existing grid.
Naik said that at the meeting today, all the political parties who attended the meeting demanded that the use of electronic voting machines should be abolished. , where the Committee will take up their demand with the relevant authorities.
The petition contains five demands sent by the group of students of the region and one of those demands is that the central government should give special recognition to the Northern States. East Under the Constitution of India.
At the same time, the CEO said that besides Meghalaya being the most densely forested area, the Election Commission has decided to hold a Green Election.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Commissioner Secretary IPR, MHK Marak, Director Bah HM Shangpliang. Other speakers included the Managing Director of MGCC, the President of the Shillong Press Club and the General Secretary of MEPA. only on this day.
MUDA and its Building Bye Laws cannot enter the Autonomous Districts where the Autonomous District Councils exist while the Article 244 ( 2) but the authority of this article contained in Article 244 (2) has been strengthened by the words written therein which are inherited from the Town and Country Planning Act. , 1973) cannot or is not allowed to enter the areas of the Autonomous District Councils and how much more so is it not allowed and allowed for the MuDA and its Building Bye Laws to enter.
After discussion with the elders, it was decided that he will contest the MLA election in order to continue the work that his father has done for the country. There is no election in the Mariang Constituency.
The construction of the Speaker's Chamber along the road to the House costs 94,026 tyngka.
Speaking to media after the opening of a working meeting to prepare for the elections in Meghalaya, Dr. Ao said, “Our goal is to win 400 seats this time. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Catholics today expressed their unity as a church in the annual procession at the Bishop's House in Laitumkhrah.
On the other hand, the Director of the National Institute of Technology, Prof DK Saikia said that this is the first time that such a training has been conducted by NIT Sohra.
Explaining this, the Government Electricity Department said that there is no problem.
The new office bearers of the party will be confirmed on 19.05.2018 at U Soso Tham Auditorium and the meeting will start at 11.00 am.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) together with their relatives on Friday handed over the bodies of two youths who were addicted to drugs at the Alive Again Foundation, Rehabilitation Center nearby. in Guwahati, Assam.
In the FIR, Bah M Rapsang requested the police to investigate and arrest those who committed this crime immediately.
Major David sacrificed his life in the fight against ULFA and NSCN(K) in Nagaland in July
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that this scheme is not a new scheme but an existing scheme but how to improve income generation and at the same time protect the environment. of nature.
One of the points mentioned by the Governor in his speech was on the peace talks with the HNLC under the Constitution of India and the state government wants to see that the peace talks will be successful. thanked the Central Government for its support.
At present, everyone is going to study in the urban areas and this has created a lot of congestion. Therefore, the time has come to expand these studies to the rural areas by opening all the schools like Science and Commerce. .
Consumers can identify which B Natural juice is genuine because the packaging of this juice is marked with an orange ribbon pattern on the left side of the packaging and this indicates that this juice is not made only to cover the colour.
The Archbishop empowered Rev. Fr. Sebastian Tirkey with the Confession of the Apostles' Faith, the promise to serve the people of God, the love of the four corners of the altar, and then led to the throne of confession. and the surrender of the key of the parish to the chief justice.
On the 7th of this month, the petition of the Forum requested the NGT to allow the sale of all the coal that has been mined and the NGT has done so, but to ban it completely. dewiong the people did not believe.
On the other hand, the government authorities through the people who were present at the scene have worked hard by using modern equipment such as ROV cameras to look underwater to find the bodies. all were presumed dead.
On the other hand, the Longkmie Seng, which concluded the jubilee, honored the church leaders including Archbishop Dominic Jala, church workers and former office bearers of the Seng Longkmie.
: Members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday visited the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, to investigate the overnight stay of foreigners in Iewduh. a complaint against the persons involved in providing accommodation to foreigners in the shops selling tea in Iewduh.
When the BSF arrested the suspect and found dynamite, the BSF handed over the suspect to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
Blah strongly criticized the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) for issuing a public announcement to hold a protest against the killing of these two men. role in causing racial tension from random acts of misconduct.
KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem said that the ILP was implemented in the state in 1973 but the KSU wants to tell the government to implement the ILP according to this era. which is now.
Whether it is through the Sagarmala Project or the Bharat Mala Project, modern railway stations, bus stations or airports, modern hospitals or good schools, we want to bring forward progress.
Replying to questions by the National President of the party, Conrad K Sangma, he said that they will not have any alliance with the BJP or any other party in the Assembly elections in these states.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has alleged that the Minister in charge of Forests and others may be an agent of someone else, so why does he say that as it has appeared in the media.
On the other hand, the Seng, which doesn't leave empty-handed, has helped with its small amount of condolences to this family where the mother has passed away and left behind four children. children in which the father does not have enough income to raise, care for and feed all four children.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A group of vehicle owners under the umbrella of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association ( Jaintia Hills District ) have expressed their strong opposition to the state government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District. The owners of these trucks have been facing difficulties because these trains carry thousands of tonnes of goods.
In Shillong, almost every polling station has put up posters to encourage the people to come forward to cast their votes.
The commission will meet with the Prime Minister and his Cabinet along with officials of the Meghalaya government.
The FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District has also expressed its concern that even if the markets are allowed to open, there should be strict measures to maintain social distancing.
Due to the applications received by the CBDT which requested for further extension of the last date for submission of these Forms beyond the prescribed last date of 30.09.2023, and in order to avoid the suffering to the taxpayers.
Chetan Maharaj gave his speech.
When the people were excited to come, the government officials prepared the venue for the meeting with food and drink and they were able to go to their fields, but all these preparations failed when These government officials have sent back the residents to Mawkaphan on the grounds that they cannot walk especially when they arrive late.
During the tracing of contacts, 112 close contacts and 121 low risk contacts were found.
The syrnot differs from the dulir which is written in detail in each of these parts to be written according to the requirements of the job.
Isn't this just a waste of public money?
Raising the issue, the Umroi MLA said whether there has been an investigation into this allegation, at the same time he said that it is a big problem for the youth. The state does not have the right to work in the factories in the state.
Only after the claims and objections have been resolved, the final NRC will be issued.
A group of civil society organizations under the banner of JAC Against Umngot Hydro Power Project has expressed its opposition to the state government's plan to dam the Umngot River for the Umngot Hydor Power Project. appears since June this year.
Tura, Naitung 29: The floods in West Garo Hills have evacuated about 1.20 lakh people and set up 30 temporary shelters and villages. There are 91 cases so far.
He said that according to him, these prices will be part of the expenditure of T.8 lakh set for each candidate by the Election Commission.
Shillong, July 13: The PA Sangma Stadium in Tura today has been completed to host the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 which will be inaugurated by the President of India Droupadi Murmu.
The Central Election Committee (CEC) will soon release the second list of candidates.
The chief guest was Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh MLA and Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai was also present.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the current Legislative Assembly will end on 6th October
Shillong, June 26: The Inter School Athletic Meet 2024, Shillong, today concluded the Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 held under the auspices of the SAI. NEHU Shillong, where 47 schools from all over the East Khasi Hills District participated.
The AJYWO Central Body today under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, Secretary General, Bah J. Reachingson Siangshai, Vice-President of AJYWO Sengkmie and Bah HK Ryngkhlem. The Vice-President of AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone, today held a commemoration and honor on the 155th birth anniversary of the great warrior of Jaintia Hills, Kiang Nangbah. The AJYWO was arrested on December 30, 1862 for his struggle for the rights and independence of Jaintia Hills from the British Government. The AJYWO Central Body, which was established by the AJYWO Central Body last year, laid a wreath at the memorial to the hero of the country, which is located in Khliehriat.
The presence of police in Nartiang is to ensure peace and order in the area and that there will be no clashes between the two groups over the introduction of a new Pandit at the Temple. dancing.
Kiren Rijiju said the Khelo India Youth Games have encouraged the youth of this country to start sports.
Regarding the government health centers such as CHCs and PHCs, many of them have turned into cow farms and crime scenes.
The Sordar of Mawtap Pyllun Village has expressed his surprise that the office does not have any documents. This is unbelievable from the village that the PWD does not have any documents. The Sordar of Mawtap Pyllun, Bah War Sordar of Mawtap Pyllun, has urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to He will come to visit this place for himself to understand how much the residents of the village need a footpath to improve the traffic of the residents.
The desire to stay in office, said Bah Shylla.
At this meeting, they will discuss how to ensure that the price of beverages consumed by the people should not increase too much.
At this meeting, they demanded that those involved should be punished and to ensure the rights of the child, at the same time they demanded to strengthen the protection of women and children and on this day They also submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills Hema Nayak after the meeting.
Tura, Naitung 02: The MLA of Dalu constituency, Kenethson Sangma, has appealed to the rebels to release the Jewish trader Tapan Saha who was abducted on Sunday.
Therefore, the union has directed that the error in the fee structure is the responsibility of the Institute to compensate from the Institute's own account but not to take the money from the students.
On 23/11/1964, by amending paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule, the word “Khasi Hills District” was introduced by replacing the word “United”.
Without the permission of the village, DS Rai had the authority to inspect the site by showing the NOC received from Mawphu village.
Shillong, Lber 08: The FKJGP Central Executive Committee (CEC) today held a meeting to discuss the issue.
The last bill sent by the KHADC to the UCIL was for the construction of the road which amounted to T.3.5 crore. The bill was sent in October but the UCIL has not yet received it. release the money.
Tomorrow, if they (Assam) get Mukroh, they will continue to fight and tomorrow the whole state will fall back to Assam.
These projects are in the fields of health, roads, railways, petroleum & natural gas, tourism and others.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has urged the Drivers Associations of Riwar Mihngi and Export Associations to think carefully before exporting goods to Bangladesh after the government It is expected to open on the 9th of this month.
The party leaders also hung banners in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah as a sign of conveying this demand to the NPP-led MDA-2 Government. The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that for 10 years now, the KHNAM has sent a letter to the Government to request that it should abolish the Personal Interview. The Government has not listened to the demand of the union for the recruitment of posts in Group-B, Group-C and Group-D in various departments of the state government.
The meeting was conducted by Mrs. G. Kurbah, Block Program Manager. Welcome speech was delivered by Mrs. N. Shangpliang, BPHN. Hills and also from Dr. I. Syiem, Block Medical Officer, Mawkynrew.
These bombs were placed in a remote area and will explode in the morning.
The office bearers of the committee are Dering Lyngdoh, two vice-presidents, Hilarious Borwan, Shomborwel Stembon, general secretary Sylvester Dakhar and 18 other office bearers.
The protest was held under the banner of the All India Government Nurses Federation (AIGNF).
After inspecting the market especially the Mawlong Market which is very dirty, and also visiting the market, he found for himself how this market is and how clean it is. It is true that the water pipes have burst and this leakage of water from the pipes has polluted the market.
Our Democracy has become stronger over time and over the past 75 years.
Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC from Umsning Constituency of the PDF who has joined the NPP party was also honored on the occasion. 2023 in Nongpoh Constituency.
Furthermore, on the statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma that the Sengbhalang has no right to search foreign workers, the FKJGP has questioned whether the Anti-Infiltration Check Gates will be just gates. The Labor Inspectors appointed in each Block have been wasting the Government's money by taking salaries without working at all, he said.
“When asked, he said, “The party leaders have not yet asked for the names of the candidates although there have been some who have applied for tickets but we have not been able to send them to Delhi because leaders still haven’t asked for it.
Many of the problems have been resolved and it is certain that there will be no such light outage, it will not happen like what happened with NTPC in the past because NTPC has cut off without informing.
A group of journalists, in the presence of Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO and Poonam Yadav, who was the Nongsaidaiñ, witnessed with their own eyes these incidents. and the destruction of these four families who are now living in misery and despair.
Shillong, March 01: The swearing-in ceremony of HSPDP MLA Mawkyrwat and Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati will be held today at 4.30 pm.
Chief Guest Dr D.Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner, Sports &Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, at Smt.
The Joint Action Committee of Wapung C&RD Block, which includes the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong, has expressed its surprise and sought clarification from the Government on the relocation of the temporary office of the Wapung C&RD Block. from Wapungskur to Khliehriat without proper reasons and without consulting the Wapung C&RD Block Joint Action Committee, the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong and the Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong, who have been involved from the beginning and until the introduction of the Wapung C&RD Block. The block is located in the Wapung area.
This clearly shows that there is a collaboration or understanding among people who know this well.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Zenith said the Chief Minister has not responded to the demand of the Congress party on the allegations regarding the management of MeECL in the state. which brought about losses.
On this occasion, the DC said that whatever the school requests for assistance will be done hard to achieve because what the school has been able to do is unthinkable. This school, which started only in 2015, has grown beyond expectations.
As the civil society organizations will continue to look into this issue, I am confident that the government will create the necessary measures and at the same time they have spoken to the government to say that it is now preparing for the border talks. Secondly, they said that before taking a final decision or signing the soskular, the government should take the decision of the people.
These 20 girls are between the ages of 8 to 13 years old. They are from West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. The secretary was Mr. P Kynjing from Jowai and they were sent to Sri Nevidita Seva Trust, Hosur, Tamil Nadu.
“Whether it is different nations, or different regions, we have removed all kinds of discrimination.
About 10,297,809 people have been tested for hypertension and diabetes.
Kine that the police came with that bike.
In this singles competition, he won the Gold Medal in the category of senior brothers, in the category of Black Belt.
The Chief Secretary said that the government has already taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the election will be held smoothly and appealed to the people to come out. to cast their vote because it is their right.
This decision was taken by the JYF at the CEC held on 26-04-2014 at the office of the JYF, where all the leaders and office bearers of the JYF expressed their deep anger at the corruption and corruption. Samla Galacstone Khongshling Vice President of JYF said that Mr. Esterwis Ryngkhlem, Ex-Organizing Secretary of JYF, has been arrested for allegedly stealing the blood of a sheep. The Sengbhalang leaders who stand against corruption have affected the development of the District and the State as a whole, especially the Kup Shilliang. that's shilliang.
Shillong, November 03: The Working President of the MPCC, Bah James Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party will contest from all 29 MDC constituencies in the JHADC. The Congress will announce all the MDC candidates for the KHADC and JHADC sessions on the 27th of June.
Shillong, March 13: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) in collaboration with the Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards together with the Fire Brigade and the Indian Red Cross conducted the training at two places at Shillong Law College and MTC Building on Jail Road.
This will be the biggest concert in India in years.
On the part of the Manager, she said that this introduction is through the order of the Central Government.
Speaking to reporters, Dr.C Lyngdoh said that the party will fight against tax evasion to improve income. The state, the jobs of the youth by opening up opportunities for them.
Speaking on the occasion, Sutanuka said that as of now, many of the schools which have received assistance to build toilets in their schools through SACH and WASH, have already completed the work and have been assisted. which is of great benefit to the students as well as to the school as a whole.
The National Testing Agency (NTA) has decided to distribute question papers through the National Testing Agency (NTA) on Friday when students went to write the examination at Alpha English Higher Secondary School, one of the Code Centres. not selected by the National Testing Agency (NTA).
As a witness to this day, there were many elders from all over the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Indian Metrological Department of the Union Government has warned that heavy rainfall will continue from tomorrow morning 31st June 2024 to 3rd July you are tied to the pyrthad.
Shillong, November 09: Because of the absence of these rights in the Constitution of India, it has caused many problems to us today, when we turn to the Village, Raid and Hima, the Citizenship Act. , the Land Registration and Sale Act, the Act on the Ownership of Mineral Resources, Forests, Waters and Rivers, the emergence of illegal possession of the definition of the “Municipality of Shillong” under the Sixth Scheduled.
Shillong College Central Library in collaboration with the Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC), Shillong College has concluded the five day Library Orientation Program on the theme, “Beyond Books: Unveiling the Digital Realm”. on the 4th and will end on the 8th of this month.
Shillong, March 24: The four-day Durga Puja celebration of Hindus in Meghalaya ended today with the erection of statues at designated places and in Shillong it was held at Wahumkhrah.
Sangma, 30 and Wisbon M. Sangma,
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Bah Donbok Khymdeit said that from today onwards they have nothing to do with the UDP and this decision to leave the UDP does not have any opposition to the UDP. the party and it is the will of the leaders and members.
on their part they are not likely to continue the demand for increased wages.
The Jalkun scheme will be a scheme to assist the farmers of this area.
On the 16th, the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, will conclude the meeting.
Out of the 365 Manipur refugees who fled to Meghalaya due to the conflict in Manipur which began in June, only 77 are still staying in the state especially in Shillong. said the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah.
He added that compared to other countries, India's population is the same as the combined population of two or three other countries.
Shillong, Naitung 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, after a meeting with four MLAs, MDCs, Rangbah Shnongs and civil society organizations at the Secretariat, announced the opening of two Block, Mawlai Community and Rural Development Block and another will be named according to the location of the Block.
During the meeting, Bah Phrowel Dyia, former Sordar of Mawdem, who is one of the oldest elders in the village, said that since the meeting with Bah John F Kharshiing, The elders told him to remember to hold fast to the relationship between the Kur Dyia and the Kur Kharkongor and Kharshiing, and that the elders told him that it is not permissible to marry between these Kurs.
There have been cases reported in countries such as Japan, the United States, South Korea, France, Greece and Italy.
“The elders of the village tried their best to protect them from anything bad happening to them and we also informed the law enforcement (Police).
The Seng through this statement strongly condemns the Mawsynram Village Authority who claim to stand for the people in relation to the actions of the FKJGP. Why do they sleep lyngngai when these things happen in the village and the whole area, not only that, they don't see or hear anything that the village of Mawsynram will fight.
This scheme was launched on
The absence of a full time DMHO in the District has affected the working methods as the Additional DMHO who is in charge of the district does not have the authority to take decisions. you don't have to worry about it.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the people want real actions and not slogans and he is confident that the MPs will fulfill these aspirations of the people.
During the meeting, it was also discussed how to empower the retired soldiers.
On the other hand, the REC has no problem in assisting if the government comes to ask for assistance if it has been able to complete the schemes that have already been implemented.
The Political Department through a notification letter No-Pol.161/2012/125 dated 06/12/2012 has shown that the Government has prepared this letter according to the request of the committee. The meeting was attended by Deputy Chief Minister Bindo M Lanong.
In the presence of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa, Im Freeman Syiem and many other leaders of the area who came to meet the Chief Minister. day.
While the NPP party has received the knowledge and respect of their members which has made him happy in the NPP party, Embhah said they will ensure that MDC Teiborlang Pathaw will win as the NPP candidate. Prestone Tynsong, State President of the party DrWR Kharlukhi, Don War, Bajop Pyngrope, The meeting was conducted by Bah Theobirlang Pathaw and was held at Phudmawri Dorbar Hall.
Shillong, November 22: The Shillong Press Club has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Ronaldstone Syiem, a journalist from Nongstoin who wrote for the Shillong Time and Kynjatshai newspapers. All India Radio for the past 15 years.
He wears a black snowsuit.
To prevent the spread of niut, the central government has already distributed 20,000 machines to farmers in Punjab and Haryana at a cost of Rs 1150 crore, he said. middle.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, recalled the times when the Khasi National Durbar was established and their journey to the present day.
If you listen and understand this will be a good thing by bringing happiness to the people and also peace of mind to many who are in need and to reduce the traffic jam on the road which has been brought every day through different parts of the country. Shillong and also today in Lower Lachumiere.
You too should give your time to help in this cleanliness campaign.
He was the head of Meghalaya from 1995 to
The following is an article released by the Governor's Office today in English which was published by the SP News Agency in the English Section of this online news.
New Delhi, June 26: The Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved the National Medical Devices Policy,
Archbishop Victor, while congratulating Fr.Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri, who prayed for the new Judge, asked the world to confess the faith of the Apostles.
Bah Suchiang defeated his opponent from Assam to win the gold medal in the men's category.
Applications for the District Innovation Fund (DIF) scheme can be obtained from the same Karma No 311 of the District Planning Office of East Khasi Hills. .
Shillong, July 22: IIM Shillong has appointed Prof Amitabha De as its new Director, who took over from Prof Kaya Sengupta this month.
U Bah Michel urged those who have the opportunity to donate to the hospital in a small amount of money and it is from the small donation that it has improved.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) in a statement said that it is deeply concerned for the country and the people. to think carefully before casting their vote.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 85 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 46 in West Garo Hills and 14 in South West Garo Hills. There are 734 cases in the state, two in Ri Bhoi Hills, two in South Garo Hills and one in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 10: The implementation of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has benefited thousands of residents of Meghalaya in terms of health care. whether in government or private hospitals.
On the other hand, Bah James said that 100 percent of the company will not be able to bring about the cleanliness of these two rivers. The council should revoke the license of this company so that it cannot continue this business”.
In the letter, the Secretary requested the Minister of Road Construction, PWD, Meghalaya Government to take immediate action to avoid the problems as requested by the MLA of Assam from the Meghalaya Government. .
On the other hand, the JSU wishes and encourages the producer of this film to continue to grow in this field which is also part of one of the employment opportunities in our country.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongsiang Chairman of YHAI who is also the Rangbah Dong of Umpling Village said that YHAI along with other programs in the state such as trekking and others have conducted this program to clean up the area. village road to avoid garbage and many diseases.
Prof. Kma said the JAC will write to the President of India Droupadi Murmu and the Governor Phagu Chauhan to lodge a complaint against the violation of the rules of procedure of NEHU. supervision of the Federal Government.
In the women's category, Yumlembam Echangtombi of Manipur won the gold medal, followed by Yani Eru of Arunachal Pradesh and Espiranza S Songthiang of Meghalaya won the bronze medal. and Nistha Dutta of Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 56 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A total of 124 candidates have registered their names today, including those who have already registered their names today and those who have already registered their names. sun.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong.
He said that the Land Recording Officer is the one who is authorized to issue the No Objection Certificate for the Mortgage and Land Valuation Certificate and the Non-Encumbrance Certificate.
India wants peace.
On the other hand, the DC said that the law will take action. This attack on the DRDA employees and the employees at the DC office is a border issue, said the DC of Tura.
This dance is to preserve the uniqueness of the world.
The group also aims to ensure cleanliness and health in the area, to raise awareness among the public on the importance of preserving the environment and its surroundings and many other objectives of the Seng Trei Mon. please.
He said that the number of foreigners who have entered Meghalaya has increased to 15 lakh.
On the other hand, the Congress leader who is also a Minister in the State Government said that the Central Government especially the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies has forced the State Government. to establish all ration distribution centers to pay the ration without the use of money.
He also has a record of being the first in all his school subjects until he graduated with the first grade in MA History Honors from Guwahati University and in the same year he graduated in the same year with MA English from Guwahati University. the first category.
The Seng has also decided to monitor this issue more closely especially after the meeting scheduled to be held on 3/7/2019 between the DC and all the Government departments in West Jaintia Hills.
Likewise, all Dkhar brothers and sisters are informed that the Lucky Draw will continue as usual, and those brothers and sisters who have not yet completed the draw are requested. Lucky Draw Tickets Please send them as soon as possible, so that they can be drawn on the new date of the fete of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District.
Volt 2014" and also has the stamp of UCIL and the Atomic Minerals Directorate with its North Eastern Region Headquarters in Shillong.
Out of the 41 people who attended the ceremony, 2 have tested positive for COVID-19 and 62 people who have been in close contact with these two have tested positive. person and now waiting for the result.
According to police, the seizure of these explosives was based on the confession of two persons arrested by the West Garo Hills Police for hiding bomb making materials in Ri. Flood District.
“We want to ensure that traffic will not be affected and rain shelters and other facilities should be provided at Polling Stations (for the safety of voters on polling day), " he added.
Ms L. Malgiang, Head of World Vision, said that the group has tried to provide relief to the Mawkynrew Block and their main goal is to help the Mawkynrew Block. they are mothers and children.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday took oath along with 72 Ministers in the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) coalition government. 5 of them are Ministers of Independent Charge and 36 are Ministers of Children.
All the NPP MDCs signed the letter to the CEM of KHADC. They are Gigur Myrthong, Chairman of the Parliamentary Party of the NPP who is also Deputy CEM in KHADC, Victor Ranee EM and Rangkynsai. Kharbuki EM. Macdalyn Sawkmie, Deputy Chairman, Banjop Pyngrope MDC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC and Secretary of the Parliamentary Party, Grace Mary Kharpuri EM, Teibpor Pathaw EM, Lamphrang KHADC Chairman. Shillong, June 30: To fight against the Soskular signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam regarding the boundary of various groups, including the Hima, the villages have formed The Joint Action Committee Border of Meghalaya (JACBOM) at a meeting held at Shillong Club today.
The cost of these assistance is Rs 14.06 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah has imposed a night curfew in all parts of Ri Bhoi District from today until the 18th of this month from 7.00 pm to 10 pm. by 6.00 am.
Shillong, Lber 16: Leaders of the BJP Youth Wing Meghalaya led by Samla Egenstar Kurkalang met with the Minister of Home Affairs Jame Sangma on 15th October 2018 at the Secretariat to discuss the issue. He encouraged the new Minister with the hope that under his leadership, the Ministry of Home Affairs will be able to provide the best services to Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 09: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) on Tuesday convened an emergency meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) on the issue of the life and death of the Hynniewtrep people. Treadmill.
In his speech, the Director of Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang said that this training is very useful and he hopes that the meeting will bring many benefits to women.
The foundation stone of the airport was laid by the Prime Minister in June
He also praised the achievements of fellow athletes in various competitions abroad.
He said that thanks to the Soskular signed today between the Government of India, the Government of Assam and the ULFA, the Modi Government has succeeded in removing all the insurgent groups in Assam.
However, I cannot say that the elections are near or that the wind has come from other parts of India or that the elections are near. “This is a sad thing that has never happened in our state but now we see that these demands have started to come.
In their complaint to the DC, they said that the PHE Department officials have ignored them when they lodged a complaint with them saying that they will wait for 6 months after the completion of the Umngot Water Supply Scheme. If you distribute this water you will get enough water because at present we don't have a scheme to maintain your water.
After this, in a special document for those coming to the site, the President described her impressions where she wrote, “It was a very pleasant experience for me to board the plane The Sukhoi-30 MKI fighter aircraft of the Indian Air Force.
Regarding the sale and purchase of goods from this state, the government cannot say anything because these hotels also have their own rules and regulations. insert.
The Government has appointed Iamonlang Syiem as the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women. , Shillong, has been appointed as the former Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights.
In a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, the party led by its President Bah Charlie J Rani told the Dy.CEM The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government has already approved the Bill and sent it back to the District Council for approval. .
From 1998 to 2019, the Indian National Congress won, from 1988 to 2004, PR Kyndiah and from 2009 to 2019, Vincent H Pala. Two of them have been appointed as Ministers in the Central Government.
On the initiative of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid, to restore their pension, the group of MDCs expressed their special congratulations.
He said he was filled with anxiety about drugs and urged young people to be vigilant about social dangers.
It is up to the CEM. Whether we are in the EC or not, we will look after the District Council and especially the value and importance of the Khyrnit Bahynriew.
The goal at the forefront of this action step is to make children whole by providing the necessary supports throughout their childhood: from conception to the age of five of age.
The AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, through this statement, urges the law enforcement agencies to work hard to track down and arrest the robbers who took the life of (L) Ebamon Siangshai and also to They should be punished severely so that it will be a warning to such thieves, that they should not do such things again, otherwise, the girls school children in East Jaintia Hills will be punished. there is a great deal of anxiety in traveling and especially in going to school.
I urge the district authorities to take more benefits from the MNRE schemes,” he said in his speech in Nongstoin.
“The Government of Shipor is pleased that the MRSSA has been submitted to the Government of India and we are still waiting for a reply from the Government of India.
If anything happens to the candidates passed DSC 2010 who have been suspended, the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District should take responsibility as he has encouraged them to be suspended.
The college was founded by a group of intellectuals from Mairang area under the leadership of Bah Boldness L Nongum as Principal.
When they are the same ruling parties, the ILP Bill 2018 has been passed by the Assembly and District Councils in the state. Hills?.
According to the report, the cows were suffering from Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD). The report was sent to the National Institute of High Security Animal Disease (NIHSAD) Bhopal for further investigation. 12/5/2023 and the report will be received on 28/5/2
She said that the development of children's education requires the cooperation of parents, teachers and students. everything.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Insurance Committee of the Legislative Assembly under the chairmanship of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, together with members Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA and Matthew B Kurbah, MLA, today visited the Assurance Committee of the Legislative Assembly. Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) in Sohra to investigate to find out the truth.
In the past 95 years, the Government of India has sent money to the accounts of beneficiaries through DBT (Direct Benefit Transfer).
Police have rushed to the scene to assist the injured and at the same time to conduct an investigation to find out who was at fault in the collision.
Shillong, July 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that due to the outbreak of the novel Corona Virus (nCoV) in China, If you have come from China within six months, or from those countries affected by the disease, please go to the hospital.
The Minister thanked the Government of Assam for its support and said that this new scheme will pave the way for self-sufficiency in oil and will lead India to Aatmarnirbharta.
Rule 22 (3) stipulates that if a new CEM cannot be elected within 48 hours, the Governor shall appoint any MDC to be the CEM. CEM and four MDCs to become Executive Members.
The Central Government and the State Government should immediately arrest those involved in such activities.
They will wait for the report as directed by the Food Inspector before the union takes any action to prevent such sales of unsuitable products to the public.
The Minister of Defense and Cooperation said that the Modi Government has allocated Rs 4800 crore for the years 2022-23 to 2025-26 for the North East and there is an increase of about per cent in the budget.
He said the closure of the Rapido is to ensure the safety of passengers traveling on two wheelers.
Acknowledging the economic challenges facing the country, Prime Minister Duh said India has been able to prevent these challenges.
They have not received this money since
Speaking to SP News Agency, the officer in charge of Dawki Police Station said that according to the statement of the two injured, Bah Tyngshai Khonglah, 30, and Bah Ramius Khonglah, He said that those who committed this crime were Khar Bangladeshis.
The curfew will start from 5 pm to 4 pm.
Marak District Mission Coordinator (DMC) SSA-SEMAM Mawkyrwat on November 16, 2016 issued an order to fully implement the payment of salaries to the banks of the SSA-SEMAM Mawkyrwat. SSA teachers within the border of South West Khasi Hills District.
Replying to his brother who is an MDC who is ready to contest from the People Democratic Front led by Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Witting said that this is a political issue. You can't stop anyone, even if they are brothers, but they are not brothers.
Speaking on the creation of job opportunities for the youth is an important part of building the country which will pave the way for India to become a developed country, the Prime Minister said that it is the youth who are still in the workforce who will take forward the schemes of the government and implement them from the villages.
He said that in the course of research, scholars from Bhutan are conducting studies on the traditions, culture and language of the people in all three ADCs and also to teach about the land acquisition in Meghalaya.
Kharsati said the BJP's view is that the term of office of any officer who should have retired should not be extended. In the fourth quarter, if another officer retires, those behind him will be promoted because they too can do the job.
The arrested two members were identified as Cleenstar Shabong, 27, resident of Nongthymmai Pohktieh, Lane-5, Shillong. .
He said that in the 2000s, he was hit by a petrol bomb in his car and then on another occasion, another car was hit by a bomb. Deepak Singh Joint Editor Meghalaya Times, said that if newspapers write against any party, it bans the sale of newspapers in any party. They are strong and there are times when they threaten to burn the newspapers.
As the union, we expect the Government to complete the requirements for the construction of these Sub Centers as soon as possible so that it will benefit the people of these two villages and neighboring villages,” said he announced.
The Indian Army is in charge of the work this year.
At the same time, the president of HUAM congratulated the EE for sending the SDO today to see that the repair of the bridge should be done as soon as possible, said Bah Gilbert. G Kharraswai in a statement sent today.
This place of worship has been destroyed in the past years due to lack of permission from the government authorities.
Shillong, Lber 20: Criminals have tried to destroy Meghalaya by harassing drug traffickers and this is a very bad thing and the state police have worked hard to track down the drug traffickers.
The second meeting was conducted by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Arunachal Pradesh, Pasang D Sona. Meghalaya, Thomas A Sangma, Speaker Timothy D. Shira, in the presence of Members of the Legislative Assemblies of these North Eastern States.
At the same time, he said that if it is only an insult to the MLA, all those who have been accused should be punished.
The implementation of the FOCUS scheme is to assist farmers to obtain funds.
The leaders of HANM explained the position of HANM which includes to protect the border and other issues for the benefit of the people.
Police have completed all the necessary investigations and the investigation is ongoing.
Bajop Pyngrope said that in Meghalaya, this river is known as Wah Khri. He said, “There has been an attempt to raise funds from the people to support this project. I don't know why the people of the area are against it.
During the meeting, it was urged that the Housing Act of the State Government should be implemented for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, the state government has requested from the central government for three or four companies and it is up to the central government to send if any.
The question now is who has chosen this company to supply these tins.
There are 384 recoveries from West Khasi Hills, 87 from West Garo Hills and 82 from West Garo Hills. to 64541 people.
On the statement by Union Minister Nitin Gadkari during his visit to Shillong in recent days that the Union Government has allocated funds for road construction schemes, Dr Mukul said the government has not allocated funds for road construction schemes. There is no new scheme for those schemes, he asked.
All these Governors who have been appointed today will take office from the date they assume office as Governors of the States.
On this issue, the SC may take three or four years to give a final decision on Act 370 because not only has Article 370 been repealed but the state has been divided into two parts by creating a new one. two Union Territories and the upgradation of Jammu and Kashmir to a Union Territory, he said.
He said that the opening of the airport is a good answer to those who have alleged that the foundation stone laying ceremony is an election ploy.
He also appreciated their contribution to soil and water related activities, further improvement of plant diversity, increased diversity in the farms, and linkages with livestock activities.
Today, the death anniversary of the great poet Soso Tham, the new house dance of Sohkynduh was performed at the Cherrepunjee Festival.
Thus, it is a word made up of two words that do not mean anything.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rashir said that in this meeting with the Chief Minister, he said that it will be seen when the sky is bright, in April or November, this work will still be done. to make further arrangements to set an opening date.
Thomas Jones and Anne Jones, married, arrived in Khasi Hills on 22 July 1841 at Sohra and the Sohra people called her Mem Jones and she was also the first Christian to die and be buried in Khasi Hills. in the year
Tura, Jymmang 07: A sudden storm has struck South West Garo Hills District on Saturday morning, damaging many houses and lights. in the air.
According to the 2011 census, the population of Meghalaya is 29,66,889 lakh, of which 14,75,057 lakh are women and 14,91,832 lakh are men. of the population at that time was 27.98%.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh, has sent three ministers, Bah BL Nongbri, Bah L Basaiawmoit and Bah BL Nongum. to inspect the border of the Hima on the border with the state in Assam, as there has been an influx of people from the state by farming within the border of the Hima Nongkhlaw.
On the other hand, the Government would like to honor the land owners who have given land to the Government for development purposes, whether they are private individuals, Kur, Jaid, Syiem, Doloi or Nokma, the Shillong, Nailar 04: The Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today swore in the appointment of Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Bah They were appointed as Cabinet Ministers at Raj Bhavan Shillong today.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has sent a letter to the Governor to convene the session of the Legislative Assembly. government.
The JYF has recalled what the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, before retiring from office, said that the District Councils in the state are the strongest in their responsibilities. “The District Councils need to be more powerful and efficient and should ensure the implementation of all the rules and regulations contained in the the 6th Schedule so that foreigners cannot take away the land of the people”.
One Nation-One Tax GST, One Nation-One Grid, One Nation-One Mobility Card, One Nation-One Ration Card – all these reflect our strong and clear policies.
After many years, the MLA of 17-North Shillong has rejected the Private Member Bill in the House. .
Furthermore, if the government feels that the backwardness of the Roster System should compensate for the loss of Garo since 1972, it is like a punishment, punishment and guilt to the Khasi youth who are looking for jobs now.
Prof Dutta is specially trained in Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology.
Within a short time, officers of the Regional Office of NHIDCL called for talks with the leaders of FoRMLD and promised to repair the Shillong-Dawki road within 20 days.
The Minister is pleased to inform you that NEIAH will soon start operating ambulances.
