The visit of the children of thousands to the KHADC today was from all parts of the Hima, the Syiemiong Kur, the Dorbar Shnongs, the Lyngdohs who elected the Syiem and Mother of the Hima. to the complainants against the King of the Empire.
During the visit, he met with the Minister of Home Affairs in charge of Tourism and other officials.
The Executive Engineer, listened and promised that he will take action this year from the office to resolve these problems which the village has been facing for decades.
Latest reports received by SP News Agency said that the land acquisition team under the jurisdiction of the district authorities has received the land acquisition team for East Khasi Hills District. The proposal from these two places to those who have to choose one of them to set up a landfill.
On the other hand, Umsning Police Station who were present at the scene came forward to stop the clash between the two parties and police arrested several people from the scene. This incident has spread widely on social media this morning.
He said the new posts include one IT supervisor, 10 phone receptionists, one multi-purpose user and two security guards.
He is currently undergoing treatment, said GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police.
He said that the central government's allocation system is unfounded in relation to Meghalaya as Meghalaya does not have SC and OBC but nearly 90 out of 100 people The problem will not only be in the lack of jobs or seats to study but will also lead to displacement because as we know there are tens of crores of OBCs in India and these will come to work. They came here to our state and made it a village.
Felicita Majaw was elected as Vice President, Doria Shabong as General Secretary, Da-ailang Suchiang as Assistant General Secretary, Marylis Mawrie as Assistant General Secretary and Happiness Tongper as Assistant General Secretary.
East Garo Hills 80.09%, South West Garo Hills 79.02%, Ri Bhoi 72.83%, North Garo Hills 69.35%, Eastern West Khasi Hills 67.56%, South Garo Hills 65.56%, South West Khasi Hills 65.15%, West Garo Hills 59.82%, West Jaintia Hills 50.29% and East Khasi Hills 50.01%. , and East Jaintia Hills with 44.50%.
Secondly, you request to release the funds payable to the GHADC by the State Government from the collection of revenue and others as the GHADC has been falling into the midst of crisis but has not been working for 31 months. They have not been able to pay the salaries of the workers.
Government authorities have alleged that the attack was carried out by insurgent groups but at the time of writing of this news, it has not been confirmed which group.
Speaking to reporters, the Congress leader said that Conrad Sangma has got the opportunity to serve the people of the state because of the Congress Party.
Although in the midst of such a crisis, we hope that from its leadership it will continue to produce hope for the rich heritage of the Jaitbynriew u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum" It is better for a man to have a shorter day. He has made a great contribution to the Jaitbynriew in the longevity and longevity.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Meghalaya Athletic Association (MSOA) today announced that the Sohra International Half Marathon 2023 will be held on 30th November
He said he had to struggle to solve many problems.
The rally will start from the Mawkyrwat C&RD Block office and end with a public meeting at Mawkyrwat Market.
The tree planting ceremony was organized by the president of the kur, Bah Tom Pomthied and the kur decided to do something for the environment and held a tree planting ceremony at Jarain village.
Not only public meetings, marching, but also banning the broadcasting of anything related to the election whether through television, newspapers or any other media outlet has been banned.
He said that the department has been empowered to implement according to its authority, in which these rules will be announced by the department regarding the markets within the council's boundary. .
The union understands the problem of the lawsuit, but what the union wants to say is that the government should expedite the infiltration of foreigners in the area is increasing from time to time. .
Speaking on the occasion, Secretary to the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs of the Union Government, Surendra Nath Tripathi, said that NEVA has been funded by the Central Government to build the server. The Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha shall be present together as well as for the 40 Legislative Assemblies of the States.
“This act of this Nepali to make money for himself by this job is not only a crime but also a threat to us the indigenous people and this has put the country in trouble. “Our small nation has been in great danger for 10 days,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President, AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, June 24: The Hill State Democratic Party (HSPDP) today confirmed that Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait has been expelled from the party for fighting against the party by campaigning for the election of Bah The CEC, which was held today in the presence of the President of the party, Bah HS Lyngdoh, has confirmed the decision of the HSPDP Mawthadraishan Circle.
“As Kyrseishna Durim, I didn't wait for the time to come and I didn't prepare for anything at all; but it is a strong spirit that has given its life to contribute to the society of mankind,” said Bah Raphael Warjri.
Any woman who has a knowledge of 21 years of age and above who has passed Class 12 can be selected for this MPV. The Mahila Police Volunteer Scheme was launched in 2016 in the two districts of Karnal and Mahendragarh.
It is clear that a foreigner cannot become a Rangbah Shnong under this Act, the statement said.
Williamnagar, Naitung 18: The East Garo Hills Police have arrested a vehicle carrying weapons used to deliver weapons to the GNLA in East Garo Hills.
The Tharia Festival Wah Rew, near Wah is the first time for Ryngud Village to be held as part of the 50th Anniversary of the village.
He said we consider the northeast as an important part of the country.
In the first phase, they found that the demarcation of the border did not follow all the five (5) Agreed Principles including Historical Facts, Ethnicity, Geographical Contiguity and Administrative. convenience bad  Williness of the people.
Speaking to media, KSU-EJH General Secretary KS Suchiang said that the presence of BSF troops along the NH-6 is illegal because the intention is that the BSF troops. They should protect the border and prevent the illegal entry of Bangladeshi officials into India.
The Government recognizes people with disabilities, those who are blind, deaf, unable to walk and stand, including those with mental disabilities and two others who are disabled. speak, those who are thrown acid, mental retardation and poor eyesight.
All members of the Rotary Club are urged to plant trees and write their names and take responsibility to ensure that they are maintained. .
Prayers should be strong that this disease will not spread.
The same court has sentenced Tek Bahadur Pun to nine years imprisonment for the murder of Bhim Thapa. it happened on
She said that the contest in Sohiong constituency is only between the UDP and the NPP.
The Seng urges the relevant authorities to investigate immediately so that they cannot do whatever they want.
“The problem is that this office is responsible for delivering the funds allocated for development works in the rural areas but the fact is that they don't get the funds to improve the offices,” he said. he didn't say anything.
The seized clothes worth T.35 lakh were arrested by the BSF for failing to produce the necessary documents. who will verify where to send these clothes.
In a statement, the Chief Secretary said that this has to be done because of the COVID-19 pandemic which has come unexpectedly and due to the lockdown it will affect the income of the country. the country and the state as a whole.
On 1/November 2024, Turti Baumatary of Buglamari village in Goalpara District Assam surrendered to the police with a suloi and two unused rounds of ammunition.
At present, the Act 2007 and Rule 2015 do not clarify how the District Council should act when the rulers of the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars do not hold the Dorbar at the end of the year. Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima, which has brought darkness to the children of the thousands who should have received the Dorbars at the end of the year from the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima. before the son of a thousand.
Pankaj Singh, MLA Uttar Pradesh, also spoke on the need for the people of India to understand each other's different cultures. Pradesh and to witness its industrial corridor.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today sent his condolences to the family of MM Jacob, former Governor of Meghalaya.
The program began with the lighting of candles and a wreath laying ceremony at the portrait of Dr. Samuel Hahnemann, the father of Homeopathy.
If the authorities do not act, the union will take strict action.
Rani said that after the meeting with the former Chief Minister on 05/01/2018, he went to inaugurate the power plant.
“Over the years, PrasarBharti has built a platform to collect news and also distribute it to all parts of the country in different languages.
Shillong, July 05: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Zila Military Welfare today conducted a training for youth who wish to join the army.
The death toll has risen to 6, 4 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. 886 people.
The DC Supply has announced that the sellers should not sell more than this price in the case of rice and piat, while in the case of kjur, officers of the agriculture department have been sent to investigate.
On the other hand, the opposition members have sent a letter to the Speaker of the House demanding that they need a leader of the opposition and have also submitted the name of Dr Donkupar as the Speaker of the House. leader of the opposition.
It is learned that many people have requested to open these two markets.
Shillong, July 26: The Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma have congratulated the Muslim community on this day of their fast. many days in which they have ended today with the Eid ceremony.
One person has been tested positive for COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in the state since the beginning to 93,7
This is the first meeting in four months since they met last year.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to nominate Bah Reinwell Dkhar MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Teinwell Dkhar said that the registration of nominations will be held tomorrow morning before 12 noon.
He said that this is an opportunity because there will be no more applications for the next 40 years.
On the other hand, JR Siangshai, Vice President of the party, said that the party has also suggested to the District Authorities that if possible, it would be better to direct the Aadhaar registerers to to elect the villages, one after another and also to empower the Dorbar Shnongs to elect their own supervisors to supervise the registration day of their respective residents.
In his opening remarks, he said that the purpose of the two-day conference is to promote the herbal medicines of the North East to other parts of the country.
It may be recalled that the HYC has also expressed its opposition and there was a discussion in the KHADC dorbar last month.
They are looking for me, I am not afraid to hide but I left my job and came to Shillong,” he said.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the Law Commission to advise the Central Government not to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya.
Regarding the border between the two states, the party said that it will inform the government and demanded that the central government should address this issue where Meghalaya and the state. Assam is also involved.
The training will be conducted by the Asst.Director, NABH, New Delhi on 30.05.2019 from 10 am to 4 pm. .
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the Civil Hospital Shillong to see for himself the condition of the hospital. which has less than 600 beds, which is owned by the government.
Regarding the venue, the dorbar has been built to accommodate 80 MLAs, although the state assembly has 60 MLAs at present, this is a preparation for the future.
The festival was attended by a large number of people from all over the country who came to see the performances of various artists and musicians from Meghalaya. The annual festival reminds us that we should know our own customs and traditions.
It is said that at that time he was worried about money because he was alone, but he held a prayer and was persecuted and finally Parliament set up a committee and he was appointed as a member of the committee. One of the members said that your God has listened and the committee has sent to Parliament not to bring the bill anymore.
Of this amount, KHADC has already received T.34 crore and the remaining T.16 crore will be received soon.
In a statement sent to Bah Lapang, the seven members said that they do not want to work with Bah Gabriel as the convener of the NBCC. Congress will face elections in
Phawa was welcomed by Bah Ban Basaiawmoit MDC from KHADC in the presence of Bah Ivanlumlang President of the PDF. About 200 supporters of the MDC candidate joined the party. Shillong, July 19: Bah Phawa has joined the PDF to contest the MDC election to be held on June 27 from the PDF party to the JHADC. Shillong, July 19: The Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Dominic Jala, has ordained 40 deacons within the Catholic Church, in the presence of faithful from all over the parishes of the Catholic Church. in Shillong.
He said that the existence of this college will help a lot to the students of the area as this college is not small compared to other colleges in the city.
Shillong, November 13: The Supreme Court of India in its hearing on 4/12/2018, has granted permission to export 1,76,65 tonnes of coal from Meghalaya. 00 metric tonnes of coal until 31st July
Shillong, Nailur 14: Amory Caroline War, Counselor of the Junior Red Cross Society of Mawlai Government Upper Primary School Unit, has been awarded the honorary title. She has been awarded the Award of Merit for her hard work in the organization since
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, will take the salute as the chief guest. Many government officials and relatives of these commandos will be present.
The flights to these places carried ICMR cargo for Shimla, Rishikesh, Lucknow and Imphal from Pune to Delhi.
The KSU Nongtyngur Unit and the KSU South Central East Circle in collaboration with the Nongtyngur Village Authority have handed over the Bangladeshi Khar to the Pynursla Police Station.
If the check gates are standing, we will see that we will be able to stop the illegal entry of foreigners and the ruser crimes that are trying to destroy our state as a whole,” said the President. KSU.“The government should understand that this Act is part of the fight against mynder and part of the fight against drugs which destroys the youth in this state,” u said.
The 16 leaders of the Seng Khasi were established after they saw the invasion of the Western forces to destroy the customs and traditions of the Khasi people and to curb the invasion of the Khasi people. The authorities in the west have established the Seng Khasi.
The government has also strengthened the staff at the gates to work 24 hours a day.
In this seizure of the trucks, it was witnessed that because heavy trucks are not allowed to come to Shillong, the owners came to carry the jhur in small vehicles to escape the jhur and the drivers had to sleep inside cars during these three days by sleeping and sleeping on the road.
The KHADC will act in accordance with the law and for this reason it will issue a public notice before doing so.
After this, a speech was delivered by Ms. Pasqualina Lamare who explained to the Local Groups and Self Help Groups about the work of SURE. Agricultural Development Officer (ADO).
Therefore, the people of Jaiaw constituency should allow Bah Augustus Jyrwa to become MDC this time.
Regarding the footbridge in Nongpoh, he said that the problem is that they don't get land because it has fallen on private land. long only between 12 to 15 meters.
Shillong, November 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Traditional Medicine Council (KHADC) today presented the report of the Executive Committee on the need for Khasi Traditional Medicine. Committee(KTMC).
Following consultations, the Committee said all its recommendations would promote transparency, inclusiveness, confidence and ease of voting.
Shillong, November 17: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) has convened a meeting of the Central Executive Committee to be held on the 22nd of this month to discuss the demands of the jaidbynriew and other issues. need.
Shillong, March 07: Answering a question in the House, the Minister in charge of Electricity and Power in the State, Clement R Marak, said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to provide electricity. Rajiv Gandhi Grammar Viticulture Yojna (RGGVY) scheme.
Many other issues were also discussed at the meeting, such as parking spaces, traffic regulation. Police Chiefs from the Traffic Department were also present. .
Shillong, November 03: Dr Steven Aibor Dkhar Kharsyntiew passed away on 31st March 2017 in Pondicherry.
Shoes and wheels cannot protect against lightning and thunder.
Thus, first of all, there was a word that sounded about the meiramew, in which the voice of the basa said that from those shijur, the Meiramew and the Basa became all the creatures on earth.
On the other hand, the Health Educators of the hospital, Kong P Dkhar and Kong P Diengan, urged the parents to take better care of themselves so that they can provide better services to their children. khun ki k“Many times mothers have to take care of their children and look after the household but they forget about themselves.
It is to be recalled that the KSU EJHDU in the past few months has submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to bring a Traffic Branch in the district. to improve the traffic in the district.
According to a statement sent by the police, four people have died and the injured have been taken to Rongjeng PHC for treatment. protect them human life.
The Karbi Anglong Students Association (KSA) has spoken to the media on the day of the meeting of the Regional Committees of the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya at Khanduli. On 16th July 2023, the KSA leaders threatened that it would be like in Manipur if they lose the land they claim to be theirs.
Let us walk together with faith in God, what we do will be for the sake of our nation.
Other speakers on the occasion were Prof. David Syiemlieh, Rev. Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, Rev. Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, Rev. C Khognwir Pastor of the Presbyterian Church.
At this meeting today, 100 books on teaching methods were launched to train these books in 12 types of kiten in India. The Prime Minister of India has said that education is the key to achieving any goal of development of India and the Prime Minister of India has said that he is happy to be involved.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) in charge of traffic in Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that due to the overcrowding of drivers in violation of the MV Act, the police have seized a vehicle. to T.13,31,730/- in the month of June.
(SP News)1BJP1212CPI103GNC204HSPDP1715INC5656KHNAM317LJP408MDP209NPP27010NCP19211SP10012UDP47513IND1319.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Three kickboxers from Meghalaya, Hame Shaniah Suiam, Pynsuklang Sumer and Lambhadaka Patlong have taken part in the WAKO International Kickboxing Referee Seminar 2017 at Ring and Tatami Sports which started from 3rd to 3rd to 6th July 2017 which was held at Lonaval Pune Maharashtra and was organized by WAKO Indian Kickboxing Federation and Amateur Sports Kickboxing Association, Maharashtra.
The CSWO said that the accused also came to the dorbar but were sent home, and this led to the fact that on 3.01.2017 the family members reported the incident. to the police.
Pynshngian said that after the House elected anyone as CEM, he left the House and went straight to his room to start working as CEM according to the rule there is no rule. On the other hand, Bah Latiplang said that he has already sent the names of four MDCs to become EMs. The state shall do what is necessary according to the rules.
During the inspection, the Seng and some of its members found that this place is one of the hideouts of criminals to commit various crimes, due to the negligence of the Government. the house that was built.
The Congress has handed over the task to Rejaul Karim Laskar to submit a report on the party's objectives and the preparation of this report will be for all the states. of this part of the southeast of India.
He added that as the Seng in its small capacity, it tries to extend its hand of sympathy to all the members of the Jaidbynriew who are facing difficulties especially in these incidents which they have not known before. The Seng is confident that these families will welcome these gifts from the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Adventurers on Saturday donated eyewear and hand sanitizers to Sanker Hospital.
U Bah PN Syiem, MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorbah Constituency, today said that after the HSPDP and BJP have replaced the ministers in the MDA government, by standing in the middle with the principle He congratulated the four MLAs who spoke on the appointment of Ministers.
He said that the whole world depends on trade, the richest countries of the world are the strongest countries in trade.
The other deceased was identified as Lawrence Lyngkhoi, 72, of Shyiap village. He died on the way to Super Care Hospital.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the letter sent by the Under Secretary to the Deputy Commissioners states that a non-Khasi husband cannot accept the jait khon of a Khasi husband. The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 has been misleading.
The KSU also sends its condolences to her family and prays that God will be with her to comfort her family at this time of darkness. household.
A total of 44 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ummulong village in West Jaintia Hills District today.
In fact, these children should have been able to attend classes long ago if the government had taken action on their problems in the past.
“As soon as we arrived at this place, the violence increased, the members of the HITO threw stones at the Police and Magistrates and also threw stones at the female Policemen and threw stones at the Dy.SP who was seriously injured.
He left his family for the good of the Khasi children.
It encourages all to work with determination, unity and one goal, to encourage all the people of India to walk the path to a strong and prosperous India for all.
Others who were present were Mawlai MLA Embhalang Syiemlieh and Archbishop Dominick Jala.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Jied Kurbah, a short speech was delivered by Bah Kular Khongjirem Secretary, a song was sung by the group of Deibamebet and the welcome speech was delivered by Babu D Rngat. from the members of this group.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has alleged that they have misused their powers and positions.
The Defense Minister said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a recommendation for AmritKaal.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the KHADC will issue a notice to all the banks that according to the law they should not issue Pan Cards from the dorbars. village.
Shillong, Nailar 08: Students who passed their examination through DSC East Khasi Hills today staged a protest in front of the DHS office in Shillong to protest against the lack of education. Bah T Mylliempdah, one of the students who passed the examination, who has not yet received a job, said that the government department has refused to appoint those who have been sent by the DSC. The government department has refused to appoint the persons sent by the DSC instead of appointing them.
The foreigners were led by David Scott who told Tirot Singh that if he gave permission for this, they would take over the Duars, which is the most fertile area of ​​Assam. also that adequate trade would be provided.
The MLCU had done this clean-up last year in Khyndailad and the findings have been sent to the central government.
The fight between them was not very pleasant, the side that won was the support side.
Jowai, Dec 09: Four political parties today decided to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya under the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation The curfew has been imposed in Jaintia Hills on the grounds that there have been many requests from the people such as Religious Churches, Clubs, Dorbar Shnongs, etc.
Any proteins and bacteria inside the body are specifically produced to fight each other.
The injured were taken to Nongtalang CHC for treatment.
The real war that understood life and death was the Pakistan War in 1965 in which he took part. During this time he was posted to the 7th Battalion at Khemkren near Amritsar in Punjab.
Speaking to reporters on the occasion, Bah Latiplang said that his desire is to fight for the resolution of the boundaries in the KHADC. in the midst of the kingdoms, because as it is now, there are many kingdoms in the midst of the border.
Bashai said that the party has been asking the government why you have closed schools since June this year. For those who are sick, the government doesn't ban smoking. Why doesn't the government ban smoking?
In Shillong, markets and offices were closed, only a few vehicles were traveling.
Only essential goods should be allowed on the highways.
BJYM Meghalaya President Samla Egenstar Kurkalang.
According to a statement sent by the police, the HNLC member who came to surrender was the non gap pahara of the C-In-C of the HNLC Boby Marwein.
There are still areas in Shillong, the capital of the state where the rules and regulations of the Khyrnit Bahynriew do not apply at all and thousands of foreigners are living there,” said Bah Synrem.
Furthermore, the Chest Number has been placed on a Timing Chip along with two time machines. The deadline for registration is 31st November
There are eight Congress MDCs in the opposition.
Working with Young Change Agents will help us to open the minds of the youth of the country, in a way that will give them confidence and understand the truth that can be achieved.
The opening of shops will be seven days a week and the closure of all shops will be at 6.30 pm. 8.00 am last night.
“The goal of the Ministry is to protect the rights of children, the right to education and the right to health.
However, the government has not listened and the deterioration of the road opposite the Lumdiengjri Police Station has deteriorated to the point where the mawria and the discoloration of the water pipes have appeared.
Both of them have said that they will win this competition.
The incident was also a clash between several people and not a clash between any ethnic group and those who shot and killed had nothing to do with any party.
The highest one is longer and the two lower ones are shorter.
Modi urged those in the telecom industry to visit the schools and colleges of the country and open up the opportunities that this technology brings.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong said the government has taken the initiative to upgrade the Administrative Unit Patharkhmah because it understands the plight of the people of West Bhoi as it is far from the district head quarter of Nongpoh.
When the robbers entered the village and tried to rob a house, the owners of the house shouted and in this shout the villagers came out to drive away the robbers, but the robbers opened fire on them. In this incident, a young boy died shortly after being shot.
The rebels, who came to surrender today, said that their leader has lost a lot of wealth by demanding from the rich.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, will open the Mission Football Tournament in Shillong on Saturday. India's leader in football.
The TGCSU said that the TGCSU is a union elected by the students and not appointed by the government or the DC. of TGCSU.(SP News).
The judge said he has received a letter from the DC to all the government agencies to oppose the granting of bail to the members of the GHSMC and this is what the DC is trying to do. Jipson's lawyer said that the case has been investigated.
The Union Minister for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Shri Dharmendra Pradhan meeting with the Education Ministers of North Eastern States, in Guwahati on November 20, 2021.
This year even the Election Department of the State has taken part in the decoration of the map of Meghalaya with lights. elections in 2023.
Shillong, Naitung 01: A four-day meeting was held today between the BSF Frontier Command and the Bangladesh Regional Commanders BGB Level Border Co. -Ordination Conference" started in Shillong.
Shillong, July 22: There are 406 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District and 304 cases in East Jaintia Hills District. Hills 3, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 16, South Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 56, West Jaintia Hills 14, West Khasi Hills 6 cases.
Anyone found walking up and down the street without a necessary reason will be punished according to the law.
The DC said that at present it is not possible to give a full estimate of the damage affected in the district as the estimate is ongoing and some have already been sent to the government. the final tally has not been released yet.
He said that the opening of the Civil Sub Division today will help a lot to the people as many of the works have to go to Nongstoin. but this will be temporary until the government is able to provide offices.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deborah said that this meeting was to congratulate him on his newly elected Secretary to Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The PDF meeting held today at the Conference Hall of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to direct the Executive Committee to meet once again on the decision of the Executive Committee. NOC for construction of two lane road.
After the meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary, D Lamare, General Secretary of the party, said that they are not satisfied with the outcome of the talks as they have not received a clear promise on the salary.
The union has alleged that there are people who are doing the work of getting permission from the Single Window Agency and there are traders from outside the state who are applying for jobs in the name of state owners. contract.
The celebration was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The Board will be headed by retired High Court Judge Justice Shivaji Pandey as Chairman along with two members, Senior Advocate ND Chullai and Senior Advocate ND Chullai. Tsering Yangi.
At the same time, there shall be at least two women among the nominated members in all ADCs in the Sixth Schedule areas in the North East to empower women.
The 108 informed the Meghalaya Police and the Nagaland Police in Dimapur.
Shillong, 27: After receiving a complaint from the residents that the influx of foreigners to work in Upper Shillong and Mylliem is unknown, they are from nowhere and this has disrupted the movement of foreigners. the owners of the villages.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: A clash between Star Cement and FKJGP Jaintia Hills Unit has led to a complaint being filed with the District Administration.
The Chief Minister of Assam said he wants to have a meeting first and visit the border in March.
The discussion was on how to teach the people to contribute to the creation of sustainable employment opportunities and many of the speakers said that how to reach the goal should be taught.
This shows that the Khasi youth are eager and eager to play cricket and to lead the state in various tournaments whether in India or abroad. The statement also requested them to hold the date and time according to the rules of the Maitshaphrang Khasi Cricket League.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today closed down several offices which were opened on the occasion of the 184th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh. The meeting was held at the SBI, FCI Regional Office at Mawlai Mawroh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Shangpliang said that the DC has done what is necessary and he hopes that on the first day the Mawsynram Block office will be able to send them. food items to the communities affected by this natural disaster.
These three mothers have alleged that their MLA is poor because he has employed his own children and relatives from the same household in the loss of five children. to consider the large number of unemployed people of the Constituency.
To resolve the blood border with Assam.
In fact, if you continue to support the NPP in 2028, the NPP will become nil or zero.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Home Affairs HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Road Construction Martin M Danggo, MDC Manstudy Nongrem, Hedrian Lyngdoh MDC, Commissioner and Secretary S Kharlyngdoh. Deputy Commissioner of Home Affairs Ripnar Lyngdoh, BDO of Ranikor Block, Ferdinand Basan, who will also be the superintendent of the new Administrative Unit.
For this reason, he will send the complaint to the Election Commission of India.
The Khasi said that it is wise to give jaid to the mother, and for this reason the kur should take it from her hand.
She said that the current reservation policy does not include jobs in scientific services and posts.
“The Minister also praised Bah Shangpliang as a retired officer with many skills and as a former MLA who has made a great contribution in the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to reporters, Petar J Lawai, Sordar of Mawryngkneng Pyllun, said that the Dorbar Shnong does not agree with the check post. for thou shalt not bring trouble upon the people.
This competition is held every year in Nan Polok. The fish that have been caught after being caught are released into the water.
The Wool Processing scheme is for the development of wool production.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Civil society organizations and the people of South Garo Hills District today strongly condemned the shooting death of Olgate R Marak by the militants at Bambuk Market this morning.
Police investigation has revealed that the HNLC has tried to mislead the youth through many methods to continue their demand for money.
On the other hand, the Seng also expressed its surprise how these people can ring free when they do not have any proper documents, and even the Dorbar Shnong has not recognized or issued documents to them.
To implement schemes that have been implemented on a 90:10 budget.
Regarding the correction of the mistakes, Dr Piyush said that it should be done as soon as possible and at the same time he directed the teachers to check within three days if there is any shortcoming. here and there.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah has won by 3,422 votes against NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang.
The house belonging to Shaniahshkem Sariang and Loni Pala was destroyed by the fire.
Four persons were killed and six others injured in the incident.
Myntri Rangbah Duh promised that he will not rest until the needs such as good housing, access to food, clean drinking water, electricity, toilets, gas connection, access to maintenance and internet connection along with others have already been provided.
All the States and UTs (having statutes) have approved this arrangement for the provision of funds for the shortfall in payments under the back-to-back loan scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The final of the Meghalaya Dancing Star competition was held on the 25th of this month at Jaiaw Shyiap.
To date, the NLCN has registered more than 100 members.
This is in preparation for the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri, since its establishment in
The total number of people affected by the earthquake was 377, three houses were completely destroyed and 55 houses were partially destroyed.
Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident, have ordered the Anti Narcotic Task Force to arrest the suspect immediately. Heroin weighing 10.97 grams, a blue plastic bag containing 35 empty syringes, a mobile phone and 6,310 tyngka.
'The AAHII will be built at a cost of Rs 546 crore and will pave the way for innovation and research in the fields of medicines and healthcare, recognizing the unique challenges of the country. relate to health and promote the development of new technologies to address those challenges.
The message of 'Dawai Bhi, Kadai Bhi' should be disseminated through the media and multi-sectoral platforms.
He said the state will become a hub for cancer treatment in the North East.
Therefore, the FKS Dorbar expects the BJP-NDA Government to take action to ensure the speedy implementation of the promises and agreements signed since 17th August 1948, as the BJP Government has worked quickly. to resolve the affairs of Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills District Council, Bendic R Marak, has sent the names of the Executive Members to the Governor for approval.
He congratulated these children who have been selected to represent the state in this tournament.
He said that teachers are the second parents and it is through them that the students learn in manners and respect and shape their future.
Sanbor said the division of votes between the NPP and Congress will benefit only the candidates of the ethnic parties as they will not have a voice or do anything in the dorbar which is dominated by NDA candidates. Remind that most of the BJP leaders in our state are faithful Christians and we will speak and stand for the welfare of Christians.
The second match was opened by Bah B Khyriemmujat, Publicity Secretary, Nongkrem Sports Club.
Shillong, November 02: U Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum today was arrested for stealing T.80,000/- from his account with the State Bank of India. Branch Manager of the Bank.
The Government is struggling to develop tourist attractions in West Garo Hills which are currently under construction in Sakaladuma, Shnongpdeng in West Jaintia Hills, Sohra in East Khasi Hills, Mawlyndep and Nongmahir in Ribhoi, Nongkhnum in West Khasi Hills, Thadlaskien in West Khasi Hills. West Jaintia Hills and Pelgawari in South West Garo Hills.
The Government has held talks with the management of GVK regarding this issue.
He said that all the problems we are facing as a nation in this country are due to the delay in resolving these agreements between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States, until the Dorbar Thaw. The Assembly or Council of the Khasi States Act as enacted by the elders since 1933 and in which the Chief Executive Members are present together in the Assembly or Council of India and within the State.
The Election Commission is aware that the villages on the border with Bangladesh have been recognized by the Government and the Government's assistance to these villages is from time to time, by building roads, ration, light and even a hospital for the area.
MH Dkhar said that the duty of the JHADC is to look after the welfare and life and death of the country and the indigenous people.
What is needed now is to have a platform that allows them to talk to experts so that they can get the right advice.
Due to heavy rainfall across the country, norms have been relaxed and funds released as immediate relief to states without waiting for utilization certificates of funds released to states in the current financial year past.
At the same time, the Director said that 225 cases have been recovered today, 123 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 94 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 1 case from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is
Oil Management Companies (OMCs) which are “responsible companies” have suffered losses during the rising oil prices by ensuring the supply of petrol and diesel at affordable prices to the people of the country. which the OMCs have not amended since 6 June 2022.
The protest has been going on for four days.
Kynpham said that the Khasi people have lived in these areas since about 56,000 years ago.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), 20 Mer Circle under the leadership of Samla Jaian Sylliang, President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), on Tuesday inspected the three water tanks of the PHE department. without implementing anything else on 19 Mer.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah S Kharsyntiew Vice President of the MTET examination, said that the purpose of the MTET examination is to appoint full time teachers in the LP Schools. The government and all 1200 contract teachers have sat for the examination but many of them have not passed as shown in the results released on the 25th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid said that the revenue for the year 2019-2020 within the KHADC is estimated at T.215,35,68,860 crore and the expenditure 215,36,17.400 crore and the deficit will be T.48,5
Police said that the two arrested were identified as Johnyrias Marbah and Augustine Marbah, driver of a truck number ML-05-T-8 The driver is from Upper Nongrah and the suspect is from Nongrah Umjapung. Police said that the driver is from Upper Nongrah and the suspect is from Nongrah Umjapung. I judge.
Therefore, in accordance with the power conferred under Section 144 CrPC 1972, Section 21(1) and Section 17(3) (a) and (b) of the Arms Act licensed guns shall be left without fault.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Volunteers of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) in the past few days have sent back many people who wanted to sell and buy jhur from the market at the Parking Lot. Anjalee Cinema Shillong for being found to have a temperature of more than 37 degrees Celsius in the thermal scanner.
: Meghalaya has reached another milestone in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission to deliver water to more than 4 lakh households in the state.
The delay in returning to the state will cause problems to the students as they are struggling to get adequate food and some of them have been evicted by their owners due to lack of housing. They don't get any assistance from either side and they suffer by eating only biscuits to escape starvation.
The union found that many of the vacancies in these factories have been published in other newspapers in other states like Bihar, Assam and others.
The shortage of voters is due to the lack of vehicles due to the curfew called by the HNLC. due to the lack of vehicles.
Ltd to the parents on this day of the Mega Lok Adalat.
The house where they live is dilapidated and they don't have the means to repair it. Besides, they have a shelter on the land of the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation. Limited.
Shillong, Nailur 07: A group of private individuals called “Adventurers” led by Kailash Verma on Tuesday conducted a disinfection campaign in Khyndailad and Police Bazar to prevent the spread of the disease. COVID-19.
On the other hand, the district authorities have immediately provided assistance to those households affected by this natural disaster. MeESEB employees have worked hard to provide electricity.
According to the report of IIT Guwahati and the report of the in-situ technical assessment, the bridge will be allowed to travel as usual.
However, the government, government departments and private companies should wait until they receive the decision of the Hon'ble Court and should recognize the decision of the Supreme Court. nine judges of the country on the 24th of July on the rights of individuals.
Prof. Shukla said this in front of the students of NEHU during the hours when the NEHUSU visited Prof. PS Shukla at the Old Guest House after the ceremony. that they did not have the opportunity to meet him inside his office, at the moment they went to close down his office in order to express their demands.
Chyrmang said that this action of the JHADC can be said to violate the rules of the council itself because according to Section 10(2)(iv) of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District Regulations, 1954 prohibits the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners if there are foreigners who cannot do the same business under this Act.
He also promised to talk about the impact of the implementation of the CAA in the country as a whole.
New Delhi, Nailur 29: The country is celebrating the 14-day cleanliness festival through the Swachhata Hi Seva (SHS) 2023 campaign under the theme 'India free from tobacco'
“The HYC warns us not to interfere too much in our security affairs and to reconcile the state,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin President and Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC in a statement.
This exhibition of their weapons was called "Tip iala ki jong Shipai"
According to SP News Agency, the fire started from the clothing shop of Ashok Sharma and spread to the mobile shop of Bipul Borah.
Others who attended the launch ceremony included Dr S Marweiñ, Medical Officer, Dongki Ingding PHC, Dr AS Kharphuli, Ayush Physician, Bah K Rapsang, Sordar of Dongki Ingding Village, Bah S Mawiong and others.
The victim was rushed to Mawsynram CHC but Manoj Kumar, an officer of the central government office, died at the hospital. government.
These office bearers of Iooksi Pyllun were sworn in on the 22nd of this month by Raphael Rabon, a young Rangbah from the village.
Many projects such as Arth Ganga and Mahabahu Brahmaputra have been launched to promote social and economic development along the Ganga and Brahmaputra Rivers.
According to the villagers, these two men had gone to guard the rice fields because there were mynder from Bangladesh who used to enter the rice fields on the border to steal. and he gave him the bri.
The Prime Minister said it is necessary to have a building to distinguish between the villagers and the foreigners.
“According to the tone of voice, we expect that they will implement it this year after the Financial Year,” she said.
In this regard, T.14.96 lakh crore has been released for 28.68 crore loans since the inception of the scheme (till 19.03.2021). borrowing under PMMY in 2020-21 and released up to T.2.66 lakh crore in the fiscal year 2020-21 (as of 19.03.2021) 88% of loans are under the 'SHISHU' category, Jan 24% of loans are to start-ups, About 68% of loans are to About 51% of the beneficiaries are SC/ST/OBC. SC and ST account for 22.53% of all beneficiaries, OBC 28.42% of all borrowers, About 11% of loans I have been given to those from minority communities.
The Minister said that 1046 samples have been taken so far, 11 positive and 904 negative and the results of 130 tests are awaited.
Therefore, the Seng will visit these areas to see whether the government has been able to provide assistance to these families who have been affected by the cyclone in the area and from the leaders.
On this day, the ceremony was concluded with the offering of prayers at the places designated by the government and all the ceremony went smoothly in Shillong and in the state as a whole. of the rain they completed the ritual with joy.
The foundation stone of the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut corridor was laid by the Prime Minister on 8th October
They want the government to provide security measures first and then talk about the railway.
In this regard, the Central Government will provide gas to the poorest households especially to the households below the poverty line and it will be separate for the mothers.
The HYC hopes that the KHADC will complete the process of issuing trading licenses so that more trading licenses can be revoked.
After this, there was also an explanation for the Rangbah Shnongs of Sunny Hill, Lumdiengtri, Lama Villa, Jaiaw Langsning, Dymmiew, Lumkshaid, Mawprem, Qualapaty, Nongsophoh and Laitumkhrah.
The President congratulated the Chief Election Commissioner and the Election Commissioners on the successful conduct of the elections, the highest democracy.
Police have registered a case against the suspect and the investigation is ongoing.
The opening ceremony of the festival was inaugurated by Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh MLA Mawlai and the prizes were awarded by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh Minister of State. from Sacred Hearth Theological College.
However, this school is still facing many problems not only for the school but especially for the students because they don't know how to do it because there are no teachers.
During the visit, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that this scheme has worked well and the government has set a target for all households in the country. states will get water to rural households in
On his arrival at the airport in Upper Shillong, he was welcomed by Air Marshal RK Sharma AVSM VM Air, Commander-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command.
Metbah said that the party has not yet taken a decision on the MDC election but there are still MDCs who still want to contest the 2024 MDC election.
During the investigation, the BSF said that the cow was injured before arriving in Bangladesh and after being slaughtered, they were transported in the vehicle.
This was announced by the General Secretary.
The Hima urges the market dwellers to stay inside the market and not to stand on the roads, so that the village roads and highways will be clean and by doing so, the market is clean.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Central Executive Committee of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today decided to demand that the government should drop the FIR filed against the RBYF. the president of the party on or before the 9th of this month.
He also thanked Prime Minister Duh for his support to the telecom industry during the pandemic and for the reforms in the telecom industry.
During the meeting, the DC who conducted the meeting, explained what happened on the 27th of this month and urged the elders to cooperate to bring about the peace and order within the District.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit any group or groups from holding public marches within 500 meters around the Meghalaya Secretariat.
He said that this is a miracle of God to magnify that women have the most important role to play in the welfare of the family and society.
She said that the rations were allocated from the Central Government scheme in which the women were not deprived of their rights.
Therefore, the MUDA Act (Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2011) and the KHADC (LD&B) Regulation 2015 both state that we must build houses according to the rules of the Act.
The next celebration will be held at the Dorbar Bah of the Kur Warjri at Sohryngkham on the 11th, November, 2022 from 10 am.
To collect information on the losses and others, the party has directed its members in Districts, Blocks, Circles and various units to collect information on the types of crops grown, how much expenditure, how much expectations to collect, just how much to sell and how much to lose.
He started making musical instruments for the market in 2001 and is the first from his village to make these instruments.
The Children's Film Festival was inaugurated by Bah Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
NOTE: 1.
On the other hand, Anuj Bansal, Director of Badri Rai & Co Construction Company, said that at the beginning of the work there was a slowdown but now it is moving forward.
The decision taken at the meeting held on 2nd June, 2024 and 8th June, 2024 regarding the financial affairs of the Fifteen Finance Commission has been violated by the Municipalities because they have sent proposals and implementation of certain funds without the knowledge of GHADC which are against the rules.
The documentary film market, a pioneering initiative, aims to promote documentary filmmaking by providing a unique opportunity for filmmakers to interact with consumers.
“If the Government drops the cases and forgives the actions of the members of the HNLC, there is a possibility that the peace talks will continue as this has been proposed by the HNLC. “The talks will continue but otherwise, the talks are over,” said Bah Sadon Blah.
The absence of the C&RD Block in this area has caused many problems to the people or the villages in this area. There are also villages in this area which are far away from Rambrai and have to walk. They have to stay overnight for 2 or 3 days to complete the works inside the C&RD Block.
His death is a great loss to the state, both as a public leader and as a muktiar.
He scored 556 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Electronics and Khasi.
So far, T 432.36 crore has been sent to the bank accounts of 1,46,758 farmers in Meghalaya, he said.
The smuggled goods include Biri, ktung, Kwai, Tympew, cigarettes, cows, muid, saree and worse, there is a suspicion that anti-national fighters such as insurgents, Rohingyas are coming to from this region to India and from Bangladesh.
Roadside vendors have become an integral part of the urban economy, providing essential goods and services to the urban population.
JAC Secretary Kitbok Ryngksai expressed his satisfaction with the promise of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action on this issue and bring it up for discussion at the meeting of the groups. minister.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 27: Schools are the key to shaping the future of the nation, children and students are the key to shaping it.
In this match, Shillong Lajong FC played hard to win and Rangdajied FC played hard to win.
According to the census of the Rural Development Department, there are more than 6700 villages in the state, but there are more than 7000 COVID-19 Committees. to work together to prevent this disease.
Alternatively, scholarships equivalent to tuition fees, course fees for undergraduate and vocational courses will be provided according to the rules of the government. for these children under the schemes of the Central or State Government.
At this meeting, it was suggested to build LED light bulbs in the state. The supply of solar power has brought about a change in the rural areas, said the Chief Minister. .
At the same time, MDC Bah Morningstar Mawsor said that through education, it will bring about change not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas according to the era of science and technology.
The delegation was led by Chairman Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC in the presence of leaders of various organizations within the COMSO. It is the responsibility of the various political parties of the North East to meet together in one place to discuss and exchange views on the various issues faced by the indigenous people from time to time.
Speaking at a public meeting, the Governor said that roads are the source of income for the people.
“This invitation of the PP tonight to all 10 MDCs where I have not been invited, these signs show that I have been suspended from the Congress party for one year, and this shows clearly that there is something behind it, and maybe they can send me that information but I have not yet received it in writing".
What has made him famous is that Bah “Bring is the father of the clean government” and he also taught us to be brave to “Say yes to what should be said yes and no to say no to no”. This man has done this, which the leaders of today want only to praise in the media.
The Padma Bhushan is awarded for outstanding services and the Padma Shri is awarded for services in any field.
These equipment are light equipment and the purpose of the distribution of these equipment is to support the youth who are being trained at this school to train in the training.
Speaking at a public meeting at Selsella, Cornad said that in the upcoming elections, the people will not be confused about where to cast their votes because all the parties involved in the elections will not be confused. The government should work together because this government is determined to work for the people.
Speaking at the meeting, one of the leaders of the club said that what prompted them to set up this school is that through the distance of the leaders for the youth of this village and The entire area should not be involved in these alcoholic beverages which can destroy the lives of the youth, so that they should live a dignified life in society and also to take care of their own. the skill in relation to the put and the tem.
Mr. John F Kharshiing, presented a copy of the White Paper on Indian States, prepared by Sardar Valabbhai Patel, Prime Minister, I/C Ministry of States (known as in Parliament in 1949-1950, where the Instruments of Accession and Annexed Agreements of the Himas including the Federation of Khasi States, signed and approved by the Government of India on 17th August 1948 To celebrate and commemorate this day, the International Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples, the Anthropological Survey of India has organized a Health Awareness Camp, for the people of Tyniar village.
Members of the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee, leaders of the Church of God, were present to commemorate the 139th birth anniversary of this great man. of the Khasi and Jaintia people.
In fact, every year, the registration of failed candidates in the last SSLC Exam who wish to re-appear in the examination ends. (last date to submit application forms) is 20th October.
Don't forget that the Chief Minister has already announced that a notification has been issued regarding the age he is talking about on 26th June,
The Vice President said that peace is essential for the development of the country, as it is now in the North East of India, peace has begun to come, but what has happened? There is a need to invite the rebel groups to the peace talks table to achieve lasting poverty in this region.
At the same time, AJYWO said that it will follow up until it gets the facts.
The number of cases by district is 8, East Garo Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 84, Ri Bhoi 7, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills There were 113 cases.
The meeting was conducted by the Labor Commissioner of the State Government.
He urged the people to go and farm for those who have farmland on the outskirts of the ksainar shniah fence.
All the pigs who died of the same disease, the one who died today at Umran Dairy will be post mortem tomorrow morning by the doctors of the Ministry of Agriculture. the cause of death.
Myrthong, a 30-year-old police officer from Meghalaya, has honored the Khasi community.
In the complaint, it was said that the members of the union have come to the checkpoint many times to demand that they should issue certificates to the vehicles carrying dewbilat and crushed coal. .
In this regard, we see that God's deliverance from Coronavirus will continue so we should think of our fellow citizens outside Meghalaya as well as other ethnic groups who have settled here and who should return. After the outbreak of COVID-19 in India, it is possible that among those who have yet to return, they have contracted the virus.
This was announced by the Union Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr. Jitendra Singh in a statement. He said this in the Rajya Sabha today.
Referring to the HSPDP, he said that the greatest contribution of the party in the last 50 years is the achievement of a full state. Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh said that if Meghalaya cannot get a full state, it will be done by work. This is why Meghalaya has got its own full state in a short period of time. After the sub state was incorporated in
The driver and passenger of the bus were injured in the overturning. Other passengers of the bus were seriously injured and were taken to hospital.
The CEM said that he will take action on this issue while Teibor Pathaw, EM in charge of the Labor Department, promised in front of these Sengbhalang in West Khasi Hills District. He will now postpone the issuance of Labor Licenses especially in the Shahllang areas.
Officials who attended the ceremony included the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, officers of various departments of the state government, leaders. villages, members of SHGs and the people of the area.
Shillong, July 09: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to open three colleges, two in Ri Bhoi. and one in Garo Hills.
All these are the daughters of Bah Well Dkhar from Lawmyrchiang.
On the other hand, former Mylliem MDC Bah Sounder Strong Cajee said that the receipt of pension by the former MDC groups which now numbers five is the assistance of the Khashari House and congratulated them. Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who took action within two months, was able to provide food.
This has caused problems especially to those who have completed the training in the Sericulture & Handloom Sector, who have also received scholarships from the Government.
Our scientists must have adequate resources, our soldiers must have adequate weapons made in our own country.
A complaint has been registered against them at Laitumkhrah Police Station and they have been charged under the provisions of the NDPS Act No.127(9)22 u/s 21(b)/2
The works that have had to be replaced in this work are due to the introduction of new growth and the increase in price is due to the location and another reason is that it has taken time. beyond.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today escaped from the no confidence motion after Bah HS Shylla withdrew the no confidence motion. after a debate that lasted more than four hours.
The singers who will perform in the show include Mangkyrpang Kharshiing, 9 years old, Ishaya Lyndem, 9 years old, Pynwan Lyngdoh, 8 years old and Ariya Lyndem. 7 years old.
Bah Nongtraw said that this is not their place, in fact they should be grateful because the people have been patient. to take possession of their land, but in this state they take possession of the land.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Delimitation Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today submitted its report to the Deputy CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). u Bah Peace N King.
In the second half, Meghalaya beat Assam by 12 goals, Meghalaya scored 4 goals in the first half and 8 goals in the second half. Assam did not score a single goal.
The letter sent by the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, the Deputy Commissioners of East and West Khasi Hills Districts, explains the cooperation of the relevant government departments on this issue. The District Council Affairs and Law Department, which has decided not to comply with the Constitution, has immediately banned any intention to change.
He said that the demand for ILP is not only in Khasi Hills but also in Garo Hills, so the demand for ILP is in the whole state. Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) Robertjune Kharjahrin at a meeting in Motphran to explain to the public on the demand for ILP. “The government can do whatever it wants, but the law should protect the people,” he said.
This is only the beginning for me and I will work harder in the future so that I can achieve my dreams"
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Central Body on Tuesday met with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi to seek clarification on the reason for the arrest. The Disciplinary Secretary of the party was Bah Tarson Lymba.
"“We feel that it is their attempt to create racial tension and unrest which we will never allow," he added.
The PWD Construction Department has taken steps to ensure that the work of the Legislative Assembly will go smoothly and that the Legislative Assembly will be completed on time. message.
Today, as we fuel the fire within our youth, promoting talents and scholarship; technology, engineering and entrepreneurship, manufacturing, music and mobile app development, sports skills, we empower our youth to do various jobs and through this also retain the spirit of the freedom struggle.
On the part of GVK Company, Deepankar Choudhury State Head of GVK Company, speaking to reporters after the meeting, said that the meeting was able to arrange for the management of The ambulance will start.
He joined the post of Muktiar in October 1989 and gradually rose to his present position.
Regarding the same issue of recruitment under the Maharashtra State Reservation Policy, Dr. Jaishri Laxmanrao Patil v. the Chief Minister of Maharashtra and others in 5th June 2021 The Supreme Court of India has ruled that the special allocation in addition to the 50% that already exists does not fall under that special allocation.
Speaking to media, Bah Donlang Nongbri said that during the meeting with Kong Kharbiteng, it was to discuss separately these vacancies as the recruitment and roster system affects the employment. jam of the youth of Khasi-Jaintia.
The chief guest was Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU Sengkmie and the Chief Guest was Samla Fredrick Kharmawphlang Vice President of KSU Sengkmie in the presence of other branches of KSU Sengkmie from the area.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul denied that there is any corruption in the Eco-Tourism Circuit Project in East Garo Hills. The NEC has allocated 12 projects in 2017, of which 9 are in East Garo Hills, one in West Garo Hills and two in South West Garo Hills. The total cost is T.14.39 crore.
The objectives of the scheme are:To boost the country’s resolve to stand up for the safety of women and girls.
It is also an honor that the Shnong Mawkasain has given its cooperation to make this good initiative a success,” he said. to take those with eye problems to Shillong for treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 21: To relieve traffic jam in Shillong during the Durga Puja, the police have arranged the entry and exit of trucks in Shillong from 27th of this month and will end on the 1st of April.
He said that the people are not only afraid of those who are already in the state because now the work has started they can be used, but the people who come from abroad are not allowed if they are found to be there. There is a cooperation between the government, the Hima and the Dorbar Shnongs.
In his speech, Modi recalled the time when he first came to Shillong to attend the meeting of the North Eastern Council after becoming the Prime Minister of the country.
The Legal Notice refers to the unfounded allegation and devaluation of Lalremsanga's longryngieng in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly and his speech to the media on the 19th and 20th. Nailur, 2023.
During the inspection, we found that many of the rooms have been destroyed and the houses have been destroyed.
The CFHD will take all necessary measures to identify the pending works which have not been implemented by the Government authorities even after informing many areas such as employees are often contacted.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Shillong Lajong FC today won the U-18 Youth League National Championship by beating Kerala Blasters 2-0 at the JN Stadium in Shillong. .
A team of Batesi TV reporters who arrived at the scene of the blast near the Bus Smit bus stop found that the tins, lyntangs of the house were broken and iit. and they were broken in pieces.
Shillong, July 23: Union Home Minister Amit Shah through Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today announced that he will meet with the government and civil society to discuss the demand for ILP. I'm going to Delhi in June.
The only demands are that the government should increase the allocation of funds for the ASHA workers and the payment should be monthly.
Williamnagar, July 27: The current peace and order situation in Garo Hills has caused the government to be concerned and the government has decided to fight to restore peace and order. This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh at the raising ceremony of the flag of India in Williamnagar.
The Chief Guest also distributed certificates to all those who took part in this training.
Binda Lama from Hawaipur, West Karbi Anglong, Assam is one of the examples of those who have received this training and who has become successful as an entrepreneur and now has her own sewing shop and place of training.
Of these, 4 meetings will be conducted by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.
In the letter, Vincent said that there are many educated youth but there is no guidance especially in the training centres. the youth will be trained either in Delhi or in the state capitals.
A technology platform – website and mobile app – has been introduced for immediate implementation without the use of paper.
Thus, the English language literature is related to the original Khasi language, literature.
Dr. SB Singh, IPS, Director General of Police, Meghalaya and Davis were also present on the occasion.
The fact is that this area is the home of the people of Lapangap and they have lived by farming in this area,” said Bah Sohliya in a telephone interview.
The Club expresses its gratitude to the youth of the area who are studying in Shillong in 2011 to participate in the 1st Meghalaya Open Under-21 Football Tournament The event was organized by the Pay For Right Youth and Cultural Club Malki with the participation of 64 groups from all districts of the state.
To witness this annual Shad Nongkrem, the Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Pa,im Dr Balajied Syiem, the Ministers of the Hima, others who were present were Bah Kyrmen. Shillong, November 12: The Special Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has held a meeting with the Special Assembly of Jaintia Hills. The District Council (JHADC) will hold a meeting tomorrow morning to elect the Deputy Chairman of the House which has been vacant for several months.
No one was injured in the incident.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, they said that the Police Out Post at Mawlasnai is about 20 to 30 km away from these places. The state does not reach these places.
The DC has promised to tell all the dealers or wholesalers who have taken money from the unpaid rice through this scheme to return the money they have taken illegally from the public.
On this occasion, the Union Minister said that Meghalaya has the potential to develop cattle breeding if the farmers take schemes to improve their income. relating to the implementation of the milk production scheme.
Of these, 7 PhD graduates, 381 Master's, 278 Bachelor's, 13 Post Graduate Diplomas and 32 Diplomas this year were awarded today.
In the penalty shootout, PHE scored only one goal from four balls while Eastern Pirates scored three goals from four balls and won the trophy. The trophy was awarded to the MLA Prestone Tynsong and the trophy was awarded to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
For this reason, it has become known as one of the cleanest villages in India.
Edwin Sing Pyngrope, one of the residents of Nongrah, said that the water scheme that has reached Nongrah village is only provided by former MLA Sanbor Swer Lyngdoh. Apart from that, there is no water scheme in Nongrah.
So far, 40 persons have been arrested including Cristabel Wanniang, who was also the leader of the raid. these people don't even have a house to live in.
The Government of Hindustan has done the same to Kashmir which is still under the standstill agreement with Pakistan, by claiming that Hari Singh, the King of Kashmir, has signed the Instrument of Kashmir. Accession on 27 October 1947, according to British sources, Hari Singh was not in Kashmir on that day.
He said the government will do its utmost to help schools in all parts of the state.
There will be no government celebrations during these three days, according to the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government in charge of the General Administration (A) Department.
He expressed his happiness and congratulated Dr P Khongji, former MLA and MDC who left the BJP and returned to the Congress on the grounds of opposing CAB. Former Nongkrem MLA & MDC and former HSPDP President, who came out to support the MDC Congress candidates as part of his strong opposition to the BJP's attack with the intention to pass the CAB Act and which has failed due to the majority of Congress MPs in the Rajya Sabha.
BREAD,3.
Shillong, March 25: The Raid Mylliem today received its new dorbar hall after 169 years since the French divided the Hima Shyllong into two Himas. Kingdom of Khyriem.
On the other hand, the union knows that there was a proposal about 3 years ago and the reason is that the building has not been built yet and the union has found that the building has almost been completed and the government should turn around. The Secondary School has been upgraded to a Higher Secondary School.
Speaking to media, former General Secretary of KSU Bangalore Unit, Samla Amos Syiemlieh said that there has been a delay in the past years due to the lack of land by the Karnataka Government for the construction of the Meghalaya House. He said that the Government has also invited an Expression of Interest (EOI) to start the construction of the Meghalaya House in Bangalore.
On the other hand, a group of Rangbah Shnongs have met with the Minister to release the recognition as a government land before 30th November urban area in this current summary.
In an emergency meeting, HANM has expressed its anger over the illegal recruitment without proper channels. This will be published in other departments.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should take action and monitor the exploitation of foreign meat traders who want to kill meat traders. The citizens of the state with the help of the robbers from the state who are involved in this crime.
Finally, the ICAR under the leadership of Samla Banjop Maring, Publicity Secretary, KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, today went to protest against the ICAR office in Umiam after receiving a circular from the ICAR office. All office employees have been ordered to come to work on Good Friday through this circular.
Wansuk Syiem MP Raja Sabha, DD Lapang, PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs and many others were also present on the occasion. that cleanliness of the judge.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1623, with 1048 cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Khasi Hills, 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 137 cases in Ri Bhoi, 201, South West Garo Hills 8, South Garo Hills 20, East Garo Hills 17 and North Garo Hills
Speaking to reporters, Agnes said that the complainants have appeared at Laban Police Station to respond to the complaint of the four mothers. today they were summoned to appear.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that no promise has been made at this meeting. He said that tomorrow morning they will meet again to discuss the issue. This is a matter that cannot be decided so they have to talk again.
The festival was also accompanied by dances, songs and traditional costumes.
Dr. Mawlong urged the public not to be afraid but to come forward for examination once every three years to detect the disease early.
Leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawkhar have gathered together to inaugurate the Shad Suk Mynsiem, which has preserved what they used to be and handed down the culture of the Khasi people. .
The question now is whether the 90 MDCs understand the benefits of the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
“The Chief Minister of Assam declined to respond to the demand for the return of Block I & II by saying, “Don't ask big questions now as it is just a meeting between us.
Regarding this, the KHADC has taken the assistance of the state government to involve the police and this has been discussed with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs and also with the Minister of Urban Affairs. Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
TSSS Manad together with SSSS, SWKHD Unit, SSSS, Seng Kmie in a spirit of compassion and responsibility urged the Government and the Contractor to expedite the construction of this road. otherwise they will have to think of other ways.
Regarding the Rapid Test Kits, the state government today suspended the use of them and will wait until the ICMR receives another order. Do not use these Rapid Test Kits.
In his speech, the Governor said that it is painful to see that the number of rape cases in the state has increased. they’re still here and there but it’s less.
Other students who came in the top 10 included Raj Paul of St Anthony's School in second place, Pongkoch Dutta of Laban Bengalee Boys School, Pinky Kumari of St Anthony's School and Aditya Prasad of Donbosco. College Tura in the fourth grade, St Anthony's School.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that one person has died of the disease today and one person has died from Ri Bhoi District. There are 1408 people.
All the teachers of the 1st batch and 2nd batch are requested to attend the meeting to discuss and explain the issues related to the results, exams and others.
According to a government source, the patient has recovered and doctors are looking into the treatment.
Banrilang said that the youths have decided to go to the court regarding these issues related to the recruitment of police in the police department. She said that after their visits to monitor this issue many times but the authorities and the government have not taken action on this issue.
The General Secretary of the party congratulated all the members of the army and political parties and especially those leaders who have agreed to participate in the peace talks.
Announcing the decision, the Minister said that cinema halls can now be fully operational.
More than 30 journalists from the district participated in the Vartalap, which was held with the aim of raising awareness on the impact of the budget on the people.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided not to allow foreigners to live or work in the area of ​​Erpakon, Ribhoi. District.
During the meeting, Bah M.Shangpliang CE Rural Electrification of MeECL promised to take action and send staff to inspect the village.
“We will work with the SP of East Khasi Hills to get a report on the peace and order in this area so that we can take action against those who violate the law and order,” he said. said the Sadhu.
Referring to the importance of mental development in today's society, the Prime Minister congratulated the workshop on the success of the Voice of Youth.
When we use chemicals in agriculture, it damages the soil.
The total number of recipients from SSLC to higher education has been
New Delhi, Naitung 22: The Central Government has amended the rules on how government employees must account for their assets according to the law laid down for them.
“We are living in an age of many changes and it is our duty now to preserve and protect the natural resources that God has blessed among us,” said Bah Banteidor. Bah Banteidor said that many of the villagers of the area earn their living through agriculture to support their families and to provide education to their children.
She encouraged mothers to give birth in hospitals and encouraged them to ensure that newborns and poor mothers receive adequate medicines and treatment.
He said that there are many other payments that the government has to make. If the government cannot increase the contingency fund, the government will not be able to use the money belonging to the contractors. the money will be paid this November.
The sampling of this precious marpohkhyndew has been going on since 19 years ago but it has not been successful, due to the fact that there are some collectors who have mislead the people to stand up. against this purpose.
Built at a cost of more than T.1120 crore, AIIMS Guwahati is a modern hospital with 750 beds including 30 beds for AYUSH treatment. recruits up to 100 MBBS students every year along with providing modern health facilities to the people of the North East.
The new case of COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS is from a BSF personnel. The infected persons are 5 employees, 1 doctor, a nurse and others who came to treat many patients.
Besides the schemes of the Central Government, the State Government has also launched many other schemes to provide medical assistance to people with disabilities from time to time with the assistance of the Central Government.
Speech was also delivered by Kamal Agarwal, one of the Marwaris, who said that the donation will be 5 kilos of rice per household, 500 ML of Umphniang, 10 kilos of flour and 10 kilos of flour. kilos of dai and this distribution will be the first phase.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 300 billion tonnes of heroin from Baghmara in South Garo Hills District. Phensedyle.
Shillong, July 14: Meghalaya will also implement the Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission (PRN) by converting the Megha Health Insurance Scheme into a new health insurance scheme. National Health Insurance Scheme.
He said that under the leadership of Rajajibad Adheenam, the Sengol has turned into a symbol of handover of power.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, on Tuesday said that the AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has said that the hard work of the police in Jaintia Hills Crime, Law and Order and Traffic have helped the people in many areas of society and such public servants should be recognized by the government to encourage them and and to others to continue to work harder in the service of the community"
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, was also present at the donation of blankets. Other Rangbah Shnongs from Shillong were also present.
Six constituencies have already been determined and in eight constituencies two candidates have to be submitted and the Central Election Committee will take the necessary action.
The Shillong Premier League will start in the second half of November
Regarding the money left by the employee, the Minister said that so far it is T.1.5 crore that he still has to pay.
This allegation came after two children were electrocuted at Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills District this morning at 10 pm.
Mena Kharkongor Chairperson of the State Commission for Child Rights (SCPCR) has visited the village where the incident occurred to find out the cause of the incident. fact.
"“The residents of the village said that as soon as the heavy rain came, the garbage stopped there.
LP School Building, water supply, unemployment, roads and other needs of the people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that to do this, we need a strong will on the part of the political party leaders to achieve this and this will bring peace and stability in the North East. “It will help to improve the economy of the region,” said Dr Mukul.
They will also discuss the issues of uranium, two lane road, railway and on this day they will also elect the office bearers of the central body of the party.
Also present on the occasion were Bah RV Warjri, Prof Antionette Kharmalki from Khasi Department NEHU, Padmashree Kong Patricia Mukhim, Journalist, The Shillong Times, Bah Bobby S Basan, Head of Khasi Department and that fellow teachers.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there is a River Rejuvenation Committee headed by the PCCF with the participation of other government departments for the Umkhrah and Umsherpi rivers as directed by the NGT. , on the other hand, the Minister said that he will order to convene this meeting to discuss this issue.
TULBA believes that the Sixth Schedule cannot fully protect the jaitbynriew because while there is still para 12(a) because if any laws of the Central Government violate the laws of the District Council then we don't have He said that we see that our leaders are still busy with the knieh shuki without protecting the country.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Ronie V Lyngdoh MDC of Mylliem Constituency while speaking on the report submitted by the Deputy CEM of KHADC Pyndiaid Sing Syiem on the re-appointment of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong and the Syiem of Sohiong. Sohra after hearing the statement from the Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem that the complainants cannot prove the allegation against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong, Bah Batskhemlang Lyngdoh and others. The EC has also re-appointed the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'im Freeman Singh.
On this occasion, it was expressed that the people of Garo Hills want the Archbishop of Guwahati, Rt.
At the opening ceremony, the Chief Minister expressed his regret to see the shortage of passers in the HSSLC and SSLC. you should be able to pass the exams.
Shillong, July 04: The Working Group III of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, today convened a meeting to follow up on the discussion between Dr. Mukul Sangma Chief Minister: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs and KHADC held two meetings in November 2017 on the Building Bye Laws in the Sixth Schedule Areas.
Speaking to reporters, Bah WHD Syngkong, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, said that on receiving information about the incident, he went to see what had happened. The Rangbah Shnong of the village called the 108 to provide assistance to the Dkhar but the ambulance was too late and the Dkhar died on the spot. place.
In the name of fighting against insurgents, the extension of the term of office of the DGP is unacceptable. don hands only.
The union also spoke about the use of private vehicles by the households to earn money which affects the income of the owners.
In the final on Friday, ONYX beat Dubakh 76-70 baskets in the men's category.
Regarding the number of students who have returned from the North Eastern States of India, he said that so far 2080 students have arrived till late this evening and it is expected that it will be clear. a total of 2900 people were able to attend.
The fish farm has been funded by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Union Government at a cost of T.10 crore. India's Narendra Modi to improve rural income.
This behavior of these foreigners to order the police to bomb the crowd with insults even in the presence of women and mothers, is unacceptable in the society of the Hynniewtrep people.
With the death of Mr. Walton, the journalists have lost a pioneer.
The residents of Nongmesong village attended the treatment and received medicines for their illnesses. Dashin has been admitted to this hospital without any complaints.
The Poiwir will change these laws because they do not help them.
In this protest, they will convey to the people that they should have that sense of ownership that it is their protest. If the central government cannot give Manipur, how can it give Meghalaya? where it is the same minority who need all the protection to avoid being overwhelmed by the majority.
The Prime Minister recalled that while working with the Bharat Sevashram Sangha in Gujarat, the organization has a spirit of service and at the same time teaches. The spirit of working hard without being afraid to do anything.
“I know how to work as a farmer and I am the son of farming parents,” said Bah Hilarius.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per person will be distributed at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo while for Non-NFSA rice, 7.215 kilograms of cards at a price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
JACSO invites the people of South West Khasi Hills District to attend the rally to be held on the 16th of this month at Mawkyrwat.
She also promised to do something for the school in her own way with the guidelines of the Ministry of Education as the school has been getting 80% in the SSLC results in all these years.
MeECL should send an inquiry into this too.
The HYC leader said that this will not frighten the soul of their son.
Any vehicles passing on this bridge shall not exceed 9 tonnes.
In the announcement of the Prime Minister of India, up to T.70,000 crore has been allocated under this scheme to help people build houses, but if we take the income of 70 lakh per annum, 90% of the residents The state will not receive this scheme.
Shillong, Lber 6: The JSU War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier against the BSF troops at Muktapur BOP. Many of the residents of Muktapur have complained about the behavior of these troops inside the village where recently these troops have opened fire inside the village on 1/03/2
While working in these Khasi Hills, this missionary made a great contribution which the Khasi people will never forget.
The Minister said that the government has implemented a scheme such as the preservation of streams and many other activities to preserve the environment by working with the villages to preserve the forests.
Agnes said that these officers did not do anything but they were busy covering the phones of the people and the video was seized by the police during the raid. The CSWO said that in fact the police raid should have been placed in a safe place. the minds of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : Manipur has performed well in Wushu and Taekwondo at the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 today.
These fake flags were found to have been removed by the district authorities within a short period of time.
On this occasion, the children from all over the constituency performed songs and dances in the presence of parents and teachers.
Speaking on the occasion , Bah Barthol Sohlang , Secretary of Mawlai Cleaner Association , in the presence of the members He encouraged and praised the Mawlai Cleaner Association for doing something good in promoting the talented people of the village in the field of sports and congratulated the players. who have taken part in this game and encouraged them to continue in the game to improve in the games and also the game also helps in health and frees from evil.
“However, those who accuse us of not looking at us as the VPP, I say it is a sign of desperation which they see as no longer needed.
The NPP leader alleged that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has turned his attention only within Ampati.
At the same time, the government should allow only a few traders to agree that there should be only 20 or 30 traders and to follow the rules laid down by the government and the traders. KHADC will send enforcement and the farmers will come in vehicles to carry as usual this will help the farmers.
Explaining the reason why she came forward, Kong Bindas said, “I have experienced it myself, when we are sick and suffering at home, we have experienced the problem because of the bad condition of the road. and the neighbors were also afraid.
“As you have seen, we have about 2000 posts and vacancies in Police Stations and Out Posts in different parts of the state and my goal is to complete that first, " he said.
Purningstar Shabong said that the Dkhars have not yet acquired the Khasi race.
Bah Rowell's statement that the ILP is a human rights violation shows his short-sightedness as an elder and politician.
The second language of the examination was Hindi and if you study in Hindi you can get only 40 or 50 marks. He said that there was no teacher. He said that he would prepare himself without a teacher.
Shillong, November 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Lumshnong C&RD Block in East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Urban Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA U Shitlang Pale, MDC E Lamare and government officials.
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has called on the leaders of Meghalaya to join the party to work together for the development of the state in all aspects. only.
“We have also told Bah Metbah as the President of the UDP party that the party should thank the Cabinet to go and talk again in Delhi and also to force the CM to The Governor should approve the Ordinance of the MRSS Act and until the ILP comes, this Act will come into force,” said Bah Rani.
Dr Mukul said remember that the misguidance of the history and glory of this great country has a foreign purpose. The most important thing to understand is whether this is misleading the history and glory of the country with the intention of creating a way to say that this country was founded on religion. what religion are they talking about asks the opposition leader this is important.
The tournament was concluded with the unveiling of the flag and blessings by Rev. Fr. Michael Marbaniang, Spiritual Director of the Union. St. John's Church, Laban Parish.
As part of the immediate services under the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra, health camps were conducted at the parking lots of IEC Vans in the Gram Panchayats.
Shillong Lajong FC, McDowell's No.1 Soda, together with Red FM Shillong, held a parade of vehicles and people in which the supporters of the club took part in the this is a public event.
He said that the BSF troops today were watching the influx of Bangladeshis and were only spectators.
Shillong, March 14: U Hardeep Singh today took over as Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) Shillong Frontier after Kuldeep Saini retired after 36 years of service in the force. Hardeep joined the BSF in 1986 with the rank of Jammu Frontier and has served in various branches of the BSF and has also been a trainer in the area. BSF training in Tekanpur.
Another is the construction of the road at Laban Square at a cost of Rs 1,77,83,000 and other repairs to the roads in the South Shillong Constituency.
The death toll has risen to 1367 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills. .
MEPA never thought that such trolls would appear.
It is difficult for the police to reach the scene of the incident quickly and affect the peace and order of the people living in the villages under the Raliang out post.
Block I falls under three districts, namely Shiliag Myntang, Doloi Raliang and Doloi Labang Nongphylut. The JHADC has elected a Doloi but no Sanad has been issued yet. They don't have a Sanad to the Doloi, they live in Umdum but they don't want to go to Meghalaya.
During the visit, some of the farmers expressed their concern about the burden of shon as farmers. Bah Aibok Kharsanoh from Thangsning village expressed his concern that the kilo cut is still ongoing. inside the market.
Shillong, November 07: The Political Department of the Government of Meghalaya today released a draft on how to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. They will submit their final opinion and have been given time to submit it before the 10th of this month.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she has received information that one person has died in the incident today, but the name and identity of the deceased is still pending.
Not only these measures have been taken by the government but there are still preparations to find new measures to fight against this crime which has spread in these days.
Shillong, July 01: Unidentified persons set fire to the office of Congress Bhavan in Nongpoh at 1.30 AM. The office of the Congress party was closed.
“During my tenure, the amount of money in the Joint Account has reached T.5 crore to start the work, after me it has reached T.36 crore and the remaining amount in others is T.31 crore. klur, you are the blood of those who love the nation more"
This House does not belong to the Speaker or the Symbut Shongknor but to all the MLAs and to the people of the state as a whole. According to the wishes of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 54 people have tested positive for COVID-1 6, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1 and 1515 cases are still confirmed.
Regarding this, Bah Lamphrang said that there are some shortcomings in the lack of approval and he will take action to look into the matter as mentioned by the opposition leader. inside the meeting of Bah PN Syiem.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit has sought clarification from the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the State Government on the conversion of schools into health centers and the registration of Aadhaar.
Shillong, March 09: Sawlad and Nongrilong are the three villages that are lagging behind in all aspects, especially in terms of roads which is the backbone of the income of the people.
The HANM leader said that the border crossing in Assam has been around and the harassment of the people of Meghalaya on the border has been forced from time to time. the persecution of people by the people of Assam.
The market will have three floors, the first floor will be a jhur market and will be for unclean jhur only and the top floor will be used as a dorbar hall. from employment opportunities for the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 02: After the end of the 12 hour curfew, the Sengbhalang has held a meeting and decided to hold another Road Blockade on the 4th, 5th and 6th of this month. month throughout Meghalaya and the curfew will start from 9 pm to 5 pm.
Shillong is less than 100 km from Guwahati Railway station and takes only 2 hours to complete.
The proposals of Nagaland and Mizoram are ongoing.
T.52/- per day for TB patients and T.60/- per day for those who are treated in hospitals, T.60/- per day for those who are treated in hospitals. Health is T.60/- per day.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Gitanjli Dance Academy today held a dance to mark the 75th Anniversary of India and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya at Khyndailad.
The visit was accompanied by MDC Fantin J Lakadong, Director Health Services Dr. R Ally, DM&HO Dr. Shakina Lyngdoh and members of the Dorbar Shnong. , together with the ASHAs. As in all the districts of Shillong, there is a problem with the drug addiction, in the same way in Nongmynsong, the villages are facing the same problem. in terms of drugs.
Kimfa S Marbaniang, Pious Marwei, MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, George B Lyndoh and officers from SWKH District were also present.
As you can see, they don't have any signs or mechanisms to prevent the illegal entry of mynder from neighboring countries.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah RL Blah Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities, FKJGP, KSU, HNYF and RBYF He said that at the meeting they decided to meet the Parliamentary Standing Committee which will come to Shillong on Saturday to express one voice.
Young people drop out of school part-time and turn to a life of crime.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, he said that he took this decision to contest this election after seeing the problems and sufferings of the people in a small vision as a the head of the village, the village of Mookhep.
As part of raising awareness among the people regarding the dangers of opening the railway line to this area, the party in these days will distribute leaflets across the Bri U Hynniewtrep regarding the There are many threats to our small nation if we allow the railway line to reach our area.
She said that the transition from the Polytechnic to the Engineering College is a great achievement and it should become the center of education that will be on par with other institutions in the world.
The proposed site is located within the boundary of the District Court, Khliehriat and near the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Dr Mukul said they are pleased to see that the committee set up to investigate allegations of corruption has taken action and issued a decision to send an inquiry but why does the government complain against it? The Leader of the Opposition said that who has the authority to say that the government should appeal to the High Court against the decision of the Lokayukta? The Congress will not allow and will force the government to reject this complaint, he said, adding that the people of Meghalaya cannot tolerate corruption.
At the same time, he said that if the NDA government in Delhi under the leadership of the BJP finds that those people in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan have been insulted, India has the right to appeal. within the United Nations where India is one of the countries that have signed the World Peace Agreement, not to bring them into India.
Speech was delivered by Samla Auguster Jyrwa who explained about the need for ILP in our state.
He concluded by wishing the new office to be the voice and protection of the people.
As a sign of respect for the father of the nation on this birthday, the Chief Officer of the State, Bah DP Wahlang and government officials laid flowers at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Main Secretariat Shillong.
The Speaker of the Lok Sabha was also invited to Shillong and the meeting said that he will visit the state on the 25th or 26th of this month but the exact date will not be announced. start informing.
It was also found that the company had lied about the number of foreigners who had allowed it to pay T 38 crore.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has ordered that the house of Bah Thomlin Nongrum in Block- II Lawmali Pyllun as a containment area.
The webinar was moderated by B.Narayanan, Director General, North East Zone, Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India.
Jowai, Lber, 22: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, has demanded that the GR Infra Project Ltd should immediately repair or remove all the signboards of the AJYWO. Jaintia Hills has been erected along the NH-44 to protect the identity of the people, villages and townships in Jaintia Hills so that it will not mislead the people and especially affect the traditional identity. The names of the villages, townships and places as named by the ancestors and also the Dorbar Shnongs and townships in Jaintia Hills.
KYRSOIBOR PYRTUHThe bloodshed in Manipur, in which tens of thousands of residents have been displaced, will remind us how much the residents of Manipur have suffered from being expelled from their homes. home.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. 1 in the hospital was not treated.
The recent elections to the KAAC Assembly, along with the request that the KAAC should recognize the Khasi cultures in the area and the desire to appoint a Khasi member as a nominated MDC in the council, said Mr. Niwel War, Adviser.
The KSU urges all the 60 leaders to explain more clearly how to implement the demand of the people for ILP and how to force the central government to grant ILP to Meghalaya immediately and not to delay it. and they shall not be judged.
On the other hand, the union also demands to provide another nurse at Sub Center Mawlieh as at present there is only one nurse before this there were 2 (two) nurses. P.Mawlieh President of Rambrai Circle.
You must not misunderstand that you will receive only one.
John Kharshiing said it is fortunate that the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars are still alive and trying to protect their rights.
To encourage farmers to use pesticides, the Government has decided not to support farmers to use pesticides but to support farmers who use pesticides. medicinal fertilizers that will not harm the health of the people.
Regarding the school, Bah PN Syiem promised to assist from the MDC scheme for the construction of the school.
These three Ordinances have been passed in the form of Amendment Bills or Bills and will be tabled in the Legislative Assembly.
The ceremony does not end today and the procession to worship the gods will take place tomorrow morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma demanding that the government should revoke the Government Notification No.TCP/ 111/88/40 as dated 13.01.1989.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Minister of State for Electricity, James K Sangma, in reply to a question by Zenith M Sangma regarding the increase in wages at MeECL, said that The minister admitted that it was true and they were appointed as day labourers.
It also supplies water to households and government offices in Lachumiere every day since the past.
Members of the House who congratulated the Speaker of the House on the victory were CEM Titosstarwell Chyne, Opposition Leader PN Syiem, Gigur Myrthong and Bindo. M Lanong, RV Lyngdoh, Joseph Fantin Lakadong, Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MN Mukhim, Paul Lyngdoh, Gabriel Wahlang, Balajied Sing Syiem, Grace Mary Kharpuri.
The Bill is still difficult to implement and their purpose of speaking to the people is to clarify that the people of India will understand that the census will be released in
He said that many measures have been taken to improve the collection of revenue from vehicles.
On the same day, besides the wreath laying ceremony at Mot Tirot, there will also be a cultural program by the youth to showcase to the public the richness of the customs and traditions of the Khasi people of the Hima. There will also be songs by the school children and famous singers of our country, such as Bah Banker Kharkongor, Anthony Jana, Bah Kulshan Rani, Kong Adalyne Khonglam, Bateithymmai and others.
The Cabinet today increased the Contingency Fund of the Government from T.105 crore to T.205 crore. is with the advent of schemes belonging to the central government.
Attraction to jobs, lack of opportunity to participate fully in many areas and this is closely related to poor health, lack of educational progress, lack of employment opportunities income and poverty which is also one that affects people with disabilities to a great extent.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister discussed many issues related to the state. This is the first time that the Chief Minister has met with the Union Home Minister, Rijiju. He was appointed as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya after the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Regarding the drug traffickers, the KSU has found many times in every village that when the members of the KSU and the village headmen arrest these drug traffickers, it is seen that only for months or weeks they escaped from prison and continued the same work.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Standing Committee of the National Conference of the Public Service Commissions of India (PSC) today held a meeting in Shillong. Prof David Syiemlieh of the UPSC was also present.
The HYC also demands that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately clarify that the Scheduled Castes (SC) and Other Backward Classes (OBCs) have received the special quota. to study in the lines of study through the State Quota, which is reserved only for the indigenous youth of the State.
Mariahom Kharkrang, one of the candidates for the BJP MLA election in 2023, said he expects the party to announce the names of the candidates in due course. This was announced by the President of the State.
The terminal building of the airport will cover an area of ​​6500 sqm and can serve about 10 lakh passengers per annum.
Shillong, November 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today submitted the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of the Union Government on the State Finance Audit Report till 31st October .
On the other hand, the man has lodged a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs and demanded that the suspect should be arrested immediately.
“He said that the police department has tried its best to maintain peace and order and said that it was not expected that this would happen to such a big incident.
Before the meeting, a two minute silence was observed in tribute to Atal Bihari Vajpayee, former Prime Minister of India who passed away on 16th July,
Afterwards, a 1 minute silence was held for the late Chiefs such as Paiem (L) Malyniang, Syiem Mawsynram, Paiem (L) Helikshon Syiem, Syiem (L) Hima Rambrai. S Wahlang, Syiem of Jirang Hima, and Dolloi Satpator, and to remember many of the rulers from Shnong to Raid who are no longer on this earth.
Shillong, June 29: The District Child Protection Officer of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on the 21st of this month, a child was found with child abuse. He was admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong.
Speaking to media, Jemino Mawtoh said that in the meeting with the Minister of Law, the UDP has submitted the best suggestions which can be accepted by all the communities in Meghalaya.
Total recoveries today are 97, East Khasi Hills 61, Ri Bhoi 13, West Garo Hills 7, South West Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills .
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has said that the discovery of uranium mine at Moreh in Manipur has shown that there is smuggling of uranium from Meghalaya and smuggling of uranium by UCIL and The KSU said that according to reports from outside the state, the uranium container found in Manipur has the inscription “Explosive No.337/99% Proven”. 425.
The Chief Engineer, Central Water Commission (CWC), PM Scott was the chief guest on the occasion and distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of GC Saha, Adviser, Meghalaya Water Development Agency ( MeWDA).
The Headmistress of the KSU, Kong Radiancy Talang, who gave a greeting to the Central Body, District, Circle and Unit of the KSU. Samla Ohibait Dkhar, President of Jaintia Hills District.
In their speeches, both of them congratulated the students who have completed their studies.
What has appeared in the media is that the police have been involved in the destruction of evidence, in which they have deleted SMS messages from the mobile of a relative of the deceased, as explained by those who at home it feels weird.
The traditional costumes have attracted the attention of the tourists including those who came to witness for the first time this festival of the Hima Khyrim.
Regarding the appointment of consultants, in all government departments why they have to be appointed, the government should clarify when appointing consultants whether the government loses or gains because the government spends them. crore tyngka for the appointment of these judges.
Also present on the occasion were Lasky Rymbai MDC Tuber, Dr Sanki Shangpung MDC Bataw and Fineliness Bareh MDC Khliehriat.
The students have demanded that the NEHU authorities should reconsider the marks given to the students as it has been found that the marks given by this university are the lowest compared to other universities. who don't have Ri.
“We see that there are blind people who are blind but the inheritance from the mother does not bring about blind children.
On the same day, many groups, including non-residents, mentioned the HITO in the ejahar and protested by shouting and not listening to the government officials and the police. They said that although there was no incident, it led to clashes between the police and the residents.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The All Meghalaya Labor Association (AMLA) today held a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall in Mawkhar to discuss the issue of labor in the state.
The delegation was led by Reniktone L Tongkhar, Chairman of the District Boundary Committee and Minister of State for Government of Meghalaya. .Lyngwa and also those from Assam.
“We as the party have taken the decision to fight against this corrupt government and said that they will take strong measures for the benefit of the people,” she said. Agnes.
This violence against women happens in many places, including schools, streets and workplaces.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Shella strongly requests the children of Shella Village who are outside the village to take part in the life and death of Shella Village. to prevent anyone from registering to vote in Sheila without obtaining a certificate or Residential Certificate from the Dorbar Shnong Sheila.
Tura, Iaiong 21: The BSF in charge of border security has decided to send an inquiry into how the BSF personnel in Tura have been infected with the virus. the food you drink in the morning.
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today met with the Union Minister of State for Sports, Kiren Rijiju in the city. Delhi.
Other ethnic parties, without mentioning their names, may not have been able to participate in the field because they are only able to get dohkyndang with a shyieng. .
However, the casual employees have found that the Vice Chancellor has turned away and has not done anything to fulfill his promises.
One of the most important issues, the union said that the District Council will take action to build the Tirot Sing House so that the people who come from rural areas to Shillong for treatment can use this house. like a wet house.
The awarding ceremony of the prizes for this competition will also be held on the same day at 3 pm.
As it stands it is still illegal.
The KHADC has struggled to clean up the dirtiest river in Shillong, where former CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem has erected a monument near the footbridge at Wahingdoh. people to clean.
The Chief Superintendent of Police said that the police have conducted a thorough search operation to arrest all the members of this new armed group.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Francis Gee Mawlong, Organizing Secretary, CEC and welcome speech was delivered by Sama Beverly Marbaniang.
Speaking to reporters, he said that after seeing the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state and especially in East Khasi Hills District, the government will not hesitate to take action. This decision shall be made by the complete ban.
On the occasion, Bah Amit Mawrie, Vice-President of the Seng Kynthei Kur gave a special thank you to the members of the Seng Kynthei Kur.
The Garo Hills State Movement (GHSM) under former Minister Augustine Marak and the GNC will support the struggle for independence. as a political party.
In the past years, the NTA has conducted the CUET examination for Post Graduates who have to pass the CUET-PG to enter various universities whether in Meghalaya or abroad. Therefore, the KSU is pleased to take action on this issue so that our students can enter classes even abroad.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will have six EMs including the CEM from Speaking to media after assuming office as CEM of KHADC, Teinwell said that the Regarding the Village Administration Bill, he said he will follow up on the Village Administration Bill, but the most important thing is to bring about regulatory laws in all kingdoms.
Shillong, July 06: The first meeting of the Youth20 Group will be held in Guwahati from 6th to 8th June,
The HYC Lawsohtun Unit was established on 30th June, 2019 at Lawsohtun Village, Shillong and dozens of youths from Lawsohtun Village have joined the HYC. on this day.
Bah Banteidor said that his visit was to encourage for the good service of Health Care and urged the residents not to be afraid of COVID-19 but to think and fight against it with understanding and understanding.
Latest reports said that the vehicle was used by the KSU leader. The damage to the vehicle was that the front and rear wheels were damaged in the stone throwing.
He said that Wahkaji PHC needs water, electricity and other necessities in the PHC, to recruit doctors, nurses and staff so that it can provide adequate services to the people. treatment is needed.
The purpose of this is to empower the youth so that they can become ksiang to fight against this.
The MPLU once again appeals to all the residents of the state to take action and support these protests by various civil society organizations and unions of Waheh Shnongs in East Jaintia.
On the allegation by the Prime Minister that the Sengbhalang is like a rebel in relation to the demands of the Sengbhalang, the Sengbhalang strongly condemns this statement.
To resolve this, the BDO has directed the village authorities to sign the names of those who have Job Cards and those who have received more Job Cards will be given recognition. The VEC has 71 members and the Rangbah Shnong has 59 members.
Shillong, July 14: The Media Cell of the HSPDP, Bah Londener Sohtun, has said that he did not know that Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait is not a member of the HSPDP. The HDPDP has recently clarified this in Shillong after the statement of Badariti L Nonglait and LG Nongsiej on the suspension of Mawryngkneng MDC Pyniaid Syiem. When asked whether Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait is a member of the HSPDP, Sohtun said yes.
The first is to know the living God, in knowledge, in health.
Shillong, July 17: A fire broke out at a warehouse in the market at around 5 pm today and many goods were destroyed in this fire.
Speaking on the occasion, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said that they are fortunate to have the Speaker of the House who has a lot of information regarding the work of the House. Dr Donkupar has been the Leader of the Opposition, Deputy Chief Minister, Chief Minister, Chairman of the State Planning Board and other positions in the government. housing needs in a proper manner.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today conducted a test on people on the border with Assam from Byrnihat near Guwahati.
During the meeting, the Governor explained to the Union Minister the situation in Meghalaya.
The union demands that the NEHU should immediately announce the resolutions especially of the UGs within the coming months.
At this meeting today, they could not take any decision but they scheduled another meeting on Tuesday where the opposition also wanted to give their opinion on this issue. on Wednesday they will make an official decision.
The fire brigade and the residents have done their utmost to stop the fire and ensure that it does not spread to other neighboring shops. The cause of the fire is not yet known. the investigation is ongoing.
After this, the farmers will be able to raise their issues before the Deputy Chief Minister who will come to take part on the 5th.
Sardar Patel argued, "You cannot become a prosperous country if all the workers do not serve India properly," so before he arranged how to prosper the states, strengthen and consolidate the rule of law. , he trusted that they were employees of the Government of India.
On the other hand, the owners said that they will pay their salary for 10 months after the closure.
The tournament will be attended by various athletes from the country who have represented the country in various tournaments and who have won medals.
The Chief Minister said that the water treatment plant which has been completed at Mawrah village can be used for many purposes, such as fish farming, tourism and to develop the rep you ring.
So far, 13 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya, one has died, 40 have recovered, one has tested negative and one third will be tested after the 14th. day.
This delay has put the ASHAs in a difficult situation besides the fact that the salary is only T.2000 per month and the high salary of T.2000 tyngka is not received because they calculate the salary according to the their ability to function.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2023-2024 in the Legislative Assembly of T.1,592 crore. % of the state’s economic output.
The union, after raising these issues, has repeatedly demanded that the implementation should be expedited and we also demand that the Labor Inspectors appointed for this purpose should fulfill their duties properly.
Bah Shadap said that the monthly salary of Adhoc teachers is too small to support their families and some of the teachers cannot even afford to pay their school fees. children when it is time to pursue higher education.
“I appeal to the experts and talk to the land owners to allow the construction of the road to start so that we can avoid many injuries, as we are choosing between life and money”.
It is important to recognize that ASHAs are the most important part of the movement forward in health.
Regarding the request of the Mawlai MLA, the state government will try to discuss the issue with the central government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chairman of SPV, Bah PS DKhar said that these are the expectations of the office for the year 2020-2 -19 less than those who came to apply for assistance to study in the state.
There are 382 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 143 in West Khasi Hills and 81 in West Khasi Hills. 69425 people so far.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a public warning for heavy rain and thundershowers in Meghalaya and Assam from the 24th to the 26th of this month.
On the other hand, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency and Chairman of the Meghalaya Estimate Committee, said that the PWD should not leave the building alone but should do whatever is necessary. by sending a letter to the two offices, PHE and MePDCL, so that they can be provided in a timely manner and that the plan to run this training center for the youth will be implemented. beat walk orderly.
of Meghalaya has said that the priority task is to prevent infant mortality as since 2009 it has decreased from 59 to
Another issue he will raise in Parliament is on agriculture. He said it is sad to see that agriculture in the state is still in the same old era by using labour. He said that in other states, powertilers have been used.
Shillong, June 07: Meghalaya will elect two MPs to the Lok Sabha on the 9th of this month.
In their speeches, all of them congratulated the new Chairman of the House and hoped that under his leadership all these things will go smoothly in the House.
“We can announce the first list of candidates by the end of July,” he said.
The Seng today went to witness with their own eyes and was able to recover some of the idols inside the well.
A total of 50 job seekers came to take part.
Determination of the boundary between the States and neighboring countries, Land Transfers Regulation Act, Land Registration Act, Land Celling, Land Price and Value Regulation, Protection and Preservation of Riad Land, Land Survey and Record, Prohibition of Implementation of Central Government Laws, Special Economic Zone, Strong Law to Prevent Corruption, Amendment of the Sixth Schedule, State Customs and Usage tribunal and the Hynniewtrep State under Article
Donald V Thabah said the union demands from the authorities to understand that many of the indigenous youth, the unemployed, come from poor and low income families. They have been forced to go to other states to write the entrance examination and this is an attempt to deprive the indigenous people.
Because it has been seen from time to time that the presence of military bases especially in Shillong has greatly affected the movement of the villagers, and especially the Government department in charge of the forests.
The Rice Social and Development Guild is a group of former students of St. Peter's Secondary School, Mawjrong who are trying to follow up on the foundation laid by the Christian Brothers in the area a few years ago.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA of Jirang from the NPP today led a group of elders of the area to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma to demand the upgradation of the Patharkhamah Administrative Unit. to the Civil Sub Division.
She thanked all those who continued to cooperate and support in this work.
The Chief Minister said that the education in colleges should make the students to become employers and not job seekers. can be sold in international markets.
In sentencing Ram Dhar, the court ordered him to pay a fine of T.5000,000 and compensation of T.3 lakh to the families of the deceased.
In Shillong, the KSU, which is part of the NESO, held a public meeting at the Additional Secretariat in the presence of students from the area.
In the letter, the union demanded that the BSF should be punished according to the law.
Heavy cold weather also affected parts of Pynursla, Mawsynram, Rambrai, Kynshi and Sohra.
On the other hand, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that if they don't have that confidence, they won't file nominations. Two parties have nominated only one candidate, but what the people have given them in 2023 has led them to come to another group.
The Government has decided to withhold 50% of the salary of the Chief Minister, Government Ministers, IAS, IPS and IFS officers and those who come to work in the state temporarily. their salary will also be deducted by 50%.
He said that this area has become shrah due to the mining of mineral resources but by encouraging agriculture it will bring about changes in the soil.
The Cabinet also approved the proposal of the Ministry of Transport and Highways to have a State Road Safety Policy. There is a road accident in the state which has claimed many lives.
However, surprisingly, after a while, a Khasi woman who owns a market at the head of the market came to work for this trader who had just come for a day or two as her employee.
Kane doesn't fit.
In a statement sent to the media through its President Samla Forwardman Nongrem, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The State Government and especially the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh who took the initiative to listen to the concerns of the people of the area.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong will inaugurate the festival and on the closing day, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma will attend the festival in the presence of the Minister of Tourism. Paul Lyngdoh.
Nongrum said that there are some village roads which are closed for traffic even though they fall under the PWD but they are closed for traffic. He urged the village authorities to release these roads.
Therefore, the law must stand firm,” said Bah Paul in an interview with the media.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister in charge of Municipal Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling, said that he has no information on this. farmers and traders to work together because I don't want it to affect the farmers".
He has been detained in Sylhet District Jail in Bangladesh for nearly two and a half years.
“The explanation of Bah Pynïaid Syiem in the media is only misleading.
Referring to the Village Councils, he said that in Khasi and Jaintia Hills there are Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Shnong Dorbars. theirs to look at.
The Government should immediately pay compensation to the shopkeepers and also provide medical treatment to those injured in the shop,” demanded the union.
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen said it doesn't matter who wins the election, the election remains the same.
Shillong, June 10: Brigadier VM Sharma, Deputy Director General Recruitment and Supervision of the North Eastern States of India today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy.
On the other hand, the CCIB has urged the Union Minister that the Constitution (One Hundred and Nineteenth Amendment) Bill 2013 should be tabled in Parliament until it is finalized. to the land.
Tura, Nailar 28: Three UALA militants, LM Marak, Walman Momin and Temil Marak, today surrendered to the Mendipathar police station.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that they have called for a meeting on 10th November 2023 and one of the issues to be discussed is to take a decision against the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code. India is the central government.
Despite the struggle of the Hima and the Syiem to help by allowing the export of coal to Bangladesh, the KHADC is looking for ways and means to support the foreign traders,” said the HNLC. Our youth do not need jobs even though they have higher education, because the Government has not been able to create job opportunities for them.
People from all over the world can now write to write their lyrics and give them to sound engineers to make the writing into enjoyable listening songs.
Shillong, March 23: Speakers at the last rites of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala today at the Cathedral were from various religious groups and political party leaders. earth.
Other speakers included the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The District Administration, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the KHADC will look into the matter and send a report from time to time. to see if other types of shops can be opened.
Lalremsanga, who is from Mizoram and is also the Chairman of the 2B's Group of Companies, has demanded that Sangma should pay the fine within seven days. and to apologize within 7 days and then file a Criminal and Civil suit against him in the Supreme Court.
Many initiatives in the fields of horticulture, livestock and fisheries have increased the income of more than 10 lakh farmers and this has helped us to improve the income of the farmers,” said the Commissioner. Secretary said that the State has made progress in the health sector in the past years as the vaccination coverage has increased from 57% to 91% and the number of visits to the areas has increased from 57%. provide treatment increased from 46% to 64%.
According to the report, the government should recognize them as full time employees of the Postal Department. The committee was appointed on 1/1/2016 and after inspecting all the One of the Governments of India has submitted a report on 22/3/2018 demanding that the Central Government should implement it.
“As I said, based on the RTI replied by the CEO of SMB, I cannot say anything yet as MUDA and the Director of Urban Affairs are still considering to confirm the RTI,” said the Chairman.
For those who work for those suffering from tuberculosis and those who are treated for mental illness, the allocation is T.175/- tyngka each and the fee for those who are treated for mental illness is T. /- money only.
This evening many people have been fined for leaving without a pass and this is because they have violated the curfew rules.
When asked whether there are any people who have applied for Environment Clearance from the office, the answer is that there are no people from Amlarem who have applied for Environment Clearance from the EC office.
The HNLC urges the civil society organizations fighting for the ILP to hold this protest as a protest to protect the rights of every human being. This is the right of the people to protect their rights. of.
Wherever possible we will provide a price that is satisfactory to users.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister promised the people of Nongkhlaw Hima that the government will build a monument to Syiem Tirot Singh and it will be unveiled on the day of Rakha. die next year.
During the meeting with the party workers, he said it was regrettable the BJP's proposal to beautify the places of worship.
Modi and the BJP party have now been able to show and convince the whole of India that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) of the CAA, the amendment of the Constitution of India for the benefit of the people of India. BJP and RSS are no longer in trouble because they have won all the people of North East India.
This ritual is to remind us that the Khasi people came directly from the city of the Creator, through that golden bridge to come and live on this earth. The Mount of Olives is a reminder of this faith.
The residents of Nongtyngur village on Tuesday arrested a Bangladeshi Khar who smuggled into Ri Khasi with the intention of committing crimes.
The number of self-employed startups has started to rise in the region over the past five years.
This will be the second time that Shillong will play in the Federation Cup, in the first match they won by four goals against Solgaocar.
This is the long standing demand of the residents of Malangkona to have a Police Outpost.
Shillong, July 27: To ensure that there will be no money laundering in the MLA elections to be held on 27/2/2 across the District.
Speaking to reporters on the question whether there are any Congress MLAs who want to join the BJP, BJP leader Nalin Kholi said that no MLAs from the state have joined the BJP. The Congress party did not meet him.
The Chief Minister said that to pay these employees who have decided to retire by taking advantage of this scheme , the government will have to spend T.22.3 crore , which is part of the T.80 crore that the government has allocated The government has already allocated Rs 5 crore and the remaining will be provided.
This is a new scheme funded by the Central Government to improve and improve more than 14500 schools across the country by strengthening existing schools including those run by the Central Government, State Governments abd UT and village groups.
Those who attended the meeting were Dr. WR Kharshiing, Managing Director, Woodland Nursing Institute, Dr. AG Ahhangar, Director, NEIGRIHMS, Ms. JF Balieh, President TNAI, Ms. E. Pyngrope, State SNA Advisor and Student Nurse.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Ri-Bhoi District Youth Congress (RIC) has celebrated its special day to commemorate the founding day of the Indian Youth Congress (IYC). The children were treated at the Sister Missionaries Charity Leprosy Rehabilitation Centre.
“The file for the establishment of the bank has progressed and soon there will be people who will come to meet the Rangbah Shnong. “We have the right hand on our part to choose the place or house where they will take the money to open the bank,” said Bah Shangpliang. “It's very good in terms of the bank,” he said.
Shillong, July 30: Tura MP Agatha K Sangma and Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today wrote a letter to the Union Home Minister demanding an inquiry into the death of Rosy Sangma. and Samuel Sangma from Dimapur, Nagaland.
The Prime Minister's Kisan Nidhi (PM-KISAN) scheme was launched by the Prime Minister on 24th June,
Regarding the CAA, NRC and NPR, the people of this country should understand and there should be a discussion and not just any unpleasant opinion.
He said that Meghalaya has also taken many measures to ensure that the youth of the state will be trained in many aspects of knowledge and the government has encouraged the youth to He said this in the presence of the Minister in charge of Education, Dr. Pokhriyal, who was awarded the prize from the same university. .
“You can’t just mislead the public.
The seized gold weighed 570 grams and the value of the gold reached T.30 lakh tyngka. Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District and have been placed at the Ri Bhoi District Police Headquarters to do whatever is necessary.
The Government of Meghalaya will hold a ceremony tomorrow morning at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong. .
On the same night of the 3rd of this month, the robbers also broke into the shop of Bliersibon Khongbuh and stole tiae worth about T.15,0
On this day, it will be explained to the public how human rights have been violated by the law enforcement agencies, by using the MPDA, MMPO and how these laws affect the laws that should pass through the houses. judge.
The Minister said that after the Meghalaya government took the decision, the central government sent a letter saying that the central government understands the desire of the people to preserve the language. The state will continue to talk to the central government on this issue.
Shillong, June 09: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S Nongtnger, in a statement today, said that the police have filed charges against Bah Alfas Bareh. The Presbyterian Church of Mawkhar has been arrested on charges of embezzling more than Rs.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) at its Central Executive Committee meeting today welcomed the The Government has decided to set up a State Human Rights Commission.
This is a statement by Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Police have registered a complaint at Lumshong Police Station.
Shillong, Nailar 14: On the occasion of the Independence Day of India, the President of India today announced the names of the policemen who should be honored on the occasion of the Independence Day. Country.
This is essential so that the Nongsynshar Shnong, Raid and Hima can get a thorough understanding to avoid future injuries.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today swore in Conrad K Sangma as the first and second Chief Minister of Meghalaya. typical political parties.
Shillong has also witnessed the presence of 10 candidates including Kong Ivoryna Shylla, who is the longkmie to contest as an independent candidate.
Food and beverage shops will continue to open as scheduled from time to time, so the public should not be afraid or leave suddenly during opening hours.
The meeting to elect the office bearers of the Women's Wing was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong Bah KB Nongbri and the participation of the women in the meeting was a memorable event in the history of the village. you announce.
Senapati, Ex-Principal Incharge, Dr.J.K.Saikia Homoeopathic Medical College, Jorhat, Assam; Dr.Sailendra Nath Kalita, Principal Incharge, , Dr.J.K.Saikia Homoeopathic Medical College, Jorhat, Assam.
He said that Captain Nongrum in the fight against the residents to encourage his fellow soldiers, took off his shoes to climb on foot on the Batalik Hills and managed to defeat them. and it was at this time that he gave his life for the sake of the country.
The important thing for these NGOs is that they work together, they have to have tolerance among themselves and the challenges they face will be a success in their work.
According to sources, the contest for the post of CEM is not only for the MDCs who won the election but also for the Congress MLAs who want to bring their own candidates. their people.
“If you look at us who drive commercial vehicles, we don't agree.
The meeting was attended by the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang and his team, Additional Deputy Commissioners, all the Heads of Government Departments. within the West Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, this is the time to work for the development of sports in rural areas so that we can have young sportsmen who can represent the country in the years to come. .
One is to invest T.180 crore to revive MCCL which the government cannot do on its own, one is to work in joint venture with the companies, this is what they are talking about now and the third He said that since the conversion of the dewbilat factory from wet process to dry process, the government has spent up to T .324 crore in MCCL from its inception in 2006 to
“We hope that this service will be a benefit to the people, to those who need this service.
Office bearers of One Stop Centre, Khliehriat received the award in recognition of their contribution to the project 'Assisting Women in Accessing Justice (AWAJ)' in which and attacks and to encourage the public to come forward with questions.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has issued a statement on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. The leaflet on the demand for ILP was distributed to the public on February 7, 2020 and published in the newspapers on February 8,
These groups must have a Transport Permit to transport passengers.
This shows the lack of transparency and corruption of the Assam Government that in front of them they said to resolve the border first but later they did something else. the road is opposed.
During the meeting, they discussed the problems caused by the FASTag at the Toll Gates.
Speaking on the occasion, John Anthony Lyngdoh said that he has decided to strengthen the party under the leadership of MPCC President Vincent H Pala not only in the 17-North Shillong Constituency but also in the 17th North Shillong Constituency. the whole state.
At the same time, he said that as of now, it is not clear who will do the work of managing the Khasi language whether it is NEHU or the government. He said it is the responsibility of the state government to appoint a committee to look into this matter.
The invitation for interviews is only a way or an opportunity for officials and ministers to fight in the government for political gain.
There were 86.36 first-time taxpayers this year.
Besides, Bah Singh included another part of the traditional art of the area, in which he handed over to the Union of Barikor, the Riti Academy to train in the field of writing, as part of the show.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNDF) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a protest against the lack of advertisement at the Regional Campus Shillong, Shillong. within the state.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Various civil society organizations have held a commemoration on the 185th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima who died in prison at the hands of the French. Dhaka.
He said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has introduced many schemes to address the problem of unemployment and at the same time to promote trade. you are in India.
These schools will have modern facilities including labs, smart classrooms, libraries, sports equipment, classrooms and others which are welcoming to all and accessible to all.
The court ruled that it cannot turn a blind eye to the danger of spreading false news because the movement of people who are filled with fear because of these types of news has reached the point where they some have died because of this.
However, at the same time, he said that Mylliem Block has a large area and a population of more than 4 lakh and this should get a new block.
The Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set three slogans, namely “Bring Change, Create Jobs and Change”. Purno A Sangma, the great man who has been the voice of the North East in development, has passed away.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and his delegation were welcomed by Bangladesh Police near Tamabil in the presence of senior government officials.
The club has won the Shillong Premier League Super Division Championship in 20015-2016 by winning the Under 19 Shillong Premier League in November it is from April to June
The meeting also decided to support and provide financial assistance to the older kickboxers in the North Eastern States.
The Joint Secretary of GLCDS, H Ryntathiang, has lodged a complaint against three Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Lumparing, HB Wahlang, Rangbah of Lower Lumparing, FB Khongsit and Rangbah Shnong of Umkynrut. Banrikupar Wahlang on their participation in political affairs.
The Dorbar has expressed its surprise over these proposals from the MHA, especially while the consideration and dispute is ongoing on the IOA & AA, the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, following the order. of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Government of India, and after meetings with other officials of the Government of India.
He said that the passage of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 by the Central Government is a major threat to the minorities.
From the North East, only two states, Assam and Meghalaya, including Aiti Belti Trattoria from Shillong and Khorikaa Restaurant from Guwahati, have been awarded.
The Director said that nothing can be said unless it can be verified, as there are many patients who have been treated inside the hospital, unless it can be verified, nothing can be said.
It is to be recalled that this young woman, who is now known to be a nurse working at Nazareth Hospital, was found in Mawingrim and police believe that this is a case of murder by the enemy. They broke the body of the girl at the scene.
The struggle to protect, promote and preserve the fundamental rights of indigenous peoples is one of the most pressing and widely discussed issues around the world.
As a sign of protest against the central government's decision to implement the ILP in Meghalaya, the CoMSO has burnt the tynshop of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and also the statue of the Prime Minister. Congress MLA from Assam has been arrested in Meghalaya.
Regarding the implementation of the JJM scheme in Meghalaya, the government has set a target to complete the scheme by 2022 and the work is now progressing well in Meghalaya.
The cooperation, awareness and encouragement of various organizations, youth and villagers of Ri Bhoi District will be the key to achieving the 100% voluntary blood donation target.
There are 3 recoveries from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from Ri Bhoi District. There are 28 cases from East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills and , who have been admitted to hospital.
Latest reports said that police on receiving a tip have raided the area and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
Really.
The Prime Minister's Secretary said that the government has already given this authority to the BDOs to issue passes for those shops which have business in the villages so that they can deliver to the villagers.
Shillong College's Freddy Warbah won the Golden Glove Award in the men's category and Baiaikara Swer was named Man of the Match. the final game.
AMSSASTA has spoken to the offices of the Ministry of Education in charge of the work of SSA teachers but the reply is that the government has not yet released funds to pay the salaries of the teachers. SSA has expired in July and they have not received their salaries for six months.
Officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Lands of the State Government were also present at the meeting.
He said that what remains now is for the KHADC authorities to prepare the RULES for the ACT. The KHADC has already appointed a special commission to prepare the Rules. John F Kharshiing, Chairman, SPIKAP, said that it is very important that we think carefully about the environment to preserve it and he said that he will urge all the Dorbar Shnongs to There are village forests, clan forests, private forests, raid forests to hold emergency dorbars to discuss how to plant and cultivate herbal medicines that grow in these forests.
This was announced by the MLA/MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar in an interview with the media on Tuesday.
Secondly, Uphold the Lakshman Rekha of the curfew and social distancing.
The reason is that they can’t.
It may be recalled that the roof of the stadium collapsed in 2023 and it was explained that the collapse of the roof was due to heavy rainfall and flooding of the drains which caused the collapse of the roof.
The Hon'ble Court in its judgment/order dated 5th November, 2013 in SLP(C) No.21455 of 2008 among others has urged the Electoral Commission of India to prepare guidelines. on the election proposal to be included as parts of the Sample Regulations.
The number of samples taken so far is 79126, 76645 have tested negative, 431 results are pending and the total number of returnees has reached 31084 people.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 28: The KSU Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of Ma Satly Ryngkhlem, President and Samla Cherity Suja General Secretary and other members have met with the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD to put forward a demand. The murder of the Kur Salahe family in Umkyrpong village under the Sumer Patership.
However, we cannot fight if we continue to misread and misinterpret the Law.
This scheme not only brings benefits and economic development to the village but also provides employment to each household for up to 100 days per year and if we compare the annual cost of this scheme it will equal tens of thousands of years. .
However, the surprising thing is that instead of hiring teachers, the government has said that it will hire schools except those run by churches. minister but the minister pretended not to believe what they wanted to say.
Shillong, March 09: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today sent his condolences to the wife of the late Union Minister Reena Paswan.
Zenith M Sangma Minister of Sports, Noverfield Marak, Dikkanchi D. Shira, Bluebell R. Sangma, Minister of Sports, Noverfield Marak, Bluebell R. Sangma, Minister of State for Sports There are many elders in the area.
Speaking to reporters, the President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, Samla Kitbok Nongphlang said that the FKJGP is not against the allocation of land for the construction of the petrol pump. The area has reached 13,500sq ft.
Two bodies were recovered by the villagers on 30/Jymmang/2004 and one body was recovered from the same village. On the 31st of January 2024, another body was recovered.
Shops shall not be allowed to open.
Speaking to reporters, he said that it is not yet clear who will be in the EC. As the UDF, they will sit down and elect their fellow MDCs to be in the EC. tell because as a team they have to work together.
The union hopes that if it can be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division, it will cover this area in all aspects.
The purpose of the construction of the Police Station is to strengthen the security forces in the area of ​​West Khasi Hills. it will go smoothly.
These days, the influx of people, especially in Khyndailad to buy clothes to wear this Christmas and the influx to Iewduh to buy household items is not only people. who live in Shillong but also from different villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
According to the new laws, any company with a turnover of Rs 5 crore must appoint a company secretary. In North East there are only 200 company secretaries and in Meghalaya there are only
He said that he has seen for himself that the work will go smoothly.
On the other hand, the BSF urged the BGB to think about and stop the entry of their personnel into India to commit crimes on the Indian border.
The expenditure of T.18,881/- crore for the fiscal year 2022-2023, for salaries and pensions will be 38.46%, for financial assistance will be 19.27%, Implementation development works will be 17.06%, debt repayment will be 11.40%, office expenditure will be 5.81% and other expenditure will be 8%.
“It is on the basis of all these that I have come out to support Bah Embhah Syiemlieh because I have seen his work not only in a small capacity as an MDC but many things he has done. for the people," he said.
After this ceremony, a traditional dance was held at Basa Tympew to thank the Creator who has blessed us in the past 10 years.
During the meeting, it was revealed that many of the truck drivers do not buy vehicles but many of them take loans and it is difficult for them to pay the loans because they do not earn money during the closure.
The Income Tax Department has seized about Rs 300 crore in raids in three states linked to a kiad factory in Odisha.
The meeting was also attended by the Superintendent of Police, ADCs and Magistrates, leaders of the Shillong All Faith Forum. Christian.
In her 35-page speech, which was read out by the Governor, she spoke about many of the works that the government will do in the future through various government departments.
The clear appearance of the words “the Khasi States” in the First Schedule is one of the evidences that the Hima Khasi States have not signed the Instrument of Merger according to the rules of law as more than 540 of them had to sign. Princely States in India.
The VPP has temporarily suspended its protest after the Minister of State for Law, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh promised to set a date for a meeting between the VPP and the Chief Minister. The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on Tuesday announced Robert June Kharjahrin as its candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong seat. .
The KSU today started the rally in front of the statue of Bah Bull Lyngdoh, former KSU President and former Minister of State at Malki. You have been appointed to the Additional Secretariat.
The letter was sent to the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Health, Commissioner Home and the DGP of Police.
Government officials from PHE and police have rushed to the scene to investigate what has been reported by the village authorities regarding the incident. which was launched behind the Government Dispensary.
He said that there were those who wanted to abolish the District Councils, but the BJP wants these District Councils in the state to remain strong and to be given more powers.
When they sat down to talk, they found that only the Congress party has been able to provide services to the people.
“I have informed the Minister and he has promised full support.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Friday sought a reply from the Director General of Police (DSP) on the eviction of a woman from the Dorbar Shnong Lumlakhait, West Jaintia Hill District.
So far, 21837 people have returned to the state.
The Meghalaya Cooperative Societies Bill, 2013 was introduced by the Minister of State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh, as well as the Criminal Laws (Meghalaya Amendment) Bill,
In his speech at the Mann ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the initiatives of MPs in rural areas.
The union urges the forest authorities not to allow such illegal activities. If they don't have a hand, how can they walk on the highway until they reach the place? “We have written to the DC Ri Bhoi and the DFO East Khasi Shillong not to allow such illegal activities,” said Johnfast Lakhait President of the CORP.
There are about 300 participants from Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Maipur and Mizoram. from the North East and 10 judges.
The driver of the Rapido Taxi will wear a helmet provided by the company and the driver of the back seat will wear a helmet. In the North East, the operation of motorcycles has started at Guwahati and now in Shillong.
The High Court has said, “What is commendable is the promptness of taking action in a short time to bring in some buses for the to pick up and pick up school children and to ensure that private vehicles are no longer required to pick up or pick up school children.
When asked why he chose the Congress party to contest this election, he said he saw the achievements of Bah Prestone Tynsong MLA in the public service, which led him to choose the party to follow. the examples of this leader.
On the complaint of the shopkeeper, the police have conducted an investigation and arrested two persons suspected of involvement in the theft.
However, they are not a threat, because they can be controlled by taking the necessary precautions and maintaining a disease-free environment in an effort to continue producing. these kinds of fertilizers.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Prestone Tynsong, MLA, and Minister of C&RD, Government of Meghalaya, and John F Kharshiing, during their election campaign for Lambor Malyniang, Nongkren MDC Constituency, on Tuesday said that the people of Nongkren MDC Constituency. Prestone Tynsong, MLA Minister C&RD, said that he expects the people of Nongkrem and Mawkynrew to reject the opposition MLAs as MDCs. He said that as it is now, it is clear that across the Khasi Jaintia Hills, the people want the Congress in the District Council and the State Government. elect the same person as MLA and MDC, because he used to be an MDC and later he was appointed as an MLA and how difficult it is to attend the dorbar session on the same day on the same day. por ha that ar bag.
Dozens of villages passing through this road to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills for various purposes and the residents of neighboring villages have complained about this road. There is a snowstorm that can affect the health of the people who travel through this road.
He said that the decision taken by the government tomorrow will be a demand and not a law. the laws shall not be the laws of the nation, nor the laws of the nation.
The DC's office has issued a statement to warn the people how to transport animals because of such pork and animals die.
T.17.94 lakh has been allocated for the festivals.
All States have been directed to take all necessary measures to prevent the loss of lives and property and the State Governments have been urged to be vigilant in their efforts to prevent the spread of the disease. maintain peace and order in the state.
The sampled rice and three other types of rice taken by the Food Safety officers from the market were sent for testing to the testing center at Bamunimaidan in Guwahati, Assam.
The checks were distributed by the Chief Minister on the occasion of World Environment Day, 2023 held at the State Convention Center Shillong.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the time has come for Smit area to get a proper and larger hospital to help the people of Mawkynrew and Nongkrem area.
The Minister said that the use of funds within the NEC is encouraging and he hopes that the funds coming through other Government departments will also be used in a fair manner.
On the other hand, the four organizations have made it clear to these people that they should not come to mushlia and set fire to others. to the day.
On the other hand, Secretary Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang said that the party has not suggested that the MDCs of the party should support the KHDA. Chairman of KHADC and also to lead the Executive Committee.
"“In order to achieve this effort for the development of Meghalaya, I need the support and cooperation of the people of Meghalaya especially those living in the districts of Khasi-Jaintia and Ri. [1]Earthquake.
However, there is a certified pharmacy that must sell medicines at reasonable prices.
The residents of the village said that when they are sick and suffering if they don't have a vehicle to go, they have to listen. village.
If the Sengbhalang doesn't take responsibility to remind the government from the time that the leaders under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma are busy with schemes of thousands of crores from the government, to spread the development of the economy until those who have children give birth in the middle of this road which has shamed the State as the worst road in the North East of India. you're not Majaw.
Shillong, Niawieng 09: There are 28 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 23 cases in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 2 has 319 cases.
In the North East of India, the total number of tourists in the region is only 0.5 percent compared to the number of tourists in other parts of the country. India.
Speaking at a meeting held at Thyllaw and Mawlyngbna villages in the presence of Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar, Adelbert Nongrum, Ian Swer, SDPO Sohra, Alex Mukhim Magistrate and leaders of the two leaders. Bah Arwanphai Wanshnong and Mawsynram Paiem Amos Malniang, Bah Ardent said that the incident of such incidents is due to the lack of attention and misconduct by the previous leaders. It has existed since ancient times but due to lack of awareness of a minor illness it has reached this point.
Three films will be shown during these three days.
Shillong, July 27: The Assistant Inspector General of Police, Meghalaya, Vivek Syiem IPS, today spoke at a meeting held by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong regarding the implementation of three laws. The laws to combat crime will come into force from 1/1/2
Prime Minister Modi also spoke about the various programs conducted before the start of the program and spoke about the cleanliness programmes conducted.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Meghalaya Police have released two men who were kidnapped by the suspects, Bah Ben G Langstieh of Mawprem and Bah Ben G Langstieh of Mawprem. Ilotstar Lyngkhoi is from Mairang.
717 houses were burnt down, 5623 homeless people were burnt down, 642 houses were looted, according to the information received since the beginning of the protest. on 3January 2023 onwards.
These great deeds of Bah Ian Lyngdoh Nongkynrih were highly appreciated and it was judged that he deserved to receive that title.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa is a draft of the political parties with a view to the upcoming elections and will be published and disseminated to the public.
“The world is watching India's growth with surprise because India's influence has now increased.
“We are very worried, because we don't have the opportunity to inform our family.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Out of the three District Councils in Meghalaya, KHADC, GHADC and JHADC, only KHADC has been able to provide staff.
The seizure was made after conducting a search operation on a tip-off.
The meeting was concluded with the distribution of equipment and a drink.
On 21.06.2019, a meeting was held between the Chief Secretaries of the two states and during the meeting they decided that if there is any incident, they will talk first between the Officers Incharge of the two states. On the part of the police, if they cannot resolve, it will reach the District authorities, if it does not resolve, it will reach the level of Chief Secretaries and the level of Prime Ministers.
Police on receipt of the complaint have arrested Paul Leong and Kimfa Marbaniang as well as seven foreigners suspected of involvement. other involved.
Meanwhile, in Mawthabah, the work has started only in the digging of the wells and then it has stopped until now.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA Shillong West said that in his memory, this is the first time that this day has been celebrated by all the people of Shillong West. .
Regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival, which is scheduled to end on Tuesday, the MUCF urges the government to postpone the end date to another day in respect of the feelings of the people. many without affecting the worship of others.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Guwahati, July 23: Chairman of the National Democratic Front (NDFB) Ranjan Daimary today was released on bail from Guwahati Central Jail.
However, it was later found that there were weapons that could cause injury to the Congress vehicles and they were taking pictures, said Miani D Shira.
All these colleges have all three streams, namely Arts Stream, Science Stream and Commerce Stream.
This was stated by the General Secretary of the KSU Delhi Unit, Samla Nicholas Chyrmang.
He said that the office also wants to see that these works are completed because they have to send a letter to show that they have completed the work.
With the implementation of GST, the price of fertilizers will be the same across the country and with this action of the government will prevent the smuggling of fertilizers from one state to another. “One Country, One Market,” said Ananthkumar.
This will be my ninth trip to the UAE and my second trip to Qatar since 2014.
When contacted by the Lamphang of the KHADC, he did not respond.
This technology will also be used to provide all government employees with information about them from the date of work and rest time, when they will receive promotion. or the money they take from the government and their bank accounts and what government employees should receive.
In this regard, the Dorbar would like to demand from the KHADC and the State Government to set up a special TRIBUNAL to oversee and an impartial and non-party Court to oversee all Hima/Elaka affairs. except for these protests because of the differences.
Conrad also spoke on the construction of the Western Bypass at a cost of T.800 crore. The scheme was launched by the NPP party and 80% of this road falls under Sohiong. Constituency, said that once completed, this road will bring about change in the area.
Replying to a supplementary question by Zenith M Sangma, the Chief Minister said that there is no confusion among the people, but this decision has shown that the land belongs to the land owners. to work requires a permit because it has to protect the environment and the safety of the coal workers.
The union said that the lack of fire extinguisher when there is a fire incident, the residents face many problems.
At the same time, the Chief Minister urged the people to be calm, in order to bring peace and stability in the area.
On the other hand, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP candidate from Shillong LS, congratulated the people who have supported him in the last election. The party has not reached the goal of victory but the people have given their trust to the party.
The office of the Shillong Municipal Board has been moved to the buildings built to accommodate the residents of Themetor and now the office of the Shillong Municipal Board has been relocated. SMB from there.
When asked what the government has done on the announcement of the EIA, 2020, the Minister said that the government has already sent a letter to the central government. the 45-day public hearing should be maintained and not reduced to 40 days and the notice.
Syiem Tirot Singh Syiem is an example for us to follow by looking at his soul.
The problem is in terms of land, the central government wants to get the land and this has created a problem because in this state the land does not belong to the government.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Rani said he questioned whether the lack of vacancies in the Secretariat does not affect the promotion or employment. students.
No.9615294847.
When asked, the DC said, “At present, (no bail has been issued) as the case is pending before the Court and the Court has fixed a date of 27th June to issue the verdict. .
Infotainment Influencer was born on Channel Technology Khasi.
“I once again congratulate the NCB and other groups who have contributed to work for the goal of the Mdoi Government and I hope that we will not rest until we win this fight against drugs.
On the other hand, the market residents said that they don't know who planted the three paia in the area and when they sent the contractor to find out who gave permission, he didn't come to the area. The Hima has decided to cut off the paia.
He highlighted the work that the previous leaders have done for the state despite many difficulties they faced at that time.
“We have looked after the MLA and the Engineers for the smooth running of the road and the village will work together and also to follow up for the for the benefit of the village as a whole," he said.
The Shillong Municipal Board has not yet received its full office since it handed over its land on Jail Road to Maxim Infrastructure and Real Estate Private Ltd (MIREPL) to build a hotel on the site. .
The Government believes in setting goals and achieving them ahead of schedule.
Shillong, July 16: The attempt by the army to rape the residents of Mawshbuit ha has continued after the army started inspecting and clearing the area where they The inhabitants of this area used to farm.
Regarding the Umiam Stage III and Stage IV power plants, it was recalled that in each stage there are two power plants and in these power plants one power plant is lost. and it remained for a year, and this caused a great loss.
Differentiated Program Code and Advertisement Code: It allows for a different view of the Program and Advertisement Code in different services and requires self-inclusion in different programs by broadcasters and strong measures to programs should not be released.
In the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Dkhar, in the presence of the ADC, requested the members of the CCIB and the land owners not to interfere in this regard. and the re-inspection of the shiah mining sites on the border with Bangladesh.
The state government set up the commission on 01 July 2016 and today exactly one year later the commission under the leadership of PJ Bazely has submitted its report to the government.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) will hold a public rally on 22nd October 2022 at 11:00 am in East Jaintia Hills District.
The JSU has sent a letter to the Minister of Law James Samgma, the Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui, the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, all the MLAs of Jaintia Hills and also the MP of the Lok Sabha Vincent Pala. and MP of the Rajya Sabha WR Kharlukhi today 16/9/2
Kitborlong said the accusation against the people is groundless because on the 24th of this month there was a meeting between Prestone Tynsong, party leader Dr WR Kharlukhi and State President Martin. Ranikor Block President German Nongsiang, NPP SWKH District President Kitborlang and Ranikor Block Leaders Jotin Khardewsaw were also present at the meeting. to the NPP Ranikor Block.
The curfew will be resumed after 7.00 pm at the two police stations, Sardar Police Station, Beat House and Outpost. The incident occurred at Lumdiengjri Police Station until further notice, the District Magistrate said.
Shillong, July 30: The Chief Commissioner of Excise, Customs and Service Tax, Shillong, who is in charge of the North East, SK Panda, today said that once the Goods and Services Tax is implemented, (GST) Sale Tax gates will no longer be on the roads.
For those who have already booked a date, the date can be changed only once. If those who have already booked a date do not appear on the scheduled date, they will not be allowed to apply for another day. the money they have already deposited will be cancelled.
We don't know whether he is a thief or a robber because we don't have the right to judge.
Opportunities to obtain Aadhaar cards and also to renew cards that people already have.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today presented the budget in Parliament for the fiscal year 2020-2 who are responsible for the welfare of all the citizens of the country.
The most terrible thing is that even the thieves, robbers and money launderers are lucky in this market because they too earn the same rights as others but they should learn. to be careful of your own money, property or property lest your rights be stolen by others.
No.8575860615, Riangdo Fastinity Wanniang Ph.
Police said that the arrested suspect was identified as Bah Pyndapborlang Mylliemngap, 30, of Smit Mawmluh. A complaint has been registered against him at Mawlai Police Station.
Tura, January 18: In the heart of Nongstoin, located in West Khasi Hills a hidden gem was discovered in the form of Mebanrilang Lyngdoh Marshillong, a passionate 17-year-old young individual who stumbled upon his love for Callisthenics (an artistic sport that combines dancing, gymnastics, ballet, and apparatus work) through online videos.
The 2nd edition of the Kelvin Cinema Festival 2023 will be held on the 9th, 10th and 11th November 2023 at the SoSo Tham Auditorium Shillong. The festival was sponsored by Shankar Lall Goenka and Jeevan Ram Mungidevi Goenka in collaboration with Fraternity Art Cine Entertainment, Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said, “I have sent my resignation letter from my post on 7th October 2022, it is on this basis that I will attend the NPP party meeting on 10th October it is no longer my duty to accept or not to accept it.
The lawyers who appeared on behalf of the plaintiff were Robin Ratnakar David, Pramod Singh, Tehmina Ram Arora, Febin Mathew Verghese, Vivek Oriel and Esha Shekhar.
They have already decided to form a government only with allies of the NEDA(NDA) like the NPP in order to seize power at will.
He said that since the district council was established in the state, many people have fought to protect the rights of the indigenous people.
Among these three demands which the government promised to implement during the Union's mass protest, the Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister and Bah AL Hek as Minister I /c The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is implementing only two projects, namely the implementation of the Ialong Civil Hospital which has been operating since August this year and the construction of the Civil Hospital in Jowai which is currently underway. They have forgotten to force the Central Government to issue the license even after the equipment and staff are sufficient.
According to the HYC, the strike will last for three days, from the 7th to the 9th.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Secretary RV Suchiang, Commissioner and Secretary, Culture and Heritage Department, Bah CVD Diengdoh. of the A'chik Literary Society.
He said that his ministry is not for himself but for the people.
The meeting will be attended by three members of the BDG led by Md Zakir Hossain, NDc, PSc and three members of the BSF led by Kuldeep Sani, Inspector General, Meghalaya. Frontier.
The Kiew Pyneh Rngiew was conducted by the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee under the supervision of the Seng Khasi (Kmie).
Shillong, July 05: The Assam Riffle Regimental Center (ARC) has celebrated the Environment Day by planting trees for two days inside the premises of the Assam Riffle Regimental Centre.
They also expressed their deep concern that the same school has urged all parents to pay the school fees by the 1st of July.
This means that after those 3 months or 12 months, these people are no longer citizens of Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister said that the government is ready to talk and find ways and means how to improve the work of the Prime Minister. influx of foreigners into the state.
Shillong, May 25 : Meghalaya is expected to face particularly severe weather conditions, with isolated extremely heavy rainfall likely from the night of 26 May upto 28 May.
On the other hand, the HYC has alleged that after the PDF came to power, the trading license has been issued.
The KSU NKHD Unit also wishes all the residents of Ri-Bhoi District who are in their own jobs or in government offices to continue to work hard for the development of the country and to be an example. not good for other citizens.
Bha PN Syiem hopes that this bill will get the approval of the Governor soon so that these youth organizations can operate as stipulated in this bill.
The party has sent the names of 151 members of the party and the party is now waiting for a reply from the government for the assistance of these members from the government.
Seeing this, the police chased her away and the driver of the vehicle collided with the police vehicle. In this collision, the driver of the vehicle fled the scene and left the passengers behind.
MeECL has also been affected by the fact that the Congress government has not helped the corporation to pay the terminal benefit of T.844 crore and MeECL has had to pay this money to the corporation. employees this is also one of the causes of the problem.
Jowai, July 16: U Dr RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Eco-Friendly Crematorium at Mukhla village.
Out of these 30 bikes, 15 belong to the Jaanbaaz Motor Cycle Team and 15 belong to the Jaanbaaz Motor Cycle Team. 15 wins for Seema Bhawani Motor Cycle Team.
Many other colleges, such as Lady Keane, Shillong College, St. Anthony's, Sanker Dev and Women's College, also attended the tournament.
“We also urge the police and the Hon'ble Courts in the state who are in charge of investigating all these terrible crimes to work hard to curb this terrible crime which has affected the lives of women, children, society and the nation by immediately arresting all those wild animals and also to expedite the trial of such cases and also to punish severely all. those wild beasts have done this work.
Jowai, July 19: The JYF&JSU has received a complaint from many churches who have come to the JYF&JSU to report that the students who have passed well in various courses of They don't need any leaders to help them get jobs in any department even if they have passed the interviews like the DSC. JSU Sengkmie has decided to demand immediately from the JHADC to immediately dismiss the people whom it has appointed to work in various departments without calling for advertisement or interview, through the media. The assistance to the public, especially to the job seekers who are now living at home after completing their studies, is true that we have seen with our own eyes that the JHADC has JHADC has done too much in the recruitment process in which its employees who have worked before have not even got a seat to sit because the recruitment has been beyond the authority of the JHADC. Emperor Bareh General Secretary of the JSU Sengkmie said that the MDC election 2014 will be held in the country.
The purpose of this award is to encourage the students of the area to have a goal in their studies to improve in all aspects.
Shillong, November 17: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in Baghmara today seized a Bolero Picup carrying nine cows which had fled to Bangladesh.
The MLA was accompanied by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah John Kharkongngor and members of the Executive Committee of Umphyrnai Dorbar Shnong.
They are Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat as President, Diverland Lyngdoh as Working President, YG Lyngdoh and Wallam Syiemiong as Vice President, Elbok Wanniang as Assistant Secretary and three others from Ranikor, Langrin and Umdohlun as Assistant Secretaries. , Bah Treling Marwein as Treasurer cum Finance Secretary, and Bah R.Lyngdoh, Bah N.Syiemiong and nine members from all over the Clubs-Sports Association as Executive Members and Executive Members. Treasury Officer, Mawkyrwat as Auditor.
In the last two years, the government has been struggling to strengthen this working method across the state by ensuring that these organizations should receive the funds to work with these organizations. The organizations should get loans from banks and the government has increased the loans and so on to the households every year.
" Go to Reachingson in the morning.
They said that the collapse of the tower happened at about 11:00 pm when many people were eating and when they heard a loud noise and when they looked at the tower near the JN Stadium. Wahumkhrah fell to Shillong.
Speaking to media after filing the FIR, Hek said that since the incident, at least 900 people have come to his house from all over the country. people.
The Seng has requested all the members of the Khasi Hills to attend this day and urged them to invite others to attend this day. This discussion will be a great warning about the deity and origin of the Khasi people.
However, only after a few years after the work of the youths became successful in this field, foreign companies like Amrit Poultry and Sona Poultry which used to export chickens started selling. Ri Bhoi District has started this business with the aim of reducing the price of syiar in the state where the youth of this state. It is difficult to compete with these foreign companies.
The union has also submitted a petition to AL Hek Minister of Health in 2020, James Sangma Minister of Health in 2021 and Ram Kumar, Director of Health in NHM and Dr. Aman War, Director of DHS(MI) and MLA of the constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The floods in West Garo Hills, Selsella and Demdema C&RD Block have affected about 110,000 lakh people, according to Ram Singh Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills. in West Garo Hills District.
The Dy CEM said that the council (JHADC) has the right to issue this certificate to the public who need it for the purpose of receiving loans from banks. Council which looks after the land of Shyiap under the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
In his speech, Donald V Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie stressed that the 443km border between India and Bangladesh has allowed these foreigners to enter the state safely. The Government of India without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnongs has accepted these powers and placed them in Rynjah, Jailroad, Laban.
In this regard, the Minister urged the people to cooperate with the government.
“We urge the non-Khasi people to appreciate the fact that the Khasi people have continued to fight for their rights for more than 76 years (1948-2024) in which they have suffered. problems from trade and political interference by foreigners and from the failure to implement the country's commitment to the agreement in terms of the Annexed Agreement within the framework of the Instrument of Accession which has been signed and approved by the Government of India and the Khasi people for 76 years,” said Bah Dkhar in a petition sent to the DC. The Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Government of India have sent a directive to incorporate the provisions of the Annexed Agreement into the Constitution of the country but so far the Central Government and the Government have refused to do so. They have violated Article 338A of the Constitution of India,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Police have arrested three persons from Amlarem, three from Pynursla and one from Shallang.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Secretary to the Union Water Resources Department, Debashree Mukherjee, said that the two-day meeting was aimed at improving and using water.
Now if there are those who are qualified to teach but according to the rule they have to complete the b.
The players of Shillong Lajong FC who came out to take part in the tournament were Lalthuammawia Ralte, Vinay Singh, Mincholson, Kh.
: As a continuation of the goal of taking action in the care and preservation of Mother Mary (forests, hills and creatures within it) as usual in the months of July-November every year, the “ The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) has planted another tree in West Khasi Hills District in the presence of the General Secretary of the Central Body (SSSS) Bah Vanshan 'Buhphang and members of the Central Body Bah AS Iawphniaw Bah R Syiem and Bah E.Marbhniang in collaboration with the Social Forestry Department on 29th July 2013 planted trees at Mawthungkpeh village in the presence of the Sirdar, Rangbah Shnong and Executive Member of the Village Youth Association.
This means that other ethnic groups who do not understand even the Khasi language and who do not have any knowledge of the customs and traditions of the Khasi people can become MDCs, can they serve us and If they are like the MDCs of KHADC, they will not understand the value of our Jaidbynriew.
The MLAs and MDCs were also requested to cooperate with the District Administration to ensure that there is no shortage of food items.
It is said that the river has turned from blue to blue since the 5th of this month.
Bah PN Syiem should have resigned completely from the post of MLA and survived the war and the Congress would have started building the PDF in transparency, but now all the activities are secret.
At the same time, the company should take all necessary measures to stop the sale of this book to the students.
Therefore, the union urges the police department to request work permits from all foreigners and their contractors and if they do not have them, they should be returned from their place of origin or punished. according to the rules of law.
The visit was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Shillong in collaboration with the Press Information Bureau, Bhubaneswar under the auspices of the Information & Broadcasting Department, Government of India with the aim of providing more information on the schemes. , special projects and initiatives of the Federal Government.
At present, the District Councils have not passed any law in this regard.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said the government has accepted many of the demands of the party, including the increase in the number of members of the Garo Hills Autonomous. District Council from 30 to 35 members and others.
At the same time, the meeting strongly condemned the killing of innocent people.
He also appealed to the youth of the State to be prepared in the coming years as the State Government cannot appeal to the Central Government to release the youth from CUTE. especially for colleges affiliated to Central Universities.
On the other hand, the Mawsynram MLA urged the Deputy Commissioner to send food items to the affected villages.
: BJP Spokesperson M.Kharkrang on Friday said that it would be better if the MLA who has served for seven terms from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Alexander L.Hek who is also a Minister of State, would He has been elected as the candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
In a petition sent to the Regional Director of NIOS, the union also requested to set up awareness programs or roadshows as has been done in other districts.
Shillong, November 19: Regarding the order of the Chief Secretary of AIM, Meghalaya issued on 16/12/2021, the AIM, Meghalaya has clarified that according to an affidavit in the Supreme Court, The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on 28/11/2021 said that the vaccination against covid-19 is voluntary but not mandatory.
He said that he is pleased to see that there are many good organizations working in the region in these three states, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram. They were asked to submit a written request to take action.
The President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, KB Dkhar, swore in the office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, while the members of the Executive Committee were sworn in. The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the General Secretary of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Hamjhan Dkhar.
The Wasan thanked and prayed that Tre Kirot would bless the family in all aspects from work and health.
Congratulations to Team Meghalaya for their outstanding performance and bringing home the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 championship.
The election campaign period should be in accordance with the time set by the relevant government authorities, and also that the environment should not be polluted during the election campaign.
Four more persons were arrested from Mawpren and 20 boxes of heroin weighing 268.71 grams were seized from them. Seven mobile phones, T.6.87 lakh, 25 used thyrnia and 60 unused thyrnia were seized.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Saturday honored 104 students who passed well in the year 2020-2
Shillong, Lber 17: The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, in reply to a question by Bah Phlastingwell Pangniang whether it is true or not that the government has recognized Thomas Jones as the father. The Minister said that the government has not yet recognized the Khasi characters.
During this session, it will also be possible to determine whether the student is eligible for admission to the standard B-school.
Their protest was against the lack of salary for four months.
Shillong, June 29 : As the monthly radio program of the Prime Minister reaches its 100th episode, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is preparing to broadcast the program live at all Raj Bhavans of the country. on June 30, 2023.
Shillong, July 29: Despite the opposition from all sides regarding the government's desire to purchase land for the New Shillong Township, the Meghalaya government has agreed to discuss the issue.
The Final Draft of the NRC in Assam will be released on 30th November
He said that the smuggling of money from people will be limited to T.50,000 tyngka and if found more than that, questions will be asked.
The NPP leader today held three public meetings in East Garo Hills, Williamnagar, Rongsak and Rombagre. The voice of the people is louder than the AK 47 rifles.
According to the complaint lodged by the relatives of the two victims, the killing took place during the protests against the CAA in Ichamati.
In Shillong, the government has decided to close down all bars, beauty salons, bars, cinemas, bars, restaurants and bars from from the 23rd to the 30th of June.
Since the appointment of Chief Minister, (L)Capt.
On the other hand , the DGP expressed her gratitude to the Lat for providing services to the state the public.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet, Bah Bosewell Khongthohrem was also present.
The price increase for two wheelers is T.599/- , for three wheelers is T.999/- and for heavy vehicles is T.1458/- for the number plate.
He said that as an MDC of this area, he demands that the government should set up an AD Camp of police to provide security to the market visitors. MDC Silkigre Constituency.
East Jaintia Hills still has many shortcomings from hospitals, schools and government colleges and other shortcomings.
Shillong, June 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today congratulated Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita for donating Rs 100,000 to the Meghalaya Chief Minister's Relief Fund.
Shillong, July 17: The Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the department will focus on the villagers on how to provide pain khana to every household.
Wapungskur, July 06: The MSCSO, under the leadership of Shaniahskhem Dkhar, President and Reachingson Siangshai, Chairman of the MSCSO and other leaders of the MSCSO, has held a meeting. and the leaders met with the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
