Shillong, Lber 16: The High Court of Meghalaya today ruled that the election for the election of Chairman and CEM of the KHADC should be postponed according to the notice issued on the 13th of this month. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that the jail in Tura is full of prisoners and there is a danger if these members are left in the jail. can you be confused.
: the mutka is not covered with a blanket.
“I have just finished sending a letter to the Party.
Shillong, Lber 10: Unidentified persons today set fire to the bridge at Umsnar near Nonglait village before reaching Nongtrai village under Mawsynram police station.
However, we worked hard to fix the problems.
Ministers from five states/union territories including Assam, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Meghalaya and Tamil Nadu attended the meeting, while each state sent secretaries of food departments.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The BSF troops in Meghalaya have conducted the Fit India Freedom Run in Meghalaya and Tura with the participation of 400 people.
“Ka seng also urges the State Government to monitor and gather information whether there are such illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan in the State and if there are any, they should be sent back. to their respective countries because not only is it illegal for them to live here, but it also puts our nation at risk,” said the statement.
When asked, “there is a limit that we have to think about only allowing which people can open their shops after 10 pm.
There have been 690 recoveries from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 32471 so far.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has strongly condemned the foreign employees of MCL, Top Cem, who allegedly caused the shooting and bombing of the public from children and MPCB, Government of Meghalaya, on 24.08.2023 This public awareness campaign for the purpose of increasing the production of clinker and cement of this is the Company.
The Prime Minister has made it clear that he does not want to accuse anyone but when accused he has to answer.
Shillong, July 24: BSF troops from Battalion 110 Bn on receiving a tip-off raided the Bangladesh border road at Bhalaganj in East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
The Minister said she has directed the department to write to MUDA to immediately order the reservation of special seats for the disabled in JNURM government buses. (SP News) .
He informed that the automobile industry, which was worth Rs 5 lakh crore fifteen years ago, is worth more than Rs 12 lakh crore now.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the people of the country are happy now because the incidents of violence by the insurgents have decreased.
He also strongly criticized the civil society groups who accept the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act which is worse than the CAB, which was passed by the Congress government and implemented by the NPP government. This Act should be repealed because it makes it easier for people to enter the state and not to protect the nation.
There are 28 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 9 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from North Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 7 from West Garo Hills. There are 91,699 recoveries in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang, 1: The Transport Department today said that the price of number plates of vehicles, from two wheelers to heavy vehicles, has been increased.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Trinity Saioo, a mother of six children including three sons and three daughters, lives in Mulieh village in West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
The President of KSU TYrsad Circle, Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani, said that the first objective of the KSU TYrsad Circle is to encourage the students to continue their studies. thong, they shall not be ashamed.
The Chief Minister said the HLC is not yet preparing the report to send to the government and once the government has received the report from the HLC it will look into what to do for the best of all.
The first is monitoring prevention by ensuring that there are no new cases while the second is monitoring the provision of treatment and meeting the needs of people with the disease.
Shillong, July 29: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today issued a directive in accordance with the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya that anyone who tries to mislead individuals or groups of Tika vaccination should inform the court.
The Sesame Workshop has also been providing education to children through games around the world for more than 50 years and has seen changes.
Police have received a tip that a drug dealer Abdul Aziz Barbhuiya, 35, was leaving Kalain for Guwahati in a vehicle number As-24-D-2 When I reached Lumshong, I was able to catch this car.
Umroh Sports Club has awarded cash prize of Rs 10,000,000, running trophy and medals to the winners while cash prize of Rs 5,000,000 and medals to the winners.
Speaking on the occasion, Governor Banwarilal Purohit as the chief supporter of the MBSG said that the purpose of the group is to train the youth to serve the community.
On the other hand, the HSPDP will not stand idly by to fight for the rights of the people living on the border with Assam.
These vehicles are not only private and commercial vehicles, but also police vehicles, vehicles of government officers and especially ambulance vehicles.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Ka Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar today celebrated the 124th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi which was founded by 16 elders in 1899 to protect the traditional religion. known as the End of the Year Association.
It is expected that between 12-18 months, we will be able to achieve a transformation in Marten.
There are 501 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 162 in West Jaintia Hills and 86 in West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries is 58,4 to date in the entire state.
The Minister said that the lockdown is not a protective measure but only one of the measures to slow down the spread of COVID-19. The lockdown is not the answer to the problems.
Bah HS Shylla urged the Government not to withhold the salaries of government employees if possible as everyone has faced the same problem.
The K-9 Unit was led by Inspector Sagar Sharma along with the dogs which were used to smuggle illegal drugs. The dogs were used by the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF). , East Khasi Hills District during a raid on drug traffickers.
He thanked all the members who have supported him and his family who have supported him day and night throughout his time.
Shillong, March 23: The Durga Puja celebrations this year started on the 21st and will end tomorrow morning with the installation of idols. The Akhara in Garikhana was built by the Chandrayaan-III spacecraft that India launched on the moon.
The TMC will release all its candidates for the second phase of the MLA elections and the AITC will confirm that it will nominate candidates from all 60 constituencies. Constitution.
Dos and Don'ts When Traveling :- • Observe weather alerts when you have to go for any activities outside your home.
Other documents were also received stating that other demands of the union including the salary increase of the 4th Teachers, the result of Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the BJP party, for often thinking for the welfare of the people, especially in relation to education, because even the Mid Day meal is also available.
The project should benefit especially the people of West and East Jaintia Hills District, said the JAC. “It will be one of the villages that will be affected by the construction of the dam in the coming days,” said the JAC. A 27-year-old man from Mawprem, Shillong has fallen from the Umtyngar Bridge into the river on the 10th June, 2023 at about 7 pm.
Regarding the people working in these fields, Minister Duh said that more than 260 new medical colleges have been opened in the past years.
During the meeting, Alagh and Prof. Mahanta discussed with the Governor of Meghalaya to promote NIT education in Meghalaya for the benefit of the students.
So far, the state has received 64458 PPEs, 3-ply masks, 5,10,000 N95 masks and 65190 masks.
The meeting was opened by the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Deborah C. Marak.
The State Government has directed that the Tribe Certificate is required for the villages within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in connection with the issuance of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes certificate. in Meghalaya.
The suspect was arrested in a Maruti Car.
2024 calendars, brochures and other publications providing information on schemes for the welfare and development of the people in the area were also distributed.
On the other hand, the Seng hopes that this ritual according to the old customs and traditions of Mynba will show to the world that our Jaitbynriew is a living Jaitbynriew and can follow the rules of the past. -long ku-mah has left a mark on those who are now.
The bridge has been lost and now vehicles heading to Ranikor area have to pass through the BSF road known as the Border Road.
“(She promised) to meet with the officers of the Union Health Ministry to resolve this issue and to request that all the applicants from the state should have the opportunity to write the examination at the Centers in the state. " he said, informing the Minister's statement.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today convened a meeting of all MDCs to discuss the government's desire to implement the Code of Criminal Procedure. the Criminal Procedure Code”.
In the fiscal year 2019-20, T.338.01 crore has been released.
Others who attended the ceremony were the Chief of Police of Sohiong Police Outpost, Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, school children, teachers and parents of the victims. KSU Sohiong Circle.
For this reason, it has been arranged that there will be a registration process, which has reduced the fee for the participants under the Sohra Civil Subdivision.
Many of the residents who passed by have questioned whether the Shillong Municipal Board, which has put up signboards in Khyndailad, is not allowed to dump garbage, while the government vehicles have turned into garbage dumps.
This will reduce the problems in terms of hospital services and also reduce the cost of living.
The main topics discussed at the meeting were roads, lack of banks, lack of mobile and telephones and other schemes belonging to the central government and the State Government which have been implemented within the District.
Mawlangwir Dorbar Shnong, Markyrwat Dorbar Shnong, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mrs. Rapbor Kharbihkhiew, EAC & BDO, South West Khasi Hills District, Dr W N War, District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Dr V Nongbet, Senior Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
The HNYF through K.Skan Rani Vice President HNYF Central Body, Shillong invites the people of Hynniewtrep to join hands in this rally against the NDA Government's acceptance of this. The Bill in Parliament without thinking of us the Khasi people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep who are the small hill tribes and also the people of North East.
In this meeting, the Chief Minister of Manipur, after listening to the complaint of the KSU, immediately phoned the Deputy Commissioner of Tamenglong and ordered that those poiei kharbang who came to build houses should be removed immediately. beaiñ in the Khasi land.
At this meeting, the three District Councils requested for two days to sit and they will meet again with the government with their recommendations to the government when they meet again.
Besides, he urged the State Government to take action for the improvement of the Umtyngngar-Sohra road by saying that the improvement of this road has been going on since 2012 through Special Plan Assistance.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that eight persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, one in East Khasi Hills and two in South West Garo Hills. , West Jaintia Hills 3 people.
Pankaj Kumar is an IAS from Gujarat in 1986 and before joining the Lokpal he was the Chief Secretary of Gujarat.
Williamnagar, Naitung 25: A member of the GNLA who escaped from the hands of the police after they arrested a socrpio carrying ammunition from Dimapur today left. to surrender before the Willianmagar police.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today introduced the Meghalaya Minerals Ces (Amendment) Bill, 2020. but after receiving the explanation from the Chief Minister, they have passed the Bill.
Also present was Bah GM Bruce Sawkmie, Chairman of the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah Pyllun who also gave advice and encouragement to the youth to be knowledgeable.
Among the four MLAs who spoke at the rally were Bah AL Hek who left the BJP in 2009 and joined the Congress and has now returned to the BJP after Sanbor Shullai, Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, was also present.
At the same time, the party would like to thank the BDO, the officers of Mawsynram Block, the Magistrate of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District and the MLA/MDC of the constituency Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. They rushed to these villages to visit those families who are suffering.
In memory of Crystal Gayle, Bah N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Shillong, spoke about his experience in the field of music which has touched his heart. .
That night, we got the phone call and headed out.
The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, Bah Blikshon Sohtun, said that the sudden storm has affected many families who have been left homeless due to the storm. destroy their homes.
They said that they want to join Meghalaya and even before this MOC election these people have boycotted the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Bah Pynshngian Syiem today resigned as Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) by sending his resignation letter to the Deputy Chairman, Bah Alvien Sawkmiew.
The arrival of farmers is not only from East Khasi Hills but from all over the Khasi Hills. between 2000 and 2500 kriah, polo shirt, coat or scarf.
Satly Ryngkhlem, Waheh Shnong, expressed his gratitude to the Dorbar Dong for organizing this program to honor the MDC. through the leaders, present and former, who worked together with the MDC for the purpose of bringing about development works and other areas in Moopyniein and Wapungskur Village as a whole.
There are 350 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 197 cases in East Khasi Hills, 33 cases in West Jaintia Hills. to 5843 people.
“After an hour, the situation at NEHU is very different.
Others who attended the function were Bah Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Ranikor, Bah Renik Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat and many other traders.
Modi said foreign investments in India have boosted production, expanded and established new industries, and boosted export activities, creating employment opportunities.
In this New Year greeting of AJYWO, the AJYWO also prays to God the Creator that through this New Year, He will bless all the children of Jaintia Hills and the Bri U Hynniewtrep. trep so that they may be healthy, live in peace, prosper, prosper, with happiness and also, that they may grow in income and prosper in all aspects of life. their lives.
The BSF delegation was led by Sudhir Kumar Srivastava, IG, BSF Guwahati, Anil Kumar, IPS, IG, BSF Meghalaya, BN Sharma, IG, BSF, Tripura and other senior army officers from the region. The meeting was also attended by BSF officials from Delhi and the Ministry of Home Affairs of India.
Therefore, the Seng encourages and motivates those who are still in the middle of their studies and urges them to work hard to reap the fruits of victory.
After the House passed a resolution in 2012 to demand from the Central Government to set up a Boundary Commission to resolve the border issues between the two states. for many many years.
He said that he wants this happy moment of public gathering to be a peace for the Bodo people.
Others who have received only one and three Concern to Establishment letters are still applying and others do not have any documents. one of those who have received CTE has been allowed to continue to start work on the construction of houses for the accommodation of employees and those who have received CTO have been allowed to start work on task.
If this struggle for government jobs really starts, the relationship between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo peoples will become farther and farther away and the time will come when they may even separate by giving up. in your own state.
There are also more dangerous situations that guests do.
This was announced by the Chief Minister on Twitter after a meeting in Jowai.
Three pistols, nine wireless phones, one clamor mine, two grenades and 130 rounds of ammunition were seized from the scene. bullets from an unused AK rifle.
: “The Karbi attack on the Pnar people of Lapangap village with bird shooting knives and spears shows the desire of the Karbi to shed blood,” said the KHNAM. In a statement sent to the media, the Working President of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Bah Thomas Passah.
Her visit to Meghalaya is to meet with the army chiefs in charge of Meghalaya regarding the border security between Bangladesh and Meghalaya to ensure that it will be free from illegal activities, the ADG said. I would like to thank the BSF for their hard work.
The reason for the closure of this road is to repair it now.
Modi stressed that it is clear that measures such as social distancing, wearing of masks and vaccination are working.
She congratulated the people of Ampati for giving her this confidence in carrying out this lyngkor and in this speech in front of the people she promised to continue to work for the welfare of Ampati. the public.
The CSP will be operated by KKSCO and will use the internet and Kiost Banking Software of SBI. They have also introduced a scheme whereby those people who come from poor families can deposit T.100 per annum and if there is an accident or death in the city. In case of accidental death, the bank will provide insurance of T.4 lakh to the family.
On the other hand, Dr. Thangkhiew urged the people of Meghalaya to take precautionary measures especially those related to health which the government has provided through the MHIS card for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya. their.
“We are proud to work with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya to launch this campaign which will bring about change in Ri Bhoi District.
The SP said that if anyone is found to have links with the HNLC, they will be arrested and prosecuted under strict legal provisions.
He also urged the youth to accept the selflessness and nationality as taught by Swami Vivekananda.
The chief guests who attended the function were the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh O. Pyngrope and Rgh Hainess Marbaniang.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government is now preparing to encourage the farmers to cultivate the crops which the government will be preparing and these crops will be purchased from the farmers.
On the other hand, he will file a PIL against the SMB as mentioned at the public meeting if they fail to provide water within two days.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong Unions and these Bhalangki organizations said that this day should be celebrated.
In his speech, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, who was the chief guest, paid tribute to Swami Vivekananda.
The Bank also held a ceremony to honor the students who passed well in the MBOSE and NEHU examinations in Nongmynsong, by the DGAR branch of SBI, while in Tura by the DGAR branch of SBI. SBI has distributed drinking water filters to the students living inside the NEHU Campus in Tura.
The KSU does not want Ri Kahsi to be like Assam or Tripura.
V.D.Diengdoh said that this will be effective from the date of assumption of office until further notice.
The union strongly demands that the government cannot accept such a job at such a critical time, so why should the government in fact think first of the brothers and sisters from the employees or the employees? out-of-state students who wish to return to their home state or family.
“Through the blessings of Baba Vishwanath, the blessings of Maa Ganga, the faith of the people of Kashi, the work of distributing tika medicines is going on,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Vice Chancellor of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Professor Krishna Srivastava. The president of the party, Bah Daniel.
The Meghalaya government has taken this decision due to the high number of cases of COVID-19 in Guwahati, which is close to the villages in Meghalaya. the closure will run until May 15th.
On the other hand, the police urged the public to cooperate in the fight against this crime as the police alone cannot do anything without the cooperation of the public.
The tobacco use in Meghalaya is 47%, 59.8% for men and 34.2% for women.
Shillong, March 12: U Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh EM in charge of Land within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in reply to a question by Bah D Wanlang in the House today said that the KHADC register the land of persons on the border with the State when they come to the District Council.
Many rural areas don't have medicines, they don't have doctors," he said.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, said that they have decided to allow the owners of land which does not fall within 11 meters of the land. The government has decided to send a letter to the KHADC through the Sirdar Shnongs what they have to say about this.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday said that the party will not cooperate with the Meghalaya People's Front (MPP) in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that preparations have been made in Parliament and that the affairs of the country have not been allowed to stop in the Legislative Assembly.
However, I don't think these roads will be as bad as the road in Umden until Fou Wheel vehicles run,” said Bah Langstieh.
The protest was on six demands, namely, to implement a five-day working day, to increase the pension of those who have already retired.
The victory was announced after the Independence Day celebrations and the trophies and certificates were distributed by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to all three schools. schools.
Recalling the orders of the department issued on 29th November, 2020 which clearly stated the rules of Unlock-3, the department said that these rules clearly state that there will be no any restriction of movement within or between states for persons or goods.
Shillong, Naitung 02: U Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services, Meghalaya, in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the BSF troops cannot announce themselves. Only the State Government can announce the number of cases of COVID-1
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: KSU Lapangap Unit under the leadership of KSU Nartiang Circle President Samla Agostan Timung and General Secretary Samla Saikia Sumer and several members in the presence of Samla C. War General Secretary Samla Agostan Timung. he and other members.
We would like to ask the KHADC, on what basis did it accept the NOC signed by a foreigner as Rangbah Shnong? “This shows that the KHADC itself has violated the law of the Hima Mylliem and has issued Trade License through insufficient NOCs,” said KHNAM. “It has been found that the Council has been stingy in issuing Trade Licenses and there has been no proper implementation of the Trading by Non-Tribal Act 1954,” said the statement.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday visited a slum area outside Iewmawlong area on the border of Shillong Cantonment. Board (SCB) and Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Shillong, Jymmang 22: All India Trinamool Congress President Manata Banerjee today confirmed Charles Pyngrope as the State President of Meghalaya.
There are 85 recoveries, 95547 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 93265 people have recovered, 93265 people have died so far. to 1606 people.
There are three districts in East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, R. Muthu IPS, said that the incident happened at 10 pm on Tuesday. .
In his speech, Deputy Commissioner, Bah CVD Diengdoh, said that this assistance of the government is only to make them aware that they are not alone, on such a special day in their lives.
When informing the police, he urged the public to provide the number plate of the taxi so that the police in charge of driving can easily take action according to the law.
Former Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer on Tuesday lodged a complaint against former KHADC CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who is currently in charge of Nongkrem Constituency, on charges of involvement in the cultivation of rice. fraud, fraud and misuse of funds in connection with the purchase of land for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
After the Assam Government passed this Act, it set up an Evacuee Property Management Committee and the fees were paid to this committee during the Assam period.
The Seng urges the Government not to take action against the NOC of Mawsynram Village to doctors to set up Private Clinics and Pharmacies inside the CHC grounds.
Regarding the outbreak, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that the number of cases in the country has decreased. The fall has begun in these few days.
At present, the garbage and garbage from Mawkyrwat market has been collected and broken while it has been found that there is no proper garbage dump in the area.
This is the first religious magazine from Garo Hills published by the Church. The purpose of this magazine is to talk about the good of society and in the field of faith education.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Mutstar Wanshong, Treasurer of Mawkathein Village.
“I will not only support but also campaign for the Congress candidate Bah Jotin Khardewsaw. On this occasion, I urge all my supporters to support the Congress candidate. Martin M Danggo said.
The Cabinet also approved the service rule of the PWD department, in which 80% of the jobs should be appointed according to the route while 20% should be by promotion.
Shillong, July 18: The body of BSF soldier Satish Kumar Singh of Maudha, Ghaziabad, who died in an earthquake at Lalghat BoP, has been taken to Bagli BoP, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today. The Chief Minister said on Twitter that the body of the BSF soldier could not be brought to Shillong due to the cut off roads from Bagli to Shillong.
The village has also tried to inform the MLA/MDC but it has ended up in the information. However, the village has turned to the BDO of Mawlai Block. The BDO explained and informed them that the assistance will no longer be provided through the Block because such works have been taken over by the PHE department. ,The KSU Umrynjah Unit has informed the village leaders that they have such a plan and the village has immediately given them the land to build the bar which will soon be opened. on this day.
The KSU in a letter sent to the Director, has expressed its deep sorrow over this appointment without following the rules and regulations which has destroyed the trust of the youth from the District.
Shillong, Lber 24: The MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya is in turmoil.
On this occasion, a speech was delivered to commemorate the foundation of the Seng Kut Snem by 16 elders to protect the Riti Dustur from the invasion of foreign forces. day with traditional dances by groups from various branches.
Today, the CoMSO has had a meeting with the leaders of the parties within the group and unanimously decided not to stop and to continue fighting until the Government of India. listen and give us the ILP and to fulfill this aspiration of the Jaidbynriew and the State as a whole.
Shillong, March 17: U President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma today campaigned for the mid-term elections for the party candidate Abdus Saleh in the 47-Rajabala Assembly Constituency. in West Garo Hills District.
Some of the major art activities are: The Thoh Shun International Art Camp from 2005 to the present.
Congratulating IIM Shillong for holding this e-Symposium in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic, the chief guest, Prahlad Singh Patel, Minister of Culture and Tourism, Union Government, said: say, “A change in consciousness is more important than wealth.
Myntri Rangbah Duh visited the scene of the collision and also visited the hospital where the injured are undergoing treatment.
On the other hand, the JSU demands that the Chief Minister should immediately hand over the incident to the CBI for a fair trial. Two months have passed since the government promised to hand over the case to the CBI but the government has not yet released it.
: BSF troops patrolling the border have arrested two drug dealers and seized 356 bottles of drugs intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
At these two places, sports grounds and a village will be built to accommodate the athletes.
Shillong, July 28: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) today held a peace rally in Manipur. which is in the midst of the bloodshed.
Police have registered a case under Section No.60(03)2012 u/s 302 IPC and the investigation has been handed over to UBSI Bishnu Thapa.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Lady Keane College has won the winner of the Wooden Bolbering Competition held at Kharang Village. Shillong Momo Flavors has won the second prize and Annie Margaret Barr Children's has won the third prize. .
After the resignation of Saleng as MLA, there will be mid-term elections in Gambegre Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 06: The United Forum of Bank Unions (UBA) will hold a two-day strike on the 15th and 16th of this month across the country to protest against the proposed the government to hand over the government banks to the private sector.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla has introduced the Bills on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rules,
Many national parties have been completely demoted this time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government today issued a Model Code of Conduct for the mid-term elections to the two District Councils. the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) took part in the Academic Discourse on Article 370, after listening to the speakers. The meeting was attended by BJP Spokesperson Bansharailang Pyngrope, NSUI President BM Lanong, Adviser, UDP. Other participants included Professors from NEHU and Synod College who expressed their views on the repeal of Article 370, and also received views from Mr Khalid. Khan, a senior advocate, said that the four-member Constitutional Bench of the Supreme Court will hear the issue of Act 370 which is very difficult.
The house was damaged beyond repair by the earthquake in 1897 and the present house was rebuilt on the site of the collapsed house and completed in year 1903-1904.
He also spoke about the low-level electromagnetic field emanation from mobile towers.
Khasi Indigenous Foundation will continue to work hard in the future and those who have not reached their goal should not lose hope. face.
Shillong, March 27: The Garo Baptist Convention (GCC) today expressed its regret and regret that the Garo language has not been included in the list of 38 languages ​​to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. India is the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government.
Now, in the northeast, we are focusing specifically on building corridors of development, not borders of conflict," he said.
So far, 94,003 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 92,307 have recovered and 1,594 have died.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has closed down the revenue collection gate of the National Highway Authority of India from 8th July, 2023 after the KSU has not repaired the road at all. 6 which has deteriorated and caused inconvenience to the people in coming and going.
FKJGP, HNYF, AJYWO and commercial vehicle drivers' unions were also present to celebrate the day.
In 13-Mawryngkneng constituency, there are three candidates, in 24-Mawphlang, three, in 47-Rajabala, all the candidates are contesting. there are 13 people.
We are dedicated to the service of you people, without wasting a single moment.
To relieve the problems of the people living along the border with Bangladesh, the signboard will be installed in such villages, the signboard will be removed from the Zero Line so that the villages will be within the signboard. , the state governments have also been directed to provide land on the border for the construction of military facilities.
This includes 90% of people who have received both doses and 22.35 crore who have received precautionary doses.
If the ruling party wins the election, it will be of benefit to the GHADC in which it will be able to give its support, he said. the people in many ways.
Shillong, April 26: The written test for the post of Receptionist and Telephone Operator will be held on the 4th of June. The letters will go to meet the people in room No.201 of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
PRO of the Army Amit Shah said.
Prime Minister Duh said that India's strongest strength is the youth of the country.
On the other hand, the association welcomes the single lane road worth Rs 20 crore and also the proposal to send for the construction of roads in the areas where there is no traffic.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsohlang Village Council, Raid Iapngar, Ri-Bhoi District, has elected a new Rangbah Shnong and other office bearers.
Awards were also presented to four blocks which have worked to improve the quality of life under the PMAY-G scheme. The blocks that received awards are Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Mawsynram C&RD Block, Kharkhutta C&RD Block, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Chief Minister Whatsapp Base where the people can send their complaints without coming to meet him. which can be arranged in the government department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Bah Michele Kharsyntiew, you have this intention and you are ready to contest the MLA election in 2023 from the 17-Shillong North Constituency. If you win, what will you do because you have seen that Shillong has become too crowded, what is the way to manage Shillong to become more crowded than usual? Bah Michel Kharsyntiew, first of all I congratulate you and Thank you for taking the time to meet and enjoy the question, that question you asked is a very important issue for the city of Shillong as it is now.
In West Jaintia Hills, the CNI Church, Jowai also paid tribute to the souls of the deceased by laying flowers at the cemetery at Khliehïongriang, Jowai.
At this Diocese, the Catholic Church of Shillong also offered a Holy Mass for the souls of the deceased. Mass for the souls of the deceased in the presence of other Priests and thousands of relatives of the faithful buried at the church cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
BSF seized 12 more cows from Gaobari in South Garo Hills District while the smugglers were trying to smuggle them into Bangladesh but the smugglers managed to escape from their hands. At the same time, the BSF seized 63.87 Cft of timber from the Singsang River which was smuggled into Bangladesh. The BSF from time to time arrested the smugglers. illegal timber but the smuggling of timber to Bangladesh is still rampant.
Tapan Katkati, Chairman of the Association, in his speech, said that the award was taken based on what appears in the media about the work of the recipients, especially the media. who came from the countryside.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Administration, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the District Administration has allowed the civil society organizations to hold their own public meeting to discuss the ILP. day at Student Square.
He was a man who was ready to help the poor and needy especially those who were homeless and needy in times of trouble.
The funeral service will start at his residence in Mawlai Nonglum opposite Madan Weiking at 12.00 noon and the funeral service will be held at the cemetery of Mawlai Presbyterian Church.
On behalf of the Hima, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Chief Executive Members, Health Workers, ASHAs, teachers, students and others were present.
Earlier, there was a proposal to register Aadhar for foreign workers in Star Cement which was suspended by the Seng.
Shillong, March 26: Former NDC of Nartiang, Bah Hilarius Dkhar today joined the National People's Party (NPP). NPP President James Sangma, MLA, Wailad Miki Shylla and other party officials were also present.
Therefore, the farmers, because they don't need to trade abroad and need money before the end of the school year and also before the school year, have not received the money from these middlemen.
“India is a rapidly growing country in terms of income and universities and educational institutions have worked together to train young people to participate in income growth by taking advantage of them. “There are many opportunities involved in this increase in income,” he said.
Pariong also expressed his satisfaction that the office bearers of the All Meghalaya SSA Schools Teachers Association , another union of SSA teachers , have strongly opposed the implementation of these rules of the SSA due to their lack of knowledge of the norms of the SSA However, they have now welcomed and supported MSSASA on these demands which have helped and benefited the SSA teachers in the district and the state as a whole.
Shillong, November 19: The Mawlum Tyrsad Sports & Cultural Club on Tuesday inaugurated the 1st Sukmon Khongsit Memorial Trophy. ".
The helpline is expected to answer questions from employers and those who want to become apprentices.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah HS Shylla MDC and former CEM of KHADC today admitted that Bah PN Syiem CEM has gone to register a new party for the election. Commission of India, which he called the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
Later, only two members were allowed to enter inside the Secretariat, and after a few minutes, they returned and informed that they could only meet the MLA from Raliang, Coming One Ymbon, as the others were not in the office.
The parties in the MDA meeting are the UDP, PDF, BJP, HSPDP, NCP, KHNAM and independent MLAs like Bah Lambor Malngiang. They will discuss the problems they face and at the same time how to improve the work of the MDA government. The government has not raised the issues within the MDA because they are in the government which has led to differences of opinion among the leaders of the parties who are in the MDA government as it has appeared in the media.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Dr Manash Das Gupta, Dy Chairman, Dr (Smti.
The rich have become very rich, while the poor have become poor.
The problem is that 115 out of the 196 who have completed the training are over the age of recruitment.
Likewise, doctors, nurses, pastors and others.
The advice, under the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, prohibits the advertising, promotion and authorization of illegal activities prohibited under various laws.
The mother has not been able to speak due to the injuries she sustained in her throat. The incident happened on July 30, 2022 when her husband committed the crime despite the fact that they had been stabbed in the throat. The mother of the victim escaped from the scene.
Regarding the ban on coal mining, it is the government which has submitted an affidavit to the Supreme Court. “These activities of the NPP under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma have led to the merger with the NPP,” said Nehlang.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has strongly condemned the shooting death of the Tirong MLA. Aboh and seven others at Bogapani village in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh.
The purpose of the meeting was to clarify and get more information regarding the Reservation Roster.
This means that the flying squad immediately knows the location of the incidentand can use surveillance footage as evidence in court.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said that the party has invited applications for the candidates to contest the MDC elections. On the other hand, the President said that as a party, we will not make alliances with other parties and we will fight alone. It is not yet clear whether it will contest in all the constituencies or only a few constituencies depending on the number of candidates.
He said that the share of JHADC in the collection of revenue from natural resources that remains with the government is still more than Rs 40 crore and if the government releases this money the Council can still pay them. but if the government does not release the share of the Council, it will be difficult to pay the salaries of the employees.
There was also a suggestion on the need to increase the number of meeting places, public awareness campaigns and to curb the drug trafficking.
The talk was that the Khasi indigenous people in the area should get protection from the government while the others who are illegally staying there should be evicted immediately. more than before.
On the same day at about 10 pm, police have recovered two bodies from the forest of Spread Eagle Falls near MES. The deaths of the elderly were also taken to the Civil for investigation.
They also decided to try to bring a single protest for ILP in the State which will include all the Sengbhalang and Chiefs from Syiems, Dolloi, Sirdars and so on together with the people of the State. one except the Political Parties.
We didn't go to stop the violence," he said.
The state government through the health department has held several meetings with the officers of the central government departments in the state to discuss this issue.
According to Dr Mawlong, the Cancer Wing at the Civil Hospital, Shillong which has 90 beds will soon receive a Linear Accelerator and Bracket Therapy Machine to treat people suffering from cancer.
Replying to the statement by Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam that there is a religious group working against the NDA, the MP from Tura replied that it was the Chief Minister of Assam who spoke. first against religions.
He said that during the four-day meeting held in Shillong, the Inspectors General of the BSF (BSF) were discussing the issue.
the miat of the farmers; and Minister of Rural Development.
After inspecting the delegation, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for the Red Dort where he will be received by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Chief of Defense Staff, General Bipin Rawat, Chief of Defense Staff, MM Naravane, Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Karambir Singh and Chief of Air Staff, Chief Marshal RKS Bhadauria.
Nagaland plans to build logistics facilities along the Nagaland Express Highway which will run up to seven (nine) border districts.
Referring to the Meghalaya government, Zenith said that what is the finding of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to oppose the Bill, whether he has not read the Bill properly, or just to please the Bill. Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Under Article 371, Nagaland has created District Councils in Nagaland which are closely related to the ADCs in Meghalaya.
For the provision of security forces for the MLA elections in 2018, the Ministry of Home Affairs has allocated T.14,63,51,000/- crore.
According to the estimates received by the office, the trees that have been cut down and those that have not been transported to the forest are about 5000 cubic meters.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) and Bangladesh Police have arrested Bah Ricky Marwein in Bangladesh on the night of the 21st of this month and handed him over to the Army today. BSF in Baghmara.
The age of the participants for this training should be between 18 years and 45 years of age.
These 12 young girls were not only illegally arrested, but were also bombed to the point of injuring their bodies especially their legs and feet.
These Khasi students have completed their studies including BSc Nursing, B.Pharm and GNM from Hyderabad in
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The new prison in New Shillong Township covers an area of ​​25 acres and can accommodate up to 1000 prisoners, said Bah Sniawbhlangu.
"“During this bandh, only ambulance vehicles and vehicles of journalists will be allowed to pass on the roads while others are requested to stop walking and standing on the roads. roads so that they avoid any accidents that may occur with the possible presence of usurpers.
The loss of this leader is a great loss to the state as a whole, he is indeed a leader, a great teacher and the loss of him is like losing him again. Dr Donkupar's appearance in politics is not only in the state, but also in the North East and the country as a whole.
Rameswar Teli congratulated the organizers of the North East Food Show
Shillong, November 09: The KSU EJHDU under the leadership of Samla Rangbah Kwilnis Suciang General Secretary, has also distributed certificates to 10 leaders of working groups registered under the UNNATI scheme. The District Unit has lodged a petition to strongly oppose the NOC of some people to improve the place of worship on government land.
The interception and rejection of innocent refugees fleeing violence is a violation of human rights and is in no way compatible with the teachings of the way of the cross.
And most importantly, they should explain to their fellow believers through the media or in any other way that they feel should do that it is not allowed for the religious leaders or the people who come to see or perform Puja to drink alcohol and smoke. They went to the village during the Puja.
These include not only focusing on employment opportunities such as ensuring comprehensive social security for those who are too poor, providing value to education that benefits everyone. -iwei, to recover agricultural land, food assistance for the elderly and poor farmers.
Regarding the proposal to test the people in three villages, Mawpat, Rynjah, Nongmynsong and Umpling, he said that a meeting was held today with the Dorbar Shnongs and the test will start on Tuesday of the next month.
The union urges the state government, especially the minister of education to take action on this problem of our children, by working with various schools to find ways and means to reduce the the weight of school bags.
Shillong, June 04: The Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that after receiving detailed information, due to the increasing number of insurgents in Garo Hills, many of them have been arrested. Leaders of the rebel groups have fled to Shillong to hide.
It is on this basis that the department has started to take the necessary action and later accepted the request of the teachers through the MSWDA to allow all in-service teachers who do not exceed 45%. in class XII according to letter No. EDN.142/2011/VOL.III/1461, dated 1/10/2
Since the establishment of the university in 1973, only one Khasi has been appointed as the Vice Chancellor, Ma B. Pakem.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The President of the Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday appointed former CEM of KHADC CB Syiem and John F Kharshiing as members of the Congress Committee.
They expressed the problem in terms of traveling due to the distance between the villages where they have to walk for about three hours.
The total cost (land and construction costs) of the Land Port is T.83.38 crore.
The VECs requested the Co-Chairman to urge the government authorities to make arrangements to release the VEC funds as soon as possible.
She stressed on the need to award all tenders, the quality of implementation, release of funds, implementation and improvement policy, delegation of jobs to the community, skills development, source stability and other important aspects of missions.
On the occasion, a short meeting was held by Samla Gary Mawlieh, President KSU Mawlai Mawroh Unit.
All schools have been directed not to allow students to carry other books outside the school schedule which is usually timed as a Time Table.
The body of Ma Kerios Wahlang will be laid to rest on Tuesday, 14th July, 2020 at the cemetery of the Seng Khasi Mawngap.
His death has created a void in the world which will be difficult to fill and he recalled his meeting with this leader in the past years and this is a great loss not only to the family members but also to the followers.
Regarding the inspection of the documents, it should be known in which year and in which month they came, because as has happened since the independence of the state, those who came after that year will not be accepted. , so there is work to be done to find out the truth.
During these years he was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Although the state has many talented people, unfortunately, no one has guided them to develop in this field.
“It continues to uphold the vision of DrVikram Sarabhai and provides the working methods and responsibilities of ISRO, IN-SPACe, and the private sector to work together to make India a hub of activities. and the whole earth shall be filled with joy.
The purchase of these vehicles is to provide tourists in a more attractive manner.
Shillong, June 25: The Meghalaya Citizens Forum (MFC) today held a rally at Khyndailad, Shillong to express its solidarity with the people of Sri Lanka over the tragedy. bombs in this country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today convened a meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs around Lamali Forest and the forest in the area.
Shillong, November 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today wrote to Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta, Director, North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences, Shillong, to complain regarding the conduct of the recruitment examination. in grades B and C at the hospital.
The three MLAs of the party, Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Heavingstone Kharpran and Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, have to comply with the order. you party.
She said that once the party has qualified for the MP election, she has to visit every village as much as possible within the few months left before the election.
In this meeting with the Chief Minister, the union said that there are students who have passed PhD who have applied for peon jobs in the government because they have been driven away. Age doesn't matter, what they are talking about is not for age but for those who are unemployed.
There was also a marathon in the morning from Ialip to Lummukut where the Mot Tei Sahnam of Woh Kiri Daloi Dhar is located as a sign of commemoration.
He said that the Income Tax Department has sent letters to all those who have deposited too much money and this letter does not mean that they have to pay the tax but if they go they can arrange for it. They are citizens who do not have to pay Income Tax.
The Supreme Court today ordered that all the remaining 37 lakh metric tonnes of coal should be taken over by Coal India Limited to sell the remaining coal. The money will be paid to the state government.
The Rajya Sabha MP said that people from outside Meghalaya can come to the region to see the richness and culture of the people of the region and said that Shillong is the capital. Kongthong should be recognized as the capital of the state.
In the second match, KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle beat KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit 1-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The KSU Tyrsad Circle has confirmed a new office in Umkseh village by the General Secretary of the KSU Tyrsad Circle, Bah Donal V Thabah.
The months passed and the work that was to be done progressed more slowly, but the prayers of many helped the group to move against the sign.
Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and the time has come to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
After a thorough investigation, the police have released the vehicle and the driver of the vehicle.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Before entering Iewduh from Motphran or Mawkhar, you will see an inscription on Khilon (arch) which reads, 'Earn the Right'
Shillong, November 17: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today went on indefinite strike.
It is to be recalled that the Congress has already convened a meeting of the CLP in these days to prepare for the dorbar which will start on 5th November
Many leaders of the people were also present to pay their last respects to this leader.
“The achievements of Mangalyaan and Chandrayaan and the preparation for Gaganyaanki have brought a new mindset to the youth of the country.
What is more surprising is that the VC is still raising this issue after three years.
These horses were seized from a truck parked on the road at Umkiang on No.6 Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. The driver of the truck fled the scene to escape. The BSF have stopped the truck but it did not stop but when it reached the fuel station at Umkiang, the driver stopped the truck and fled the scene. The seized horses have been handed over to the Umkiang Police Station for further investigation. This is the first time that the BSF has seized the horses. They were sent to Bangladesh.
Drink regularly the 'kadha'
Before leaving for the United States, Vincent H Pala wrote a letter to the Ambassador of India to the United States Harish Vardhan Shringla requesting him to help expedite the process. to take the body of the Bishop to Shillong.
In the last MP elections, the Congress party has mislead the people regarding the CAB and alleged that they have links with the BJP. To explain to the people because in the last MP elections, the people voted for Modi and the BJP.
Shillong, Nailur 05: To promote sports in the rural areas, a meeting was held at Raj Bhavan Shillong today. The meeting was convened by the Registrar of Cooperative Societies, Meghalaya, Shillong.
Shillong, November 27: The Ri Bhoi Youth Front (RIF) Eastern Zone has warned tourists to respect the residents of Ri Bhoi District and not to throw garbage and litter in the Eastern Zone. the place where they went to eat.
In the articles, it was clearly written that the state government should send the Governor to sign the MRSSA Ordinance before receiving the ILP.
Shillong Lajong won the tie breaker by four goals.
At this public meeting, he said that if we don't get the Inner Line Permit Act, they too and their fellow countrymen will implement ILP which means to gather people in every place and village.
Parent groups as well as anti-vaping civil society groups immediately spoke out against the ruling, which came after years of pressuring regulators to pack drinks containing bad menthod abuse and other substances that can attract children under the age of 18.
Audit Diwas 2023 was celebrated as a symbol of the history and legacy of India's top audit team.
The ANVC(B) has warned that the government, police and the ANVC should not search for the members of the party if this continues it will further deteriorate the peace and order in Ri Lum Garo, he said. in the statement of the ANVC(B).
“We have called various agencies today.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Anthony Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawiong Umjapung.
They said that their reason for joining the NPP is to help the people in need in Mawryngkneng constituency.
The Customs Department works closely with many law enforcement agencies to curb these crimes.
The struggle for the provision of nutritious food will start this month and end in 2022 and within this year the distribution of nutritious food should reach 6% and this increase is due to and long 2% per year.
During the meeting, he urged everyone to be vigilant to ensure that the development works are completed on time.
AMD's tender for the mining of uranium in Nongjri SWKH has made it clear that the efforts and plans to mine uranium in the state have not ended. They don't know why AMD is still calling for a tender.
Members of the union urged the university to immediately dismiss the foreigner and to appoint Khasi in all the temporary positions.
Furthermore, the Seng is deeply concerned about the involvement of the youth in many alcoholic beverages especially drugs. Therefore, the Seng calls upon all the residents of this area to There is a concern and responsibility to the community in relation to this issue which has affected many families to come and join hands so that we can eradicate crime and get the Alan Laoo, spokesperson of KSU Jaiaw, said that the future will be a happy and prosperous future for the future generations.
However, although Meghalaya has the opportunity to grow coffee in the state, the government has not encouraged the people to take up coffee farming as a job. lad ban im ja you from you.
He reported that experts are closely monitoring the changes and impact of the virus.
and Biangshuwa Shylla (Independent Party) of Shangpung;
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary said the North Eastern Council, which is the nodal agency for the economic and social development of the North East, has been instrumental in the work of the North Eastern Council. .
However, ours are ready to search and arrest for only a few hours or days just to please their superiors.
The death toll has risen to 10, of which 8 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills.
Also present on the occasion were DrP Shakil Ahmed, Chairman Farmers Commission, KN Kumar, Regional Director of NCDC NE Region AK Srivastava and government officials from the Livestock Department.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Today, while the people from all over the Ri Khasi Hills have come to Shillong for their poor jobs, to pay their bills, there has been a sudden commotion in the market and this has shocked them. public passenger.
The Seng has raised the question to the authorities and the State Government, how did they enter the country, how did they enter the country? Johney Rapthap, Head of KSU Laban Branch, said that many churches, especially those who earn their living, said:
To expedite the implementation of the Chief Minister's Rural Development Fund worth T.8 crore and the Chief Minister Urban Development Fund worth T.4 crore, the Cabinet today decided to Two schemes have been transferred to the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
Connectivity is essential for the development of the economy of any place, whether in terms of roads, waterways, railways, air routes, communication facilities. who are responsible for improving the income of the people and bringing about unity.
Police found that only a copy of their passports was recovered from the two foreigners and they said they had left their passports in Bangladesh.
“It is a great sorrow for the sick, the poor and the needy who trust their lives on this road,” said Bah SS Niangti General Secretary of KSU-JHDU. “Two and a half months ago, on January 24, 2014, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD, NHAI promised us to repair this road but until now. it didn’t do anything at all.
He said that as the party has made it clear from the beginning, if they don't talk about renewing the reservation policy, the party will not be able to participate. The meeting will continue while the discussion is going on and if the discussion at the meeting is not according to the wishes of the party, the reservation policy will be renewed. tolerance will continue.
The distribution of these items is to assist those low income families who have suffered due to the lockdown imposed by the Central and State Governments, as part of the to prevent the spread of the global pandemic of COVID-19 or coronavirus.
In this campaign against drugs, all the agencies of the country, especially the Narcotics Control Bureau, are continuing the fight.
Shillong, November 13 : The Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has accused Justice SR Sen of violating the rights of the people. The people of North East have supported the Justice Citizenship Amendment Bill
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Circle has approved to send the name of Bah Air Marshall Diengngan as the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly. State.
Others are Marathon Sangma of the NCP and Lamboklang Mylliem of the NESDP.
The Detail Project Report (DPR) of this road has been completed and the cost is being calculated for the payment of land acquisition under Section 19 of the Land Acquisition Act.
RK Jha is a respected and humble person, since he worked at NEEPCO, he has worked hard to bring about development programs of NEEPCO as well as development schemes, including projects in this state. Meghalaya and the North East.
Another man said that the sudden strength of the electricity shocked not only him but also the dogs he kept because of the strength of the light in the bulbs.
The family members of Bah Mcbornbonnyson have a strong suspicion that there are about four people involved in this robbery. when he asked for help and sent for relatives.
The Youth Wing of Shillong City Youth (UDP) believes that the people will not believe in these leaders from Thor, according to a statement sent by Bah Desmond KL Mawlong General Secretary Shillong City Youth. Wing.
The HYC has announced that the invitation for applications is on 2/12/2022 and those who apply should submit their online applications on or before 10/12/2 Give only five days to those who have been rejected for applications if they have to say anything, if anyone has to submit the documents they have to do it before the 8th.
They did not come to discuss the relationship or the purchase of electricity. This is the responsibility of the two governments, the Government of India and the Government of Bangladesh. The factories in Bangladesh will not survive and at the same time the people of this state will survive but if this is the case they will not be able to stay and they will have to go to other countries. .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the government has restructured the SF-10 police force in Meghalaya.
“I have just participated in a marathon, wheel basketball and this is the first time I want to participate in arm wrestling,” said Prisca.
Prime Minister Modi in his Mann Ki Baat, spoke about Jadav Payeng of Assam who received the Padma for his work.
The party urges the central government not to listen to the concerns of the indigenous people of the state as it has been decades since many of these issues have been pending.
KSU South East Khasi Hills District President Reebok Diengdoh said that when the KSU received the arrest, they informed the OC and SDPO of Sohra and they also came to investigate.
The Seng has planted the seeds in the soil and it is expected that this new Circle will be able to do many good deeds by working together with the Village Leaders, Women's Associations and the Youth Organization.
During the three days training, the participants were explained how to study by preserving the quality of medicines and this was explained by the experts. NEIGRIHMS will take part in the provision of health workers in the area.
Once again we invite all the political parties, elders, mothers, youth and all to come and participate and express that the State of Meghalaya is against the Cab.
Therefore, the party urges and requests all the people to read these leaflets so that they can get more detailed information regarding the party's opposition to the railway line to these hills.
These two hills fall under the jurisdiction of the Archaeological Survey of India, and here you can see the ancient methods of quarrying in these caves to build dwellings for the Chinese people who chose to live alone.
Investigation to determine the cause is ongoing.
The  advertisement no.
On the part of Bah Kimfa Marnaniang, MDC candidate from the Congress party, he appealed for the full support of the people and promised to provide a clean and transparent service.
The first Minister of Home Affairs was known as the Iron Man who was associated with silver because of his ability to run the country.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh will return the rice and food items that have come through the ICDS.
Regarding the jhur and jhep from the rural areas, the government is currently in talks with the jhur traders to talk to those who do so if possible. The online system has been launched to transport the jhur from the places and then to the markets.
This was announced by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, through the Department of Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps.
In this regard, they are still waiting for permission from the ECI. It is learned that in seven polling stations, votes have to be cast from VVPATs, as the ROs have not cleaned the machine before casting the vote. Two of them are in Shillong, one in Nongstoin and four in Tura.
The bus (ML-08 A-7795) was heading from Tura to Baghmara when it collided with another vehicle.
The Ministry of Tourism has also developed a Handbook for Schools to Set Up Tourism Clubs.
Despite the progress seen in the recent past, it is necessary to tackle the residual problems for many years.
The purpose of this meeting was to discuss how to strengthen the distribution of food items in all the states of India as well as the ration shops.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : The BJP spokesperson and former Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang has decided to leave the BJP on Tuesday. send your resignation letter to the President of the State BJP, Meghalaya.
This is the Government's failure to provide a fair trial.
Speaking to reporters, the CEO congratulated the people who cast their votes without any hesitation and the total turnout was 76.6%, in the 1st round. Shillong PC turned out 73.78% of the vote and in 2-Tura PC turned out 81.37%.
The past eight years have seen an investment of more than T 32,000 crore in the Blue Revolution, the Fish and Aquaculture Development Fund and the Prime Minister's Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY), along with many other initiatives.
U Bah DK Dkhar, Bah SF Khongwir, Governor of Meghalaya, said that the death of the deceased is not only a loss of life. not only to the family but also to the state.
She said that her view is that the 14-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency is still lagging behind especially in terms of water supply, pollution is excessive, lack of lights on the roads and to fight. against premature school dropout of children.
However, the surprising thing is that although it has been released since 31st October 2014, it has not reached the schools for 22 days and is still pending at the treasury office.
Once again as a separate nation we have the opportunity to bring our rights before India.
There are seven areas between Assam and Assam, which the Meghalaya and Assam governments have not yet started to negotiate.
In the winners of the competition in 2013, P Lyngdoh won the first and second prizes and the third prize went to D. Saikia.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong demands that the road construction company of the central government should clean up the road so that it will be clean and bright and will bring beauty to the village. Lasting Pala, Head of Village and Nicolas Lyngdoh, Secretary, said:
Regarding the Entry & Exit Points, it was urged to expedite the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) especially in the remaining Ri Bhoi district.
On this occasion, there were performances by the students and old students were also present to witness this occasion.
The counting of votes started at 9 pm and the vote was closed at 5 pm.
Amit Shah said that in the fighting with the ULFA, about 10,000 people from both sides have lost their lives, who are citizens of this country, but today it has been resolved immediately. this problem.
After meeting with the Chief Minister, the group also met with the journalists of the state to explain their work for the information of the public.
The KSU also urges you to inspect all the Government Schools in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram C&RD Block as many of them have been destroyed and need the government to take action. to repair for them.
Part of the equipment has already been delivered to Hyderabad.
The District Magistrate has also sent a copy of the order to the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills. District, by ordering him to set up a check gate at Mawryngkneng Road to enter the Shillong Bye-pass and at Mawiong Village to check the movement of vehicles.
Speaking to reporters, Damenbhamerba said he has been playing since he was 10 years old.
If the Government of Meghalaya has suspended the uranium mining in Mawthabah, it should also suspend it immediately and explain publicly what it has done on the uranium drill tender announced by the Atomic Minerals Directorate in November “KSU SWKHD has no decisions to protest if the government does not clarify and immediately withdraw the tender notice,” said Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU SWKHD in a statement.
Celebrating this Human Rights Day around the world, he called on the authorities to be committed to protect human rights now and in the future, he said. Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the MPHRC. The MPHRC condemns all acts of violence and violence by the law enforcement agencies against the public, minorities, women and children, or any other form of violence. at the same time they praised all those who have a hand in working to protect human rights.
The permit for the use of the government health center was handed over to the PHC through the MDC of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
After the independence of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya government has not done anything about it.
Police have arrested Ratan Dkhar of Ummulong village, who gave the name of a drug factory in Dkhiah.
He said that the land should be only 24.09 hectares and all the previous lease agreements have died.
He was speaking as the chief guest at the 29th Annual General Meeting of the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers and Employees Association (GHDTEA) held today at JNHR Sec School, Phulbari, West Garo Hills District.
No e-permit is required for this purpose.
It is on this basis that the government has not done anything to prevent the entry of mynder into the state. to the Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems, Doloi and the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC to use their powers to prevent the influx of mynder into the state, even if it is HYC leader Bah Jahrin said that the protest of the 13 parties to protect the state from the infiltration of foreign authorities is not illegal. The Meghalaya Safety and Security Act will be passed, and the government will amend the Benami Act which is invalid.
This fund is from the Central Government Development Department.
The purpose of this is to facilitate the work of the National Health Mission as there are many central schemes that they are happy to work on.
Others who witnessed the tournament included the heads of NEPA, Umiam, Ri-Bhoi district, who were the chief guests, as well as the elderly, parents of the children. schools, teachers and students.
They are located in every state and more than 650 districts of the country.
Sanjay Kumar Magoo, Chief General Manager of NE Circle, said that the bank employees of SBI from the region express their gratitude to the Governor, the Prime Minister and the SBI Bankers. the Home Minister especially the police who managed to rescue Kumar from the hands of the terrorists.
The Rangbah Shnong of Malki, Bah HP Oflyn Dohling, said that this march to spread the message of peace was the idea of ​​the Malki Youth Association.
The three-part marathon, which will start from Laitsohpliah to Mawsmai, will include a 21 kilometer, 10 kilometer and 5 kilometer race.
According to a statement issued on this, it will now be read as '7".
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has estimated that 96579 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94893 have recovered and 1620 have died.
Voice of People Party MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday accused the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Prestone Tynsong, of The advertisement was misleading.
Meanwhile, Bah Justine Dkhar, Ex-MLA in his speech as the Chief Guest urged the Kur Dkhar to put love, unity, closeness and mutual assistance first. any parts required.
In his speech, the Prime Minister thanked the land owners who have donated their land for the construction of this road and all those who have taken part in the construction of this road. roads from political party leaders, officers and village officials.
Senseng Marak, President of the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People, of the Williamnagar branch, said that most of the government land has been crossed the border and most of it is used for coal mining.
The Government has struggled as much as possible to bring development projects to the residents and the Government wants to get their cooperation for the development of all areas. and they shall not prosper.
The exhibition was opened by Bah W.Passi, Deputy Head of Nongmynsong Dorbar.
The terms of reference of these Boundary Committees are to work in collaboration with the Committees of the Government of Assam, to look into the names of villages which Assam has and those which have been recognized by Meghalaya.
Another road in need is the Silchar-Mahendraganj Hili Road which has to pass through the Brahmaputra River.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Ambassador of India to Nepal, Mr Ranjit Rae, in the presence of other dignitaries from India and Nepal. Chief Guest Mr Jiwan Bahadur Shahi, Minister of Culture and others arrived from Pokhara; He came quickly to see the paintings by the sculptors from the region which showcase the culture of each state.
During the meeting, the Union Defense Minister also reviewed the step taken in relation to the decisions taken at last year's meeting.
He said the purpose of the talks was to have a consensus to reach peace and to discuss the demands of the party from the beginning.
The union expresses its deep sorrow over the treatment of the people living in the border areas by the state government even though they have seen and heard, but they don't believe anything. You don't count the people who live in these border areas.
Through the listening of the Prime Minister, the voice of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Education of Meghalaya, Lahkmen Rymbui.
at noon at the church building.
They should no longer blame the nature and the rain.
The opportunities are many, your talents are wide, your skills that you have shown are wide,” Goyal said.
Kynton U Mon is located in the Khyriem Hima on the road to Smit and Nongkrem. This village has grown tremendously in the past 50 years and now it has celebrated its 50th anniversary. the identity as a community.
Thirteen RPSF personnel have been deployed to guard the railway station. Besides, 26 RPF personnel, 30 BRP personnel and 10 CRPF personnel have been deployed to guard the station.
“Doctors from Ialong Civil Hospital have informed the police that a person has been brought to the hospital. Police are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of his death.
Speaking to reporters at the meeting, he said that at this meeting, it was estimated that the number of drug users has increased from the census collected in 2019 and four districts in the state have been recognized as drug users. The district does not have many drug users.
India has moved forward in the last nine and a half years of the Modi Government and every citizen in the country has been able to say that they are now the spokespersons of India. “We will soon be able to reap that fruit unlike during the Congress rule when the country was far behind,” he said.
On the other hand, the JSU and JYF strongly condemned this unfounded news which has led to the confusion of the people.
The Minister supervised the implementation of the schemes and met with the representatives of all departments and district authorities.
Umjarain, November 07: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Unjarain Sub-Centre in the presence of many residents of the area.
On the part of the Secretary Shnong, Bah A.Nongdhar, he expressed his gratitude and blessings that the Seng will continue to work better for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Shillong Police today at 1 pm arrested three persons who had been monitoring their movements for a long time. suspected of being smugglers of money.
Health Minister AL Hek said that one of the soldiers who tested positive was from Haryana and the other was a driver of a vehicle. He was tested positive today.
of India which was distributed during the time when Bah Aldous Mawlong was the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Govt.
In all these incidents, the police have conducted an investigation to find out the names of the victims and also to find out the perpetrators. people get killed.
Therefore, the JYF urges the people of Jaintia Hills to join hands with the JSU on this 12 hour curfew so that the government can take action to restore the 12 hour curfew. JYF has completed its blood donation campaign in Jaintia Hills. (SP News).
The students were brought from Majitar of Sikkim to Siliguri in four vehicles and from there the government has arranged buses to take them to Shillong.
CoMSO will hold a black flag protest on 27.11.2020 and a sit in protest on 4.12.20 at all district headquarters of the State to demand ILP from the Government of India and to demand ILP from the State Government. The MRSS (Amendment) Bill will be introduced.
Rakesh of the NPP received 16 votes while Congress candidate Cherak W Momin received 12 votes. in this election there were 28 candidates.
At the end of the Dorbar Pyllun at Laitkor, the Spiritual Director of the Union, Rev. Leo Mary Lyndem, along with the office bearers of the Union, unveiled the Lama and sang the Anthem.
Besides, the CM gave hope to the memorandum of the village leaders living along the Riangdo-Bamil road to extend it for a few kilometers.
At present, the pass percentage of students taking the SSLC, HSSLC examinations including Science and Arts, the pass percentage of West Jaintia Hills District has increased compared to other years, but the question now is whether the government has been able to which prepares for the improvement of schools.
How to ensure adequate income for tens of lakhs of households, How to create employment opportunities for these youth who have returned and for the youth who have been unemployed for a long time.
Seven members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLDC) have been arrested by the National Liberation Council (NLDC) in Meghalaya. of the State on January 16, 2023.
Similarly, the title of the chapter itself in the guidelines for the election proposal released by the political party may also be included in the Sample Thup-adong Kyntokam from the part of the Guidelines for Political Parties and Candidates.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Meghalaya IAS Officers Association (IAS) today held a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the state in the past months. He has donated Rs. 2 lakh to the Meghalaya Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF).
Website:E-mail:Please check our website for information in English.
This will also help the people living in these areas through the development of tourism which will create income opportunities.
Police are still searching for other persons involved in the petrol bomb blast in Shillong.
In a letter sent to the Doloi of Jowai Elaka, the Chief Executive Member of JKHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat and four Executive Members, it was said that the residents of Moopyniein Village, Wapungskur Jowai Elaka, West Jaintia Hills District, which has been living here since ancient times, wants to be recognized as a full village.
This is to be able as part of the curb the trafficking and consumption of drugs in the state.
A Maruti Van (ML04A-0235) was heading from Mukhla to War Jaintia when it overturned at Myntdu village in West Jaintia Hills District. The driver of the vehicle was identified as Gavinson Sunar, The vehicle and the occupant of the vehicle, Bah Free Sunar, were injured and were taken to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital in Jowai.
The rape happened as early as 2022 but the mother did not learn until January 29, 2023 after the son reported it to her.
Crowds of religious groups today held special services in their churches to hold special prayers as part of sharing hands with the suffering of the Lord Jesus.
The four UDP MDCs who joined the BJP today are JHADC Chairman Lakhon Biam, Krishon Langstang, Treilang Suchiang and Dawan Lyngdoh.
There are 2 new cases in East Khasi Hills and 5 deaths so far.
They also asked the Minister to follow up on the road from Lailad to Borsora and so on to Nongjri.
Expressing his concern over the danger posed to the youth by the drug traffickers, the DGP also condemned the drug traffickers who lure the youth into drug abuse.
KJDSTA has appointed Bah ED Nongsiang as President while Bah SL Rapthap as General Secretary has been appointed as General Secretary.
The emergence of insurgents in Garo Hills since 2010 is like the emergence of tied during the rainy season because the government has not been able to control them.
Because they have somewhere to run, we wouldn’t have if they took over.
However, I will submit my letter of support to the NPP-led EC on Tuesday,” said Bah Bindo.
Bah Nongsiang said that the demand for the old age pension has been going on for about 50 years but the State Government has not yet taken any step to release the pension.
When we looked back at the Khasi speech not only in the dorbar or in the public meetings of the government or of the people's organizations and unions, it was found that it is still a challenge because many of them are stupid or even stupid. teachers of the Khasi language are not able to speak fully only in their mother tongue.
Young applicants will be encouraged.
The SP said that all the police stations in the state have been informed of the incident to search for the suspect.
It is also on this day that the Jaidbynriew has raised the Rangkynsai Rangdajied to protect it from the dark clouds and it is these rangbah who have revived and surprised the Khasi through the power of thought and vision. to fight against the invasion of foreigners, to destroy the Khasi religion, customs and traditions.
To request the Syiem and Dorbar Hima Khyrim to accept the proposal to convene an Emergent People's Parliament. discussed the proposal of the Government of India and the State Government to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, he said, “I lost my ticket because I don't have money”.
The PWD department has called a tender to start the work at a cost of T.48.53 crore including one bridge but it is not clear which river the bridge will be in.
Shillong, July 06: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Thyllaw Border Unit (KSU) has strongly condemned the shooting death of Bah Phrangshanbor Wanshnong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Warding on the night of the 4th of this month. at 7:00 or 8:00 pm.
In the past, Ri-Bhoi District was only a Ri-Bhoi Sub-Division of East Khasi Hills District. The development of Ri-Bhoi District depends on the thoughts and hard work of the people. The KSU NKHD Unit hopes that the contribution of the people of Ri-Bhoi District will be good and equal in all aspects, according to a statement sent by Samla James Mawphniang General Secretary KSU NKHD Unit. .
Once again to express their opposition to this action of the central government, these youths from Meghalaya have gathered in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah to express their grief by carrying placards saying that want to take the CEE exam.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 12 persons, 10 BSF personnel and two persons from NEIGRIHMS have tested positive for COVID-1 There were 270 recoveries and 46 recoveries.
“For the wastewater, we have built ponds to dispose of the wastewater including ponds to treat the waste and a pond to discharge the treated water, which can be used for shooting, cleaning and irrigation. Fish too,” said Dr Sakhar.
Speaking as the chief guest, Col.
The census includes buses, tourist vehicles and even private vehicles that bring passengers from outside the state. The State on the 10th day of the meeting, the party said that this is unacceptable.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS) in collaboration with the National AIDS Control Organization (NAI) will hold the Red Ribbon Superstar Meghalaya Icon
This issue has been on the table since 2022 and has not taken any arrangement from the Government and the Office of the Deputy Commissioner to remove these illegal immigrants. The people are still scattered and foreigners are still infiltrating.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that students should not be sent to take examinations in such an anxious situation.
The meeting was attended by CEM Titosstarwell Chyne of KHADC, CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat and Deputy CEM Nikman Marak of GHADC. Advocate General of the state Amit Kumar was also present.
Speaking at the meeting were students from the North East in Shillong, various organizations of the state, various student organizations who came to support the The protest was held to condemn the shooting of civilians by the army in Nagaland.
Police also seized drug manufacturing machines.
The meeting was held to protest against the actions of the Assam government and at the same time to express their opposition to the state government which has stopped the actions of the Assam government.
More than 60 new IP Facilitation Centers have been opened in different parts of the country to have an IP lawyer to assist MSMEs to apply for and register their trademarks and patents.
As many of the job vacancies are very low and the population of the state is not even 20%, if this is the case, the union does not say that don't come to invest money to set up jobs in the state. “It is not possible to provide jobs to the state residents, what the party wants is to bring in money, they will earn and the people of the state will get jobs,” said Raiwan Sohtun.
He said that since the incident in Motphran, there has been a different mindset among the people, it is the duty of the police to bring back peace in the minds of the people.
“We have been waiting for a while because of the rain and after that we have requested again to complete the work so that the people can travel safely,” he said.
“Your immediate response to this issue will not only ensure the safety of the people living in Punjabi Colony but will also send a strong message against bloodshed and violence,” said the HPC Chief. Conservator of the Forest Department, N. Luikham, who is also an officer of the Indian Forest Services (IFS), has committed suicide at his residence near Lady Keane College, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 22: Answering a question by Bah Charles Marngar, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Abu Taher Mondal, said that the government has already opened nine new blocks recently. is to bring the services of the government to the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu today convened a meeting to discuss the issue of Lum Survey.
This was announced by Bah Gomelson Snaitang, President of KSU Nongkynbah Area Unit.
On the 5th of this month, Alsin D Marak at 5 pm has shot dead a school teacher in West Garo Hills District. teacher.
The MP has visited Tikrikilla and Demdema C&RD Block which have been affected by the floods. .
Shillong, July 14: The annual session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 25th of July.
In this regard, the KSU has demanded that the number of ethnic minorities in Meghalaya should be reviewed.
On the other hand, Bah Khongwir said that they have a strong confidence in the police to investigate the case as they have already sent their FIR to the Cyber ​​Crime Department. does not do anything on the part of the union will write to the central government.
“The ticket is not mine or anyone else's, the ticket belongs to the Congress party and it is up to its leaders who can give it,” he said.
Before meeting with the Prime Minister of India, NESO leaders met with the North East MP Forum chaired by Mukut Mithi, MP, Rajya Sabha, Chairman. I met with the General Secretary.
On the 21st of this month, more than 15 shopkeepers came to the KHADC office and expressed their understanding of their mistake.
One death has been reported from South Garo Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to 1587. The highest number of deaths has been reported from East Khasi Hills District which has risen to
It is learned that this is the first time that the Rangbah Shnongs of the area have come to meet with the Minister of State to demand the Block in Mawhati. There are many villages about 100 km away from the block where they are now Umsning.
If the party finds fellow ethnic groups to marry another ethnic group, the party can no longer accept them as fellow ethnic groups.
When the Governor has signed the seal stating that it has passed through the procedures reviewed by the DCA and has received approval, no officer of the Government of Meghalaya shall have the right to issue the order in conflict with the Bill which became an Act which did not exist before the issuance of the Administrative Order.
At the same time, the General Manager said that the problem of the bank is that since the implementation of the Core Banking Services, the bank now has to look into the areas where there may be The aim is to set up a branch of MCAB in all the blocks. To strengthen the work of MCAB. The MCAB has now sought permission from the RBI to allow the bank to launch Internet Banking facilities. Internet Banking is to provide convenience to the people, said Purkayastha.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 2 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today. day.
Explaining the implementation of the 40% quota, he said the Cabinet meeting today has decided that for every 25 vacant government posts, one will go to those with disabilities. , the vacancies will be added together to get this figure.
The workshop kicked off with a message from Director I/C, Dean & HOD Obstetric & Gynae Prof.Dr.A.Santa Singh.
He said that among the states in the North East of India, Meghalaya is the least productive state in terms of the use of tyndong lyer. in this state they are only 27%.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 06: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (WHPSA) West Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. The union is shocked to see in the media in recent months the report of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the involvement in the recruitment or registration of some examination candidates in The post of Assistant Teacher of Lower Primary for the year 2009-2010 has been appointed by some of the Ministers of the present government led by Dr Mukul Sangma known as the MUA (Meghalaya United Alliance).
Speeches were delivered by many Rangbah expressing their feelings on this occasion.
However, the Prime Minister of the Government, in conflict with the will of the people, wants to introduce a foreign law to make it difficult for the rural school children who live in the city to get education and especially for the foreign owners. If they give land to foreigners or foreign states, they may be deprived of their longtrai rights because if they want to expel or expel the residents, they may be prosecuted against the foreigners. The tenency act shall apply to the owners of the houses.
The company has also provided services with the support of the Government of Delhi to operate CATS 102 Services for four years, including during the COVID-19 pandemic in India.
Shah said the Bodo Accord was signed on 27th July 2020 to resolve the 50-year-old Bodo conflict by preserving the identity of Assam.
The Mining & Geology Department (DMF) has allocated T.8.9 crore, the Labor Department T.51.0 crore, the Community & Rural Development and Urban Affairs (SRWP & SUWP) T.15.1 crore, for this scheme. T.15 lakh has been allocated to the MLAs to assist them during this time of COVID-19, out of which T.3.5 crore has been allocated from Urban Affairs, the total expenditure has been T.399 crore so far.
It is the day of the struggle against foreign rule which ended in victory and it is the day of our independence.
Shangpliang said that through this film he wants to bring a message of meaningful change, love and forgiveness.
This lack of recognition of the Khasi as a nation has put them in great difficulty especially those who go to higher education due to poverty and lack of income. 90% of the students have to drop out of school.
Thilda Mary Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the sister-in-law of Bah Marshallha, said that the relatives of Bah Marshall have no hope that he will survive. The SDRF team will continue to search for his body until it is found so that they will not be in the middle of the night.
Jowai, Naiwieng 16, 2023: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Department of Tribal Affairs has celebrated the Victory Day at Thadlaskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills.
The government will take the suggestion of the members of the House to implement the project in other urban areas in the state, but will look first at Shillong how it will work.
Before the start of the festival, there was a prayer by the elders led by Bah Lyngskor Jala, to pray for the Creator to bless them and to defeat the enemies. if there is evil, and if there is evil, forgive.
The union also expressed its gratitude to the Ri Bhoi district authorities including the Deputy Commissioner, police and especially the MDC of Mawhati constituency Bah Charles Marngar who immediately rushed to the scene to investigate the incident. The party urges both the state governments, Meghalaya under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam under the leadership of Himanta Biswa Sarma as the Chief Minister has called on the government to take action as he told the media at two meetings in Shillong and Guwahati to resolve the border issue.
In the FIR, Umsning MDC Macdalyn S Mawlong urged the police to take immediate action and arrest those who dared to insult and defame her on social media.
To submit a letter to the KHADC Committee and the State Forest Department on the draft Indian Forest Act 1927, after consultation with the members of the Central Body and members of the General Meeting. Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly on the Coal Mines Act 1973, MMDR 1957 and especially to complete and monitor the Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly on the FC Act 1980 which was passed on 13 April The Meghalaya Assembly has not sent to Delhi the resolution to liberate the state under paragraph 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Tuesday morning honored two persons who have contributed to the development of the people of Meghalaya at a meeting. The meeting was held at Raj Bhavan Shillong in the presence of other government officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Unidentified persons have bombed Bring Marbaniang at Mawdwar village on Tuesday night. His body was found this morning and taken to Bhoirymbong CHC. died.
The proposal has been submitted to the OMMAS of the PMGSY. “The meeting of the Empowered Committee under the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India for the allocation of funds for this scheme it is expected to be fulfilled soon.
The investigation against these persons is ongoing to find out the root cause of the murder of Kitdorlang and to identify others involved in this crime.
: Dozens of households in Block II, Ri Bhoi District have been destroyed by the earthquake which struck on Sunday evening at about 4:00 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has held talks on the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam in the second state. and Himanta Biswa Sarma started today at the State Guest House in Koinadora, Guwahati Assam.
Those who come to the state must follow the rules and regulations of the state government.
Financial assistance scheme will also be offered to all students.
Only Manipur in 1999 and Assam in 2007 have been able to host the tournament in the North East.
Police have arrested three persons who were driving drunk this night and a case has been registered against them.
Prominent physicians, Prof. Davinder Singh of Safdar Hospital, New Delhi, Prof. RK Baruah and Dr. Iran Bharali will be the special lecturers.
, KSU President.
Since the launch of the campaign on 13th November 2023, 1.5 crore applications for Ayushman cards have been received on the NHA IT platform. 19th of this month.
Tura, November 03: The World Children's Day was celebrated today in Williamnagar, the capital of East Garo Hills District with the participation of 200 people. sun.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell congratulates all the students from all over the Khasi Hills who have received the results of the HSSLC Commerce and Science Stream announced by the Meghalaya Board of Schools. Education (MBoSE) on Tuesday.
It is true that it has existed in the past but it has not been able to survive and they cannot survive. In this election, this party is not an acceptable party as they think and it will take time to introduce it to the people.
Brolding Nongsiej has won the MLA election twice from the 31-Mawthadraishan Constituency from the same party UDP. The MLA of Mawthadraishan has fulfilled his wish.
Shillong, July 17: The Hon'ble Court of Justice Noor-Ain Khan (MHJS), a special judge for the POCSO Act, has been appointed in Jowai.
He also reminded that people should not believe in fake SMS and emails.
(Dr.) B.D.Mishra (Ret d.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that there is no misuse of the name of the jaidbynriew, because in the election campaign all the parties are patriots, during the elections all the parties are patriots. and when he was defeated, he sold the nation.
Alliance Air has handed over the flights from Pune to Mumbai.
The handover ceremony was held at the office of the SP of East Khasi Hills District.
The MDA-II government has 45 members and has confirmed that it will win the election to the 59-member Speaker of the House, NPP 26, UDP 11, BJP 2, HSPDP , PDF 2, Independent  2 people.
(b)   Soil and Water Conservation(c)    Home (Passport)(d)    Law(e)       Election(f)    Administrative Reforms(a)   Public Health Engineering(b)    School Education and Literacy(c)    Higher Education(Technical) Revenue and Disaster Management(e)    Re-organization(a)   Transport(b)   General Administration Department(c)    District Council Affairs(d)   Cooperation(a)    Community and Rural Development(b)   Forests and Environment(c)    Border Areas Development( d)   Parliamentary Affairs(a)   Social Welfare(b)   Animal Husbandry & Veterinary(c)    Printing and Stationery(d)   Secretariat Administration Department(a)   Health & Family Welfare(b)    Information Technology(c)    Relationsd Public Registration and Stamps(a)   Home (Police)(b)   Home (Jail)(c)    PWD (Buildings)(a)    Sports & Youth Affairs(b)   Housing(c)    Excise(d)   Sericulture & Weaving(a)   Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs(b)   Power(c)   Arts and Culture(a)    Urban Affairs(b)    Municipal Administration(c)    Labour(a)   PWD (Roads)(b)    Home Guards and Civil Defense(c) Met   ology other The Chief Minister has appointed the Taxation, Industry and others.
On March 16, 2009, doctors at the Baba Farid Center in Punjab, who treated children with disabilities, were arrested in Afghanistan for uranium bombs. The uranium has spread more than 1,000 miles from the site of the explosion, and now it has been found after testing the hair of 149 children under the age of 12-1 that all children have 82 and 87 percent uranium in the blood.
Upon receipt of such complaints, journalists who have written such news or disseminated such news will be suspended from their accreditation until the PCI or NBA has issued the decision.
These students are students of ICFAI Kamalghat in Tripura where the students from Meghalaya have been afraid that they may be attacked.
She said that the committee has also requested the government to include the Reservation Policy as one of the issues to be discussed so that the VPP can also express its voice and showcase the her mat to the committee.
In the complaint, the PCCF said that an English newspaper published in Meghalaya had mentioned his name and alleged that he was involved in the removal of the two files from the secretariat.
On this day, about 30 youths came forward voluntarily to donate blood to the unemployed.
Shillong, November 18: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today registered a complaint against the Meghalaya government over the death of Dr. Aftab Hussain Saikia. coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District have been arrested.
At the same time, he said that many of the schools in the villages have large areas, the teachers should teach the children how to plant and bury, because many of the children do not know and he urged In planting, the plants should be planted if they are the same and should be free of pesticides.
This action of NEEPCO is to prevent the youth of the North East and this unemployment has led the youth of this region to take paths that are against the society, NEEPCO It should not change what has been done in the past that the examinations should be held in this area.
New Delhi, Lber 07: The Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the release of the Dearness Allowance (DA) to Union employees.
There are 423 recoveries and 6 deaths.
He said that soon many of these will be achieved in this area in all development projects.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee is the first Prime Minister of India from the BJP to win the seat three times in a row. was remanded for only 13 days, in the second instance for 11 months and in the third instance for five consecutive years.
It is to be recalled that the Sengbhalang has announced to hold a 24 hour curfew on the 20th in Akba from 5 pm and will end the next day at 5 pm.
Even after the HNLC has already published its mobile numbers in the media, the MUA II Government is still sending people in June to ask for assistance from the HNLC for the HNLC. The HNLC has also removed Kong Roshan from the post of Home Minister while Ampareen and Deborah, who have been ill, have not been able to do anything yet. Since 2004, the BJP Government and the Art of Living have been fighting hard to bring peace. in Meghalaya?.
(Hectare).
He also promised to take action to provide electricity to the people in these areas.
Mawsynram Branch is located in Mawsynram Village.
The State Government on Thursday urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to reconsider its decision to end the peace talks with the Government. Central and State Government.
Shillong, July 14: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Latiplang Kharkongor on Tuesday said that before meeting with the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC), he has called a meeting of all the MDCs to hold a meeting. on Friday.
On Saturday night, Bah E Kharkongor and Bah R Kharmalki from Tynring village had left for their friends at Thangshalai village at about 10 pm. A truck number AS01DC 1965 was hit by a truck.
According to a statement sent by the PIB, the NEC meeting will discuss how to improve the income of the North Eastern Region of India. employment opportunities and how to bring about development in this area through various means.
: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) in a statement sent by its General Secretary Damonmi S Dkhar, has urged the state government to release Arphul Kharbuni immediately. The President of HANM West Khasi Hills District, who has been arrested for more than four months, has been appealing to the government to release him from the MPDA, but the government has not responded. Therefore, the party demands that the government should immediately release the party leader who has been imprisoned for a long time.
He said that he came forward to contest the election as an independent candidate because he does not want to take advantage of these political parties which have already existed in the state.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital, Mairang on Thursday evening.
“We will be determined to have a strong democracy and to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the country by following the Constitution of India.
The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) on Thursday demanded that the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, should clarify when and where the department has sent for testing to verify that the fish imported from the country has been tested. They were injected with formalin.
He said that this demand of the party is not unfounded but the party has based it on the decision of the Supreme Court in many cases.
The KHADC through a public notice (NO.DC.III/Genl/3/1984-2019/134 dated 4 November 2019), has announced that no jait ka khong can be taken without the approval of the KHADC. and to complain against anyone who does anything wrong.
Similarly, the BJP in Meghalaya will one day be able to lead the government, the BJP will continue to work with the people and the BJP will be in power in the state. Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 16: The 772 Jugalis who passed the examination conducted by MeECL in 2011 and the results of which were announced in April 2016 today passed the examination conducted by MeECL in July They staged a sit-in in front of the MeECL gate at Lum Shaishai.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Thursday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) has already nominated its own candidate for the Shillong Seat in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. year to come.
Similarly, when the funds are allocated to the MDCs, it is the responsibility of the Hima to meet their MDCs to ask for assistance. “It's not enough for the Hima to go to the MDCs who have to meet with them,” he said.
Many Rang Bah Shnongs were also present to understand the work of this government department and how the people can get protection from being cheated in the thew ka who.
We will inform you again and if he does not respect, we will not stop or even suspend the work.
According to information received from the scene, the PWD today left to drop stones on this road to start the repair of this road.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Bah MA Neng, Chairman of the Central Disciplinary Committee of KHNAM, today sent a letter to the MDC of the party, James Ban Basaiawmoit regarding the rumors that he will contest the MLA election in In this letter, Bah Neng wrote that “the news broadcast on Batesi TV has shown that you have expressed your intention to contest the MLA election 2018 from the party. PDF, The party cannot restrict your freedom of movement, but your expression of intention to join the PDF, without explaining it to the party, is a violation of article XIX (f) of the Constitution. constitution of the party".
Shillong, Iaiong 18: On this holy day for all the Christian communities in the world to celebrate in a special manner this Holy Wednesday to commemorate the death of Jesus Christ to save the world. the son of man is sin.
The Minister spoke on the NEP 2020 and said that this is the way forward for all of us.
The presence of people.
The JSU feels that there is a need to recognize the different ethnic groups in India to preserve their own customs and traditions. the rights of the people, the land tenure system and the rights of the people.
The opening of the block today marks the beginning of the development of the area in the years to come.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) said that the district at present has only 14 doctors in two CHCs and three PHCs in the district. About 1,20,000 people were killed.
Best Farmer Award from the Income Tax Department of the North Eastern Region at the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahatsav-2022; from the IOC Ltd.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the JAC said that according to the RTI received by the JAC, Yoodahun Ki Shylla said that the road has been constructed by Dhar Company. Samla Yoodahun Ki Shylla said that the company has not implemented the road in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the PWD. ei the money of the people, and it has also caused trouble to the large number of travellers.
The Block as a whole after deciding and recommending Albertus Lapang who is a young man whom the Congress party sees that he can bring about a lot of development.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has announced that the curfew has been continued in the district to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, March 25: A 16-year-old girl named Puja Kumari Shah, 16, has gone missing from her residence at Lamavilla, Shillong since and from that time forth there was nothing for the child.
Speaking to reporters, the president of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the people of the area have been facing problems for 25 years in terms of roads. They urged the Minister who is also the MLA of this constituency to take action on this demand of the party.
M Mangu, working president of the MCPC, said that as the supporters of the MLA, they want the court to expedite the trial so that the people can enjoy their daily lives.
MPCC President Bah DD Lapang, other Ministers of the government like Clemet Marak and others welcomed the guests at Congress Bhavan. only.
Meanwhile, Bah E Kharmalki IAS, Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of Land Affairs, has been appointed as Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 01: U Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA of Mawhati, after being sworn in as a Minister in the Government, on Tuesday said that the number of jobs in Ri Bhoi District is still high. trying to climb.
On the basis of this complaint, the police have conducted an investigation to find out whether this is a robbery or a murder.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Titosstarwell Chyne said that if there is no complaint from the District Council, the District Council will appoint its full Syiem. no part of no but to ensure the rule of law within the Hima as a whole.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister promised to the MDC of Mawhati that he will discuss the matter with the Chief Minister of Assam regarding the deployment of CRPF personnel in the area. you bag in Umlaper.
When investigation was conducted, it was found that they had a conspiracy to sell Yaba tablets and police have arrested the four persons who were inside the vehicle. The arrested were identified as Akoijam Subhachandra Singh, Samphangso Shinglai, Nganba Wairokpham Chenglei and Nengneichong Lhanglal from Manipur.
PN Syiem has alleged that Banshai Marbaniang is working more as a politician than as a leader of the Bhalang. prime minister, this clearly shows that he has a close relationship with the prime minister.
Regarding the illegal collection of taxes, the Minister said that tax collection does not take place within the border of Meghalaya as the state has recognized synsar as an agricultural commodity.
He said that the coming of the Lord Jesus this Christmas will bring peace and unity among mankind.
Tripura won 2 gold, 7 silver and 7 bronze medals, Arunachal Pradesh won 1 medal in sports, Sikkim won 5 silver and 1 bronze medal. Mizoram won one silver medal.
This stinginess of the employees has caused a huge loss to the electricity consumers in the area.
Dr Kara Shen, Secretary, Co-Ordination Committee, said in a statement.
Shillong, July 29: With the aim of encouraging the students of Mawlai to strive to rise higher, the Samla Mawlai Pyllun Association (MSA) has held a ceremony to honor those students who have passed well in the Mawlai Examination. examine their at different levels.
People start using tobacco at the age of 9 to 10 people start using tobacco at the age of 18 years, 98 to 100 people start using tobacco at the age of 26 years and There are only 3 or 4 adults and this use of tobacco has led to an increase in this food or drink.
The HFU on Tuesday held a meeting in Tura to elect the office bearers of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) West Garo Hills District.
The ACHR said the government of India through the President of India should have sentenced Devender Singh Bhullar to life imprisonment.
When Meghalaya became a full state (Block-I), it became a border dispute.
The Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday expelled SEC member Avner Medon Pariat for speaking against the party.
Therefore, the difference in population should be taken into account when looking at the special allocation,” said Bah Saiborn.
The daily traffic jam has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially those ambulances carrying patients.
: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday met face to face in Shillong to discuss the border settlement and decided to maintain peace before The inspection was conducted in the border areas in April this year.
The Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR), which is one of the most powerful agencies in India, has approved the SCTIMST to start this treatment.
The Congress MDCs who signed the letter are Cherak Watre Momin, Nehru D Sangma, Agassi R Marak, Nadhiram M Sangma, Alphonsush Marak, Habibuz Zaman and Ashahel. D Shira, Pardinanad D Shira, Sunjay Koch, Rinaldo K Sangma and Lahitson M Sangma.
Shillong, Nailar 7: Pankaj Bhusal, 45, has died of COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital today, the Director of Health Services (DHS) today said.
The flooding of the Shella River has caused damage to the roads, security fences and bridges inside Shella village which have been constructed by various Government Departments.
After the arrest of the Khar Bangladesh, the Nongtyngur Village Authority has handed him over to the KSU Nongtyngur Unit for further investigation and handed him over to the Police for punishment according to the law.
The Government will direct the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to issue a notice in this regard.
As part of the celebration, the Eastern Air Command conducted a flight on November 4, 2021 which flew over the Umiam River at 10 pm.
The fastest and easiest tourism is the tourism industry where people from this region go to Bangladesh and also from Bangladesh come to this region. you are from Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the BSF on the border with Bangladesh conduct raids from time to time and many times they have seized not only Shini but also clothes and other items. same.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 19: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa today convened a meeting with all the officers of the Election Department of West Khasi Hills District.
U Dalseng Beer Ch.
Other executive members include Bah K Phlasting Pangniang of HSPDP, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit of KHNAM, Bah L Goodleaderson Nongsiej of District Council. HSPDP, Transport, Information and Technology and Town Committee.
The state police have also taken action to track down the caller who demanded money from the doctor.
This state is a state of peace and peace will come.
The President of India will stay in Shillong overnight and the next day he will leave for Assam where he will meet with the people of Assam to conclude his visit to Meghalaya. Assam.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) Rituraj Ravi (IPS) has been arrested for allegedly arresting Bindas Syiem from the Additional Secretariat. He was transferred to the hospital on the night of the 8th of this month and has been transferred to the post of Commandant of the 6th Battalion at Umran.
In the evening, the President will attend a program organized by the Government of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today expressed its gratitude to Colin Laloo, one of the former leaders of the Union in the past years. He has decided to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council this year with the aim of serving the country and the people better.
The goal of the HNLC is not separation or integration but we are determined to get recognition as a nation whether inside or outside India.
Myntri Rangbah Duh spoke about the aspirations of the youth in the region to see the development of the North East like East Asia and said he is determined to achieve this.
Shillong, July 04: The INC has won again from Tura after 20 years. Shillong, July 04: Dr. Ricky Andrew J Syngkon of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has won the election. VOTPP) in the Lok Sabha MP elections, has resulted in the party winning the 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency after 30 years.
Viewed as a whole, the PMMY has achieved its objectives of having a systematic supply of basic needs in the sixth year of operation by promoting self-employment in all sectors of society, doubling the development the participation of women and the participation of minorities.
Padmini Singla IAS, Commissioner SJETA/Education, Government of Arunachal Pradesh welcomed the participants.
This campaign on water conservation should not be limited to government activities.
Shillong, June 10: CSIR-CMERI has showcased its technologies at the Conclave and Techno-Fair on Transforming Meghalaya State Through Science and Technology Interventions organized by the North East Center for Technology Application and Reach (NECTAR). ), which is the DST Group, of the Government of India.
He said that the facilities for treatment of serious diseases such as diabetes, cancer and blood related diseases should be brought to these centres.
Dr. Arup Kumar Misra, Chairman, Pollution Control Board, Assam and Dr. Asish Kumar Mukharjee, Director, Institute of Advanced Study in Science and Technology, Guwahati were the chief guests at the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: For the smooth running of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election 2018, the District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills District has requested and strongly urged the civil society organizations to participate in the upcoming Assembly Elections groups to refrain from holding meetings during this election period.
The KHADC Enforcement Department was led by the Superintendent of Labour, Bah Albert Lanong.
The boundaries of the Himas shall be in accordance with the Assam Reorganization Act 1969, the North Eastern Areas Act 1971 and Paragraph 20 Part II of the Sixth Schedule and the boundaries of the Himas shall be in accordance with the United Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills District.
It is here that there is a need for knowledgeable and skilled people who have all the knowledge regarding the mining industry and such people who have been able to do so have existed.
The East Khasi Hills District authorities have banned the protest in front of the Secretariat following the arrival of Union Defense Minister Amit Shah and Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States. to attend the one-day meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on Thursday.
“It is not only us who park vehicles on the road but they (government employees) also park vehicles,” said Bah Suting. vehicles along the IGP Road and along the Treasury Road, Lachaumiere.
The ejahar also named 23 others involved in the murder.
The AIKSCC stands on the ground to demand that the Government of India should implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) or to set the price of agricultural products of farmers across India and also to forgive the debt. of farmers in the Country.
However, the engineer has not yet responded to this question.
In his speech, Bah Vincent H Pala said that many of the leaders want to get a better land and also a land to get a lat to serve the people better and the saleng is one. from leaders to continue to rise in politics.
According to the Meghalaya Police, Bah Sorgy is involved in many crimes and has escaped from the arrest of the law enforcement agencies, said the SP. In the evening, the police brought the case before the District and Session Judge, Shillong and the court gave 10 days to the police to investigate against him.
On the other hand, all the speakers expressed the same voice that the CAB will be a threat to a paid state like Meghalaya where the people are indigenous.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: After a condolence meeting and lighting of candles held by the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF and JSU in front of the monument of Kiang Nagbah, a stone throwing ceremony was held by the people who could not. There is also a Police Boot in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The National People's Party (NPP) has announced that it will support the party candidate Pongseng Marak from the North Garo Hills constituency.
Although the students did not encounter any wildlife during the visit, the wildlife species in the area include the Royal Bengal Tiger, Indian Bison and Himalayan. Black bear, clouded leopard, brown hornbill, Manipur bush quail, rufous necked hornbill, and many other animals.
Shillong, March 02: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC of Nongthymmai today expressed his opposition to the claim by former ANVC(B) Chairman Rimpu Marak that the Garo people are Garo. The former Chairman of the ANVC(B) has opposed the removal of the word “Unrepresented Tribes” from the Sixth Schedule. The Central Government wants to change, his opposition is that Garo should be appointed MDCs in KHADC and JHADC and they have nothing to say if Khasi are appointed in GHADC. There is nothing to say about the ANVC's alliance with the central government and the increase in the number of MDCs in Garo Hills, but it should not affect the Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Bah Tynsong, urged all the Village Authorities in the state not to issue their own rules and regulations but to follow the rules issued by the government in terms of quarantine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U Bah Disparsing Rani, one of the volunteers today said that through the RTI received by MeECL, it has become clear that even the land owners who have given land to The construction of the Umtru Hydro Power Project has cost T.250/- per square meter but the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi has paid only T.30/- per square meter.
Shillong, March 07: The Under Secretary of Meghalaya, Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps Department today announced that the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriages Rules, on the fifth of this month.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1002, with 1476 deaths so far.
In a letter sent to all the Deputy Commissioners, Bah Diengdoh said that 10 districts in the state except East Khasi Hills District are under the Green Zone due to lack of information. There are no cases of COVID-1
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the Khasi Author Society (KAS), Dr DRL Nonglait, said that until now there has been no such think tank on the Khasi language. This article published by the SP News Agency is very useful because it does not cover an important part.
Where are the 5 seats? All these problems found by the party have been found to be acts of violence and attacks on the Khasi, Garo and Non-tribals which violates the rights of the people. of them to study MBBS through government scholarship.
Other speakers on the occasion were R Awasthi, IPS, Director General, Civil Defense and Home Guards, Bah S Rangad, Commandant, Mawdiangdiang.
In accordance with paragraph 12A @) of the Sixth Schedule, and through the issuance of an order by the President of India that certain provisions of the Central Government Act relating to Mines such as Mines The Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973 etc. should be amended to enable the State Government to issue a license or mining lease in respect of mining. coal in places where there is little coal.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The High Court today ordered the arrest of four members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for investigation into allegations of involvement in The owner of the shop in Bishanapur.
“In the conversation, they always emphasized their views and I have always spoken on my position,” he said.
Police on receiving this information rushed to the scene.
The former CEM of KHADC said that the teachers' laws are related to the Hima, but the VAB is related to the village authorities.
It is also necessary to curb the influx of foreign authorities and to prevent unclean marriage.
He also urged all the people to respect and enrich the great discovery of the ancestors which is the language which is also a recognition of the culture of the nation.
Police said that the weight of the drugs was 9400 mg. The bullets were published in the newspapers. Police recovered a mobile phone and a plate of snieh from him. black.
Later, the work slowed down but after 2015, a new era of economic development began.
The use of this drug in Bangladesh is used as an alcoholic beverage instead of kyiad and Bangladesh has banned the use of this drug.
The public testing of those in four districts of BSF Umpling camp has started today, at Umpling village and other places like Nongmynsong, Mawpat and Langkyrding will start tomorrow.
Others who attended the function were Rev. DR Sohkhlet, Moderator of KJPA, Rev. NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary of KJPA, Rev. P. Dkhar, President of KJP Synod Sepngi. to the school Managing Committee, Mr. W.S.Challam, District School Education Officer, kong.
He said that this road is important because it will connect the North East with other countries of East Asia through this corridor and this will bring about a change in the economy of the country. It is located in the southwest of India.
During the hearing, the court issued a notice to the leaders of the Bhalang to pay to the government the loss of T.31.09 crore due to the protest.
He said that 2013 was the year of the longest protests and this has prompted the government to have a special police force.
She also represented Meghalaya at the MTB Tawang National CFI Championship held in Tawang, where she won a gold medal.
As the teachers who have been dismissed, they will hold an emergency meeting and announce another protest because this discussion has not been fruitful. meeting with the Chief Minister.
Referring to the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state, the Governor said that this is the responsibility of the President of India. He said that if the Chief Minister invites him to Delhi to talk to the Central Government, he is ready to go to Delhi to talk to the Central Government. At the same time, the Governor of Meghalaya said that he respects the decision of the Legislative Assembly and the demand of the people. the office of the President of India and the office of the Central Government.
The District Health Society, West Jaintia Hills has organized this celebration inside the grounds of the hospital to educate the public on how to have a healthy family.
Dr Lapang's joining the NPP will strengthen the party ahead of the Lok Sabha MP elections in 2019 and the MDC elections to the two Legislative Assemblies. Dr Lapang will be welcomed into the party by NPP President Conrad K Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of the state. NPP leaders from the state will also be present.
He said he has requested the file from the Social Welfare Department and will look into it thoroughly.
The DEO HAH All India Karate Championship 2024 was held on 27th and 28th June 2024. The team won 10 gold and 18 silver medals. and 29 Rynong medals.
The Government now intends to move the PWD North Division office from Jowai to Shangpung which is still under Laskein Block to bring the Government offices closer to the public. Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
Police have arrested R Sten from his residence in Umsohsun.
More than 150 out of 324 VECs have not yet received roads, more than 100 out of 100 VECs do not have potable drinking water, and more than 20 villages have no VECs. they don’t have any electricity.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi Unit on Tuesday, June 22, 2023, under the leadership of its Publicity Secretary, Samla Romey Sohbar, after expressing its concern from the family members to leave for Rajasthan.
“Another statement to the VHP on the claim that it looks after all the citizens of India, but the surprising thing is that the VHP looks after those mynder foreigners who come here. villagers who obtained their documents through smuggling and does not look after us the indigenous people of this area.
We are also delighted that women play a big role in our award-winning success.
There are 75 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 66 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. to this day.
“We therefore urge the State Government to take all necessary measures to ensure that the law should be implemented and that those involved will be punished according to the rules,” he said. “It's a great shame for this state of ours which is famous for its lawlessness and corruption committed by those in power.
The Services team has reached the final with 12 players in 13 bouts and has won 10 out of these
The tournament, which started from November 17, 2017 to November 20, 2017 at Girish Park, Kolkata, was organized by the Taekondo Academy of Excellence. males and 6 females.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Elbina Nongkhlaw, Vice President of the Union, said that the Union has sent many petitions to the State Government. Since 2012, they have been left in the cupboards of the State Government.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have expressed their deep surprise and disappointment over the release of the District Selection Committee (DSC) list. ) West Jaintia Hills District to those candidates who have passed the Written Interview for the post of Soil and Water Conservation Demonstrator (Jr-1) up to two times.
Shillong, March 06: Terakchi K Marak, Assistant Conservator of Forest (ACF) in charge of Simsanggre Range, has lodged a complaint with the police that on 29th November, vehicles entering the government forest.
Shillong, July 14: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Martin M Danggo on Tuesday said that “the news of leaving the NPP is to distance me from the Chief Minister. in the media as well as on social media".
He was ordained Lyndoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
The Director said that 2 cases have been recovered from East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 13820 cases.
The players of Meghalaya have worked hard to show their skills against the strongest state in the North East, the first goal was scored by Figo Syndai, the second goal was scored by Figo Syndai. Nelson Rymbai scored the third goal in the second half while Everbrightson Mylliempdah scored the third goal.
In the release of the results, the Internal Assessment paper marks have been awarded but in the Theory paper, the marks have been awarded to all teachers even if they are from the same institution and in relation to the Workshop Base Activities (WBA). ) and Practice Teaching has been maintained in the same way and the names of the parents of the teachers have been the same.
Shillong, Naitung 20: To commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the death of Bah Terence Rynjah, Sordar of Jongsha Village, Shillong. Their father, they organized a football tournament known as the (L) Terence Rynjah Football Memorial Trophy.
It is said that the British brought 50,000 people, including Assam, from West Bengal and Bihar at that time.
As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the HYC in 2024, the Blood Donation Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday held a blood donation ceremony at the Community Hall, NEHU, Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council.
Regarding this road, he said that as the leader of the area, he will talk to the Chief Minister to find ways and means to improve this road whether it is from the CRF or the World Bank. “It is surprising that the construction of the national highway from Baghmara to Ranikor has started while this part has been abandoned,” said Renikton.
Since its inception, NIIT Shillong has trained more than 10,000 youth and has employed more than 4,000 youth outside government jobs. they are not working in banks.
Referring to the poor, he said that the government has sought ways and means to help them especially those who have BPL Cards but the people of this area have not come forward to seek assistance. Most of the beneficiaries of the central government's assistance are from West Bengal, he said.
In this regard, the Government has not taken any decision.
However, as Assam is still part of India and Meghalaya is still part of India, there should be a way to change the soskular as the civil society leaves the wisdom of the government how to do it. However, the Government should not ignore or forget the plight of the people living on the border.
Bah Lyngdoh is one of the former Home Ministers of Meghalaya and has also been one of the leading thinkers on the issue of rural development in Meghalaya. After a thorough review of his performance, the university has approved the appointment of him as the head of the department in Meghalaya.
According to the information, the Horticulture Department has reached the second year and in East Khasi Hills District alone they have received about 5000 5 thousand hectares.
Almost all the songs are about nature and culture of the nation, although there are a few about love and selfishness.
The BSF troops were delighted to have this opportunity to meet with the actor Comin who has done many things to please these troops who have surrendered themselves for the sake of the BSF. to protect one's own country in the borders.
A special presentation of the program was held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong where dignitaries from various parts of the State witnessed the presentation.
Replying in the House, Bah Basaiawmoit said that the Executive Committee wants to clarify whether the news is true or false.
This happened in Shillong, where police arrested a Khasi youth from his residence in Laban on Thursday last month after the shooting of two foreign youths on the same day in Shillong. the unknown people are who they are.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The office of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the Meghalaya government at Kyrdemkulai has been set on fire by unidentified persons on the second day of the night curfew.
Shillong, March 2: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the first farm at Kyiem village in East Khasi Hills District under Mawphlang Block to promote agriculture. which is known as the Custom Hiring Centre.
On the reforms in education, the Minister spoke about the New Educational Policy and said it has changed the aspirations of the youth of India.
Humans are now trying to land on Mars and are now opposed to sending to Plato, to go to other heavenly bodies with the powers of this age that cannot be reached. open the ways to acquire new skills.
She said the Meghalaya government should write to the Chairman of the CSB to purchase the Automatic Railing Machines (ARM) in which the CSB through the central government will provide assistance of up to 95 percent and the government should pay only. 25% to the village insect farmers, she said in the presence of the Director of Ryndia Insect Production Department, Meghalaya Government.
He said that the teachers of deficit schools have had to hold a strike to get the DA. “The government should not misunderstand that we have not contributed anything.
The office bearers of the SSSS are Pynshaibok Diengdoh as Chairman, Symper Ryntathiang as Shngoner, Samuel Biam as Vice Chairman, Vivan R Kharkongor as General Secretary. there are 24 employees.
There is no drinking water, no roads and so on.
Speaking at the budget presentation, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that 232 acres of land has been allocated for the construction of buildings in the New Shillong Administrative City. to have a large administrative complex in which the Secretariat building and all the offices of the Directorates will be located.
Former MLA Martin M Danggo has decided to resign from the post of MLA to work with the Civil Sub Division for the sake of the people of Ranikor. related to government jobs.
This disease doesn't forgive anyone, it will be a sadness for the families if someone tests positive, this is no longer the time to ask questions but it is time to join hands to prevent this. pain when there are deficiencies mention to improve.
This shows that it is in conflict with the Office Memorandum issued in 2022,” he added.
Before the MLA elections, the construction of this road started from Mawphlang and now the construction of the road has reached Rampnar for a year.
He said that two more leaders of the party including the Vice President and General Secretary will be summoned to appear before the police in the coming days.
With a broader vision of SabkaSaathSabkaVikas, Modi 2.0 is working hard and seeking the trust of all SabkaVishwas.
The Lad-Lakadong Dacoity Camp was set up in June 2016 and the union wants the government to fully implement the police station in the area so that vehicles cannot drive. They will not be allowed to walk at night. If this curfew cannot be implemented, the government will do nothing.
In Garo Hills, 282 houses were damaged in Baghmara Block, South Garo Hills while in Chokpot, 10 houses were damaged. were destroyed and 42 people were affected.
If the different departments that produce those jobs are sufficient to prepare the roster.
The AJYWO also requested the Prime Minister to remove the NGT from Meghalaya as Meghalaya falls under the Scheduled Areas under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India. that the people living in this state are low paid, who are still far behind in all aspects and also that the land tenure system is completely different from other states. parts of India, which still need a lot of assistance from the central government for development in all aspects.
If the strike continues as it is now, it will be difficult to get rice and dai in the market, which will be a problem for the people.
Zenith Sangma MLA and Symbut President of the AITC party has alleged that this is a corruption, how much can be imagined and until they no longer have that responsibility for the corruption, this should be investigated and punished. according to the law, those who have hands.
But, what is more important to note is that only our 3rd and 4th demands have been approved by the Government out of the five demands," he added.
The meeting will also discuss the issues related to the problems and discrimination against all the Murter Rolls in the area in their respective areas as happens from time to time.
On the other hand, the TGCSU said that they do not want to have a strike but it is the government that forces them to take the strike.
The same incident happened to Rutha Buansing, who lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri police station and had to pay T.81,210 tyngka. I have not yet received John Moore Promised who promised to send me this gift.
At the same time, 45 scouts and guides from Meghalaya were awarded the Rajya Puraskar Award.
The closing ceremony will be held on the 30th of November by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan and there will also be a program in the evening.
When asked what he had to say, he said he didn't know anything. “I also read in the media. to see the development of Meghalaya.
Explanatory speeches and encouragement were given on the benefits of martial arts such as judo, kickboxing, wushu, jet kune-do and muaythai in terms of discipline. , health and employment opportunities through sports and educational opportunities available to higher levels.
The training was conducted by Bah A Khongwir, Sector Officer, District Election Office, Ri-Bhoi District. Khasi, who performed songs to educate the people on how to cast their votes on the 9th of this month.
Shillong, March 01: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) today decided to cancel its plan to rally at the Secretariat on the 3rd of this month due to the absence of its leaders. today from prison.
He said that now the streets of Delhi are free from people in power and the voice of the poor can be heard.
The 61 cases of COVID-19 in Shillong are from different parts of the city. One case from CM Bungalow has tested positive. This increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 has increased due to the setting up of testing centers in public places in Shillong.
On the other hand, these people from time to time have tried to get their names included in the electoral roll so that they can exercise their right to elect a leader but until now they have not. get because it is blocked by many groups.
"It's the people who have taken this film to the level it is today, and they have embraced it as their own," he added.
Shakliar said the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Sports Department has taken steps to encourage the youth to take up sports not only as a sport but also as a sports activities. that lat earned.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle under the leadership of Rutherford Lyngdoh, President and Plosborlin Kharjahrin, General Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, has held a meeting.
Speaking to SP News Agency, James A Dragon said the English Access Micro-Scholarship Program is to teach students to learn English well. English languages ​​are easier to get jobs.
All of them alleged that this was the act of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills.
Six months ago, the MDA government leaders have started to remind Amit Shah of his visit to Shillong to show the people that they have not lied to their word. respond to the news reports.
On this day, many farmers were also present.
Wankhar said the results of the Prelims will be released in November. She said that there are 35 vacancies for the MSC category, 5 vacancies for the total, 14 vacancies for the MSC category. for the Khasi-Jaintia, 14 for the Garo and 2 for the others.
Many of them said that instead of improving this place, the government has closed it down.
“We have to suggest that the current Job Reservation Policy should not be implemented or extended for reservations in relation to admissions in educational institutions and for those who are studying abroad in the field of the state.
This will be of benefit to the students who come especially from low income families,” he said.
The FKJGP urges all the people to cooperate with the state government and the government of India in this fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. Deibok President of FKJGP Bataw Constituency.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday demanded that the NPP-led MDA government should take immediate action to evict the Harijans living in Iewmawlong area. The demand for the eviction of these people has been going on for more than three years.
Shillong, November 07: The Central Government and the State Government have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the opening of the office of the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD). India, in Shillong and Tura.
We should not be influenced by these songs and not by bad things.
In the complaint to the police, it was said that the robbers stole the plate containing T.60,000/-, a mobile phone and an ATM card.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Teachers today gave some suggestions to the Ministry of Education, regarding the SSLC and HSLC examination which is usually held in the month of June should be held in June other examinations of the Central Government.
He said that the MLAs who are members of the Bill have attended the meeting, except for two because they are not in the state, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP and Cherak W Momin. have.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: U Bah Pasbha Kharngi, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee of Sohiong Hima, on Tuesday said that if the KHADC does not do the work as promised by the Deputy CEM before them, they will resume the raid. From the Hima Jirang to the Hima Sohiong, the protest will intensify.
The Prime Minister declined to comment on the matter, saying he did not have the details at the moment.
“When the elections are over, we expect to visit Khanduli-Psiar and Block I at the site to be arranged but we have not yet arranged the site,” he said.
The Minister also gave a big announcement on the scheme to provide 50 years interest-free loans to the States which will be continued this year with a deposit of T1 .3 lakh crores.
In the Khasi thought, the land called Meiramew is the source of all living things, then the shylluit, the seilung, the speh, the man, the san and the mer until they are born. the time to grow fully, to grow until it withers, falls and dies completely so that the new seeds begin again to grow, to be born again, to continue their inheritance of life and so on.
The KSU does not oppose the celebration or religious practice of anyone because any nation has the right to serve any religion as they please, but the celebration or religious practice should not bring about the destruction of any religion. tyllong um is the river.
On the same day, with the pride that from Meghalaya too, there have been great men who have taken part in the struggle to liberate the country from the hands of foreigners. Tirot Singh, Kiang Nongbah, Pa Togan Sangma and others who volunteered for the day.
On the other hand, the KSU today met with the PCCF of the Forest Department and demanded that he should explain to the public about this action.
He added that their selection from the state is also an encouragement to other students in the Academy to work hard to achieve such a goal.
In a meeting with KS Kropha, Principal Secretary to the State Government, he said that the money would be released before Durga Puja but till date the government has not released the money.
Besides, he was a man who had contributed greatly to the welfare of the community with a pure heart.
The meeting was attended by EMs of KHADC, KSU, HYC, FKJGP, GSU, HNYF, RBYF, Union of Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities.
Speaking as the chief guest, the DC congratulated the PHE department for doing this and this is the first scheme in Meghalaya to be successful. More than 40 households can get water from this well.
“On this day, tupia and sopti phong with inscriptions to protect the environment were launched and trees were planted in the grounds of the hospital.
The new Maharishi Valmiki International Airport in India will connect us with Ayodhya Dham and the new and sacred Ram Temple.
If the government of Conrad Sangma makes a wrong decision here, it will lose all its lives and it will be difficult to recover later.
To promote tourism, the state has received T.18,000 crore for the construction of highways and T.500 crore for village roads through the PMGSY scheme. The world's tourists don't have to build roads.
CRP teams led by Asst Commander Jogesh Kumar and Sub-Inspector Suresh Paswan, employees of Topcem Cement led by company officials including GS Sodhi, SK Rai, SK Sinha, Rajes Ranjan, SK Singh and others along with teachers' school students and a group of women under the banner of Ekta Club.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten said that the party strongly warns against such politicians and if found, the party will take strong action.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Minister Conrak K Sangma said that during the meeting, the MDA discussed the MP elections in the state. Sabha and they want that as a group there should be only one candidate.
On the other hand, the Seng has demanded that the names of the applicants at the same time the Eligible Candidates, Shortlisted Candidates and Selected Candidates should be published on the website of NECTAR along with the marks so that the marks they have received should be published. examinations and interviews so that there will be no discrimination by the authorities.
This vision document is now available to the State Government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, they said that the venue is very beautiful, but the inability to clean and improve the games by the MTDC in charge of the venue has made it difficult to see. to this tourist attraction.
Regarding this school, it is pleasant to develop it.
On the other hand, the MTTA requests the police to issue ID cards, said General Secretary Diganta Nath.
Regarding other districts of the state, the government has handed over to the Deputy Commissioners to look after and issue announcements according to the vacancies in their districts, he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Lambor said that the absence of the C&RD Block has put the people of the area in trouble.
Gregory Alya Warjri, founder of NOMADS, opened the workshop by sharing his experiences as a tour guide and stressing the importance of safety when travelling.
The demands of the JACATCM members are that the government should transfer the teachers to the government, the payment of salaries should be equal to all, and other demands. the first thing they didn't do.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Education Department of the State Government should completely cancel the Sociology Class 12 Indian School Certificate in Meghalaya. Manjir Gosh is not a member of the Kalyani Company.
This is strictly illegal according to the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous Hills Act,
The body of the deceased was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital Shillong and placed in the morgue. The examination of the body was conducted by ringing video in the presence of the Magistrate. The post mortem was conducted in the presence of doctors.
There are 13 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ri Bhoi, 15 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. , 3 cases from Ri Bhoi and 2 cases from West Garo Hills.
Within a year, this government has been able to do many things that the people have wanted and this government will work for the development of the state as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should introduce a Community and Rural Development Block in Wahkaji. and the head of South West Khasi Hills District.
There are 37 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 21 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from East Garo Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. Hills 1, 9112 cases have been recovered so far.
Not only that, we also request them to participate actively with their questions or suggestions on this issue so that it will be for the benefit of the country and the nation.
On the other hand, the DC urged the public to refrain from spreading false news.
He added that the country is facing major economic challenges due to COVID-19, and the Government is working hard to overcome them.
He said that every year thousands of precious lives are lost in accidents and the reason is due to reckless driving, speeding and disrespect for the rights of others.
Shillong, March 29: Former President of the FKJGP (UDP) Shillong City has been elected as the Joint Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP). .
Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated the Speaker for bringing together all the members to an agreement on the construction of the Legislative Assembly building which led to the construction and implementation of this section. in this new facility.
The union wants to tell the government that the government should reduce the lighting, increase the price of light bills and the government should strengthen the distribution of electricity. food to the public.
He urged that as Khasi medicine practitioners who have a close relationship with the people, they can explain this issue.
These 30 coal trucks are to supply coal to cement companies in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Police today received a tip that about 10 NDFB cadres and robbers from Garo Hills have gone into hiding at Tarasin village in East Garo Hills District.
“Furthermore, the Minister expressed his commitment to recruit up to 14,500 children.
Those carrying more than T.50,000 should produce their pan cards and other relevant documents.
The first rule laid down by the Election Commission is that polling stations with more than 1000 votes should have two polling stations.
In this regard, the MBCC has requested the leaders to take action and remove this signboard from this village.
Dr Arvind Panagariya, Chairman of the NITI Aayog and former Professor at Columbia University, will head the commission as Chairman and Ritvik Ranjanam Pandey will be Secretary of the Commission.
Commenting on the release of Dr. Rev. Fr. Warpakma's book, Prof. Streamlet said, “As a scholar besides as a Principal, I have spent time researching.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) today raided the licenses of shops along the road from Stand Jeep to Iewmawlong.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Meghalaya Sports Committee today held a ceremony to honor all the winners of various sports abroad and inside India.
In fact, the villagers want to know what the political parties think and where they stand on the issue of uranium mining? It is unacceptable that the Hima political parties should remain silent on these issues.
He also advised them to visit the PM Sangrahalaya and the National War Memorial while they are in Delhi.
These days, the youths took part actively and received many benefits through the speakers. On Sunday, the program was concluded with a Holy Mass in the presence of Father Probester Nongseij. He is also the parish priest of Nangbah Parish.
Regarding the assistance to the employees when they are sick, he said that the KHADC has invited the Oriental Insurance Company to discuss this issue and to come and explain to the employees. KHADC. According to the discussion, if the company can pay T.300 per month, the company can pay for medical treatment up to T.3,00,000/- per annum.
Passes can be collected from the office of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, on the 5th and 6th June 2021 from 9:00 AM.
To clarify on this demand, the drivers of commercial vehicles said that the central government charges 19 tyngka per liter and if the state government increases it by 25%. in accordance with the revenue collection of the Central Government.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that all this had to be done because the collision is a daily occurrence and this has also caused the loss of life to prevent the tragic incident. The police will not be able to implement this new strategy.
The Jalkun scheme is to dig a dam so that they can build new types of water to supply water to the farmland of the farmers. that well they shall draw water to their fields.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: Police of Hallydayganj Police Station today seized T.6.40 lakh from two persons while searching parked vehicles.
The coach of Shillong Lajong FC said that the match was very important and Shillong Lajong FC have the hope of winning the match.
The meeting was held at the Jaiaw Lumpyllon Dorbar Hall and was conducted by the president of the union, Bah FC Shulai. their meeting.
Ms Silbi will now prepare to receive the award from the hands of the President of India at a function to be held at Rashtrapati Bhawan in October or June this year.
They have now decided to suspend the strike.
On the other hand, the union would like to urge the higher authorities such as the BDO in charge of the villages in Mawsynram Block to urge the Rangbah Shnongs to explain to the public in each village that they should inform the public so that the tourists can come and go. There is no need to worry about the disease.
The total amount of this amount has reached T2,58,60,688 and the beneficiaries are 41 landowners.
On the demand for SEKH District, the Prime Minister today did not respond yes or no, but said the government is still considering the matter. this work.
“You must always have the spirit of not giving up without overcoming the challenges and when you reach the goal don't let pride win but always be humble and set an example to other young people. with dignity and honor,” he said.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, July 05: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today arrived at Bathinda and from there he was supposed to visit the National Martyrs Memorial at Hussainiwala. helicopter.
In the coaching class held at Mawkhar Christian School, the students had the opportunity to prepare themselves for the examination for the post of Engineering Assistant conducted by the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) for the All India. Radio & Television.
At the same time, the MSSASA Leader invited and invited the SSA UP and LP teachers to come and participate in this day to encourage and support this group of teachers.
The topography and the problems of the people in this area we feel that it should be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A total of 14 candidates from different parties have filed their nomination papers today for the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The National People's Party (NPP) has lodged a complaint with the Election Commission (EC) against Dr Mukul Sangma for misusing a public helicopter to transport him and Congress candidate Daryl William Momin.
Two laptops, four pen drives, five check books of various banks, three SIM cards, two debit cards and an iPad phone were seized from the suspect.
I received a speech from Ma.
The Central Government has allowed these States to re-employ those teachers who have not completed their training in order to fully implement the education of children in schools.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Secretary of the UDA, said that on the first day of 9/12/2019, they will send a letter to the Governor of the State to show their position. MDCs in the 29-member Assembly.
The initiative of the higher authorities from the Minister in charge of PWD, the Officers of the PWD Department and especially the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, who have worked hard to complete within the stipulated time for the construction of the The NH-44 or Jowai By Pass passes through Four Miles and ends at Orchin, Mukhla.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Dalu Mother Union, Garo Hills State Movement Committee together with the police of Dalu Police Station today jointly arrested illegal timber traders in the area. They were able to seize the trees in the vehicle and a vehicle carrying buyers.
“In all the achievements of the family, the mother is behind it,” said the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan.
In the presence of the leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle, the KSU Umrynjah Unit distributed copies, lets, khulom, instrument boxes and robal to 60 students from this village.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah on Monday announced that Section 144 CrPC has been imposed on all shops in Shillong. 10.00 pm from Tuesday 12/7/2
This figure shows that there is a lot of difference in the number of students and schools.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed two deaths from COVID-19, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Eastern West Khasi Hills. The number of confirmed cases has risen to 1577 so far.
A few days ago, RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav said that there would be a major political event in Bihar after the counting of votes in the Lok Sabha elections.
From West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills, 23-Mairang-Nongkhlaw Metbah Lyngdoh UDP, 11907.24-Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Brolding Nongsiej UDP, 10280.25-Mawkyrwat, Hadrian Lyngdoh UDP, INo7.4dyLangri ngstoin, Goodleaderson Nongsiej HSPDP, 11353.28-Rambrai Jyrngam, plastingwell Pangniang HSPDP, 7915 and from 29-Mawsynrut, Morningstar Mawsor HSPDP,
“We have decided that the simultaneous issuance of job certificates should start so that the feeling of completing projects on time comes to all departments," he said. that RozgarMela.
One of the achievements of Meghalaya was the story presented by Bakshi on the topic, “Total sanitation through behavior change in Meghalaya”. mission to raise awareness among the public on the importance of cleanliness.
It is not only about physical fitness but also about the experience of oneness with oneself, the world and nature.
He said that after the PIL filed by GR Marak against the Government of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order on 5/04/2 The Government should not be directed to bring about the regulation of the workers in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest expressed his appreciation to the Social Service Centre, Shillong Archdiocese for their efforts and vision to serve the community. He said that the Social Service Centre, Shillong Archdiocese has truly fulfilled the motto “Serving to others is part of serving God”. From the parents, youth and even children to use these Compost Bins properly so that it will bring about a clean environment in the Shnong ka Thaw and in the community as a whole. Cleanliness is Next to Godliness.
It is suspected that some people have not informed the police.
Shillong, November 16: It is surprising that the road construction department of the state government has not been able to complete the road from Mawsynram to Thiedieng village for 39 years.
In Ri Khasi, the global warming has increased the production of water in the rivers and streams, which has affected the shortage of drinking water, agriculture and the development of villages, he said. KSU Environment Secretary Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew said in a statement.
The incident happened in Mukroh village under the constituency of Bah Nujorki Syngoh MLA of the party, and as a sign of sorrow over this incident the party has suspended the announcement with the Minister of Home Affairs. the state went to the scene.
Shillong, :ber 06: The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the police will now use hand held breath alcohol analyzers to arrest a drunk driver. .
It is to be recalled that the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai was first launched in 1994, which was before the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, which was a sign of preaching and encouragement. Thank you to your fellow citizens of the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Along with his achievements in yoga, he works as an Assistant Director of the Press Information Bureau in Guwahati under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Union Government.
New Delhi, November 18: The fish has a special place not only in the evolution of species, but also in the folklore of all ancient cultures.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bhanusib Rnga, Assistant Secretary, Warding Farmer's Association (WFA), said that the reason for the bloodshed is the lack of political activities.
This footbridge has been planned since the time of Bah LG Nongsiej as MDC but has not been completed due to lack of funds. compete.
The meeting was attended by the Secretary, Addl Secretary MDONER, Secretary NEC, CMD and other senior officials of MDoNER and NEC. informed that 100% of the work of the Department has been done through e-Office, which makes it easier to work in accordance with the government's work from home orders.
On this occasion, Bah Boldness L Nongum explained how they have obtained the license from MegaMart to open this shop in Meghalaya and said that every day there is a sale to reduce the price of daily.
The votes were counted at four polling stations while the result was announced at Pomshutia village which is the headquarters of the raid in the presence of the ADC, Pynursla police and others.
: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday sought clarification from the Minister of State in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Macruise N. Marak regarding the complaint received by the organization that its officers and employees The Soil and Water Conservation Department implements various projects or schemes of the Central and State Governments such as the IWMP, AIBP, RKVY and Nabard Loan.
At the meeting, the IMD, CWC, NDRF and NDMA gave explanations.
All of them are in quarantine centers and hospitals.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Unidentified robbers today detonated petrol bombs at Sardar Police Station, Rynjah Police Station and the office of the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation (MGC). MGCC) in this incident did not cause any damage.
On this day, besides playing with them; These children were given food and gifts.
The training was conducted by the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training of the Lok Sabha Secretariat.
Both these questions should be mixed for all four subjects and the children should choose or answer only 12 questions from each of these questions.
The language spoken by the people here is very different from all the Khasi languages ​​spoken in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
In his resignation letter, George congratulated the party leaders who attended the meeting. all the times that have passed.
The Meghalaya government should provide assistance to the families of those killed and injured in the incident.
The Minister of Social Welfare also launched the megAbility App for people with disabilities.
The journalists talked to the beneficiaries of the Central Government's welfare schemes and also gave speeches to those who came to participate in this programme.
The introduction of this new tax collection system has caused a shortage of goods in the market, but this is only a few days, now the vehicles carrying goods are on the road but to reach Shillong the It will take about 40 days, he said that soon this shortage of goods will disappear in these few days, this shortage of goods has not only happened in this state but in all parts of the country. in India.
If the government continues to do so in bringing about development in the state, our state will not lag behind at all.
The Seng through this statement urges the District Council to abolish this rule completely because it is clear that if this rule continues to remain the same as it is a problem and a threat. It will affect the minorities and first of all those Khasi Himas and villages living on the border of Assam and Bangladesh.
Regarding the pollution of these rivers, the Forest Department has prepared how to protect and clean these rivers. , said Anu P James DFO of the Department of Home Affairs.
An FIR has been lodged at Aizawl Police Station.
The KSU leader strongly condemned the police for taking advantage of the use of 108 ambulances which are vehicles carrying patients and said that the 108 vehicles were purchased by the government for the purpose of The people especially to provide services to the poor but what is surprising to see is that these vehicles are used by the police.
As proof of the central government's special attention to the region, Dr Jitendra Singh pointed to the recent launch of the Northeast Industrial Development Policy, the amendment of the Indian Forest Act of 1927 and the establishment of the NITI Aayog. Forum for the Eastern Region.
Jowai, Iaiong 08: The presence of Kong Chiarmon Dkhar from Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills, has been a great blessing to many poor families in Wapungskur. by chordate.
: The High Level Committee and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday decided to meet again on July 7, 2024 to take a final decision on the and the evacuation of 342 households from Them IewMawlong.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today took part in the celebration of the three years anniversary of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF). which was held at Bianchi Memorial Hall, Shillong.
In a meeting with the CEM, Bah HS Shylla, in the presence of the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, they promised to these leaders from the four villages that the EC will consider. Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The MDA government today sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya requesting him to convene a special session of the Legislative Assembly. The State for the purpose of preparing a decision on the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be recognized by the Central Government under the Eight Schedule of the Constitution.
Regarding this decision of the NCST office, we would like to inform the political parties to take action on these issues and to convey this matter to Delhi.
Other places visited by the MLA include the Veterinary Dispensary at Dongkiingding in the presence of the Sordar of Donkiingding, Bah Kresto Rapsang. .Nongrang who donated the land.
Journalists tried to contact the CEM of JHADC, Thongbor Shiwat, who is also in charge of the Political Affairs Department, for clarification on the matter, but the CEM did not provide any information.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi New Year was celebrated under the patronage of Rangbah Spiton Kharakor, a prominent writer on Khasi customs and traditions.
He said that all the neighboring countries have been affected by the insurgency.
Referring to the use of SMS in these days, Bah Titos expressed his concern that the Khasi spelling will be completely wrong because in SMS it is customary to write 'fi' instead of 'phi' ' and so on and so forth.
All vehicles will be closed to traffic, only ambulance vehicles will be allowed from 8 pm to 2 pm.
The Minister said the increase in income generation activities has brought about improvement in revenue collection and said GST collection has been T 1.65 lakh crore by November 2023.
However, the District Administration did not give permission and the government called for a meeting at the Secretariat this evening.
of Health and Prof.AshanRiddi, Head, Dept.
Shillong, July 25: Members of the VDP Nongspung in West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night stole a Maruti Car (ML-05-6785). Riconfort Nongsiej, resident of the area, said that the vehicle was carrying dynamite.
Before the inauguration of the Tyllong Um and the Saitjain Place in Tmoi Village, on the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also inaugurated the footpath in Nongthymmai Village of Lyngshing Village.
Strengthening our cooperation in the fields of energy, and cooperation in deeds and education.
Over the past five months, we have worked together in the hope of starting negotiations for the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) which will open up many opportunities for business and to support global stability in this time of crisis but also of opportunities for major changes.
He also questioned why the Government as the owner of the house has to appear before the tenants.
Now, they only know how to know God exactly without knowing how to know man.
He said that the agriculture department will have many challenges to assist the farmers in the state where the government has taken steps to improve agriculture in the state. .
Shillong, Lber 16: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma MLA regarding the borrowing of MeECL and MePDCL, the Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, James K Sangma, said that the The funds received were from the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan.
The Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly will begin on 16 June
Now through this union in collaboration with the Labor Department of the state government they will provide training to improve their work, he said. Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo, on Tuesday said that the clashes in Umali village have subsided. The residents of the area have been invited to attend the ceremony.
When asked whether he has any desire to become the Chief Minister, Prestone said it is up to the MLAs to elect the leader who will be the Chief Minister. within the Legislative Party, he was ready to accept the post of Prime Minister.
The demand of the teachers is that they should take the teachers and not the schools, but on the part of the minister instead of meeting them he sent them to talk to the officers. teacher to be angry.
Speaking at the launch of the Ambulance, Bah S Khingkai said that the party has always worked for the welfare of the people. I will do for us, but we must ask what I will do for the country.
The residents immediately informed the village leaders of Urkali who informed the Nongstoiñ Police Station who went to comply with the requirements according to the law.
Regarding the border demarcation with Assam, he said the government has taken seriously this issue at six places in Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara, Ratachera and Pilangkata. the dispute was referred to the Ministry of the Interior.
The reason for the demand for its own Tuber Elaka is that the Jowai Elaka has grown so large that it is difficult to look after the Khaddar rule in the villages. long according to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act 2015.
President and Secretary of Youngxi Sports Club Jaiaw, Bah Ban Shanpru and Rangbah Shnong Mawkasiang, Bah Tishalding Kharkongor.
At the same time, police have conducted an investigation to find out the mother who committed the crime.
Dr Rakesh Mishra, Director, CCMB, said, “The RNA extraction, even if it is done through machinery, takes 4 hours for 500 samples.
They were sent by the Food and Civil Supplies Department of the State Government.
The struggle they are fighting now is to prevent the invasion of other ethnic groups and that is through the laws and the best way to protect them is the ILP, the union demands from the government. There is no problem if the government implements the ILP if they want to fight against this influx of foreigners.
Employers and interested groups can apply through the District Employment Exchange Office building, Jowai, Meghalaya on or before on July 12, 2024.
New Delhi, June 08: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conference with the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly of various political parties in Parliament, through video conference.
Speaking at the meeting, Pushpinder Singh Gujral, Business Head, Vodafone, Assam & North East, said, “Vodafone India is committed to providing services to the people with enthusiasm and close relationships. , brings many activities for the public to take part in and receive great prizes.
“From this Financial Year, every three months, in all districts, blocks and villages, the government and every resident villages should work together to keep villages and towns clean.
In his short speech to welcome Bah Paul as a member of KAS, he said that in the beginning the members of KAS were only writers who wrote books.
All the NPP office bearers from the units attended the meeting and after receiving the names of Bah Nongrem, they decided to work hard to bring the you have won the party.
The meeting was held today in Mairang and was attended not only by Mairang but also by neighboring villagers.
He said that in the Secretariat only 16%, in the Directorates only 11.32% and in the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the state only 49%. take the statewide staffing reach of only 25%.
The NPP used to come fourth or fourth, in 2013 the NPP got only 450 votes in Rajabala and in 2018 they got only 4800 votes but now they have got 11823 votes. 7000 votes, in the same way in Mawryngkneng.
It may be recalled that the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that if the government increases the salaries of school teachers, the government will have to spend more than T.251 crore. per year.
The Chief Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities and the State Commissioners shall act as judges to oversee the full implementation of the Act.
Nongpoh said that the meeting was also attended by officials from SBI and Bank Nongkyndong who expressed their satisfaction with the proposal to set up a branch in Mawlasnai.
Cornad strongly condemns this incident and it is unacceptable. This act shows clearly that some people have lost their temper, in a democracy where people express their feelings through speech and who went to take part in the voting.
In this regard, the Rangbah Shnong of Sonapur, Saidring Lamare, has appealed to the Government many times to look after these Sub-Centres, but the Government has refused. listen carefully to this prayer of yours for the benefit of the sick.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the mothers said that they are filled with sorrow because what the government has done has been a real help to the people.
If the MP from the state is paid by Thom, the Thom.
At the X, the Chief Minister of Karnataka said that during the meeting, they discussed many issues affecting the region and other issues affecting the world. The meeting was attended by Bah Paul in traditional costume.
Fr (Dr.) Denis Lalfela, Director, Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures (DBCIC), AtulNikam, State Director, NYKS Meghalaya, Sayyad Ali, State Director incharge NYKS, Assam.
According to information received from the residents who accompanied the videos, it was witnessed that the Remal cyclone has destroyed the road in Shnongrim village and destroyed the ground in the middle of the road in Tongseng village.
The Docu-Montage section has been launched to feature documentaries from around the world as a sign of India's entry into the Oscars in these types of programs and also to showcase the increasing importance of documentaries in the film industry. now.
The distribution of rice will be according to the price set by the government. All Frair Price Shop Dealers have been directed to withdraw the rice from the places where they should sell it.
During the meeting, the manager (T) Karge Kamli promised to fulfill the demands of the union such as the installation of white lines for the passage of people, speed breaker in areas where there are no villages especially from Duh Lad Umroi to Nongtraw.
This is also through the Meghalaya Adoption of Law Order
“I was sure that many of you are Hindus, many of our friends are Hindus and we want a peaceful country, we want a country free from violence, we want a which is free from the problems faced by Pakistan, Bangladesh and others," he added.
The three members who left the PDF are Reagan Kharnaior, Vice President of the PDF Mawsynram Unit and Justine Marwein.
Majaw asked whether the Government of Meghalaya led by Dr Mukul Sangma is the Government of the Cement Companies or the Government that will look after the problems and threats facing the heritage of the State ? Dr Mukul Sangma (Honorable Chief Minister), as you as the Head of Government, should also take action as demanded to use the same shabuk of Lafarge Umiam Pvt Ltd.
Speaking to media, Hamlet said that the land at Umsherpi which belongs to the old bridge under the jurisdiction of the PWD is now vacant after the new bridge is under construction.
At the meeting, 20 villages and civil society organizations gave time to the government to submit a written request to stop the government's plan to take land.
Many times minorities in Asian countries live in remote areas and are often caught between the army and insurgents and this often leads to the displacement of minorities and this displacement. it causes them to begin to lose their own identity.
On the other hand, the Congress party claims to have 17 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly.
Regarding the opening of jobs for the unemployed youth, perhaps, this is an opportunity for the government because the non-residents have left, if the government has responsibility for the future of the youth of the state, expect It will ensure that any job whether owned by companies or government will be done by the youth of the state.
“The HNLC wants to have talks with the Government of India for the sake of maintaining peace.
Nongkynrieh said that they have already explained to the government regarding their income and it is difficult for them to operate without any recognition and they will meet again with the minister. The Transport Department should be responsible for resolving this issue.
and.
He said that the work is ongoing and there are some parts that have not been completed yet and the BSF wants to complete the construction. to finish it quickly.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Isawanda Laloo, she said that the price of goods has increased significantly in the market. If nothing can be done within a day, the party will hold a protest.
Nangroi, who completed his education from this school till Class VIII, has now joined the army from Maharashtra and is currently serving in Jammu-Kashmir.
Ind and Rally u.
At the same time, the union encourages other school children in the area to work hard because nothing is impossible if they have the spirit of struggle, determination and you are working hard.
Taking into account the votes, although they lost, the people of the state are with the Congress party, but the sad thing is that he is still holding the post of president at the time of the elections. and these candidates to contest against is for this reason he takes responsibility for the defeat of the party candidates.
During the three-day programme, there will be various programs such as exhibition of photographs of freedom fighters from the North East, cleanliness, march, Quiz & Science Exhibition among the school, drawing and dance competitions and also tree planting.
During the meeting, Bah Heavingstone sought clarification from the Director of NEIGRIHMS on the recruitment process at the Central Government Hospital.
In West Jaintia Hills, he worked at MCH Corona Care Center in Jowai.
Ashish Kumar of Himachal Pradesh, who won the silver medal at the 2019 Asian Championships, will face Kingson of Manipur in the featherweight category.
Such members are provided withdrawal facilities as per the terms of the scheme.
Speaking after the meeting, the Minister in charge of District Councils, James K Sangma, said that the meeting decided to set up a special committee to be chaired by the Minister in charge. The DC(A), Bah Hamletson Dohling, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, CEMs of the three District Councils and members of MITCRM will be appointed as the Member Secretary of the Committee. .
The BSF troops have seized these byrni and when they seized these byrni, the BSF troops were surprised to find that these byrni were covered with sniuh. person.
The encouragement to farmers to cultivate wild sohmrit was launched in East Garo Hills at a public meeting organized by the office of the District Horticulture Officer, Williamnagar. .
to provide a separate room for Gram Sevaks to work within the Block; 9.
Regarding this assistance, there is no target for the number of people, but it will be for all those who sell land and at the same time the village in the banks after they have paid. review documentation.
The Chief Minister's reply was to the question whether some people have received letters of demand from unknown persons.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of government officials to discuss and discuss to ensure that the students from Meghalaya in Manipur will get a safety net.
The lovers of money don't care about looting and corruption from the people even in the midst of this pandemic.
As for the expenditure, it is still being prepared.
He said that as the days go by, the price increase continues and MeECL should also increase the electricity tariff which the commission will approve in October this year.
There are 125 BOPs in Meghalaya and according to the rules, the distance between one BOP and another is 3.5 KM. you haven't.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The MLFO will write to the public on the Indian Forest Act 1927, the Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly on the Forest Conservation Act 1980 and the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug
The National Logistics Policy (NLP) has been launched to look into the areas of improving logistics services and human skills through the improvement of jobs, permitting systems. , skills development, introduction of logistics functions in training activities and adoption of appropriate technologies.
The Superintendent of Police, Incident Commanders and Executive Magistrates have been directed to implement this order and to arrange how to do for the reopening of shops. That Swamp.
Once a victim deposits funds, however, they are met with silence from the perpetrators, who often change the platform’s name and link to target new victims.
During this visit, he met with Father Pascal Lyngdoh who explained about the church and at the same time a prayer was held for the health of the Governor and for the the whole state.
He said that he will train the team for the Asian Games and I am confident that by producing more athletes in more sports we will be able to win more medals for the country in the upcoming Asian Games.
“If the NIOS authorities fail to implement the demands including to rectify the anomalies in the results, to issue a written request to extend the validity period of the D.El.
At this meeting, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit also said that the stability of the state should not be affected.
The market has been funded by the Urban Development Department at a cost of Rs 2.39 crore.
On the occasion, the President said that the nurses in India have received better training than before and the government should find ways and means to improve the training. and to be able to deal with problems that may arise in the future.
The Commission requests the public to ensure that there will be no writings on the polling day.
The curfew will remain in force from 10.00 pm until further notice.
