At present there are museums all over India and these places are the places of remembrance of the past and it is only in these places that the past can be studied.
The battalion won 11 Battle Honors in World War I and World War II and this is truly unique.
The union would like to thank the Principal of Shillong Polytechnic Mawlai for allowing the union to hold a meeting at the Polytechnic, according to a statement sent by Bah E.Buam, spokesperson of the union. .
Avoid reusing plastic bags used in the previous season to prevent the spread of insects.
He also lauded the leaders of Mawmluh village and Mawmluh Tourism & Allied Activities Co-operative Society (MTAACS) for their cooperation in working together with the Soil and Water Conservation Department and the Monolith Restaurant stand as a testimony.
Shillong, Iaiong 16: U Chief Minister today said that as a family, they are in a difficult situation which cannot be told at this time, but what is important is to respect the family. you family.
At the same time, UAE exporters will have access to many Indian markets especially in the fields of petroleum, metals, minerals, chemicals and petrochemicals.
Speaking at a public meeting today, the Minister said that the government has done its utmost to achieve the goals of the people. development projects that help to improve their income through various schemes.
He said that as Assam has started to slowly move away from this shortage, the Union Finance Minister has directed the Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya to prepare for the scheme and send them to the Central Government and the Central Government is ready to assist.
At this meeting, they agreed to work together to curb crime and especially the trafficking of women.
He said that according to the estimates submitted by the Meghalaya government to the NGT, there are still 32 lakh MT of coal in different parts of the state. Hills and South Garo hills.
Shillong, November 03: The 25th Anniversary of Rupang Newspaper was celebrated today at a public meeting held at Dinam Hall Jaiaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided not to allow people to stay in shops in the market.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Lamin said that besides education, the most important thing is how to train the youth so that they can stand on their own feet without completing their education. This is what the central government now wants for what is known as skill development.
Approximately 20.3% of all companies allow apprentices in Germany, and this increases from ~12% in establishments with 1-9 employees to 81.3% in establishments with more than 500 employees employees.
Those who have pending cases in the Supreme Court of India are requested to take this opportunity to resolve their disputes.
To encourage the public to pay their bills without using money, the government will launch two BHIMApps and as of now up to 125 lakh people have used this method of money laundering. through mobile devices.
In accordance with the decision of the State Government to prepare a draft of a new law on the illegal entry of foreigners, we would like to suggest the appointment of a new committee to review these existing laws. strengthen and ensure that these existing laws are effective in imposing fines and imprisonment on those who violate these laws and that there should be a clean and free enforcement force. the challenges of corruption and to monitor the work and to arrest those who violate these many laws of the state.
“Through this channel we can send programs to the constituencies and this has made it easier to spread the news because of the presence of our own channel,” he said. “It is a great opportunity for the people to know more about the KHADC and also the daily activities of the KHADC,” said Bah Titos.
Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary of the party said that the party will meet with other government ministers on this issue to seek their support and to explain what the party wants from the government. It should be done to prevent the influx of people from abroad into the state.
The meeting between the KSU members and the East Khasi Hills Police Chief, in the presence of officers from the police station, lasted for about 40 minutes. Drug trafficking in Shillong.
The CEM said, “Why the people have rejected the District Council is because we the MDCs have organized the District Council. “It's a good place to play, but I hope that the current MDCs will continue to strengthen the District Council”.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit President's remarks came after the Congress leader said he was ready to talk to Nalin on the issue of the North East. during his visit to Shillong in the past few days.
We request our followers who love us not to be like others because if our party is also a party, it will lead to injury because we will go to many places where others meet and we will go hylla ma. we cannot accept them because their deeds are selfish and we cannot accept them.
Rev S.S Majaw Chairman, Hospital governing board, Dr.H Gordon Robert Hospital.
As the government has refused to invite Karen, the party has now invited Dr Mukul Sangma's cabinet to come and speak on the 22nd of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Circle in collaboration with the Lamjingshai TI Project will hold an awareness program on HIV/AIDS at Mawlai Phudmuri Nongmadan on the 6th of this month in the morning.
Shillong, July 25: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) of Ri Bhoi District has found that the 20-Mer road with a toll plaza from Umdap Rngi village to Ronghona has been damaged. The residents of the village have faced difficulties in coming and going.
The Government has directed all the districts in the state to be vigilant on the approach of this cyclone and to inform the public to be vigilant to avoid any injury or damage. a sad event.
The Mawpdang Church is located in the Parish of Sts.
He said that if discussed, the MDA government's mismanagement will be revealed through the Office Memorandum (OM) which has changed the policy to benefit the people by keeping the same share.
The KSU has sent a statement to the state and central governments to strengthen the laws against foreigners but it is surprising that even inside the Infiltration Check Gate the workers have not protested but these foreigners. They alleged that they paid only 4000/ tyngka and they were able to enter Umsning.
The Chief Minister said that the EMRI 108 employees under the banner of MEMRIWU have started their strike since the 4th evening of this month to demand the government to abolish the strike. Tynsong said that the employees of EMRI 108 are private employees and they have also come to meet him to express their demand, and their demand is to abolish the terminate the contract with the company after it expires in October
Gen Secretary Jesril Shylla, Finance Secretary Tricky Mukhim, Education Secretary Samla Redulen Chalam, Publicity Secretary Samla Wansalan Patwet, Organizing Secretary Samla Janailang Marbaniang and 23 members.
“We as the 9-Shnongs, from Chymplong to Ratacherra on both sides of the NH44, give our full support to the four organizations, AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and The SRS-EJH has called for a curfew on the 13th of this month in East Jaintia Hills District to demand from the Meghalaya government and NHAI to immediately repair all the damaged parts of the NH from Soomer to Malidhar,” said Bah Silent Sutnga, Chairman of the 9-Shnongs, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang.
of life and two others were injured.
During the meeting, they requested for the 75 dispensaries from the government's Health and Wellness Department to deliver health services to the rural areas through the Prime Minister's PM ABHIM Scheme.
The doctors in Williamnagar refused to treat her at the time of the incident, according to the statement of the child. .
On the other hand, the government authorities have already made arrangements to ensure that the election tomorrow morning will be smooth and orderly.
Through the shortage of staff, it can lead to many problems that the people face from time to time.
This decision taken by the Prime Minister's Office will set an example to all not to use plastic, which is a destruction of the environment and affects the water bodies and also affects the environment. health.
Many of the parents have expressed whether the government when it gives grants to schools to set up Higher Secondary Schools does not have the power to curb the increase in the price of class fees. XI differs from one Higher Secondary School to another. This increase in fees prevents those with low income from continuing their education.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee on Commercial Vehicles (MEV) has reached its seventh day of strike. .
Shillong, November 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued a public notice ban ban the public attending the public meeting of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be held at Polo has been allowed to carry weapons that can cause injury.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Gilbert Thongni, Minister of Marshillong Village, congratulated the KSU for taking this great role and encouraged the KSU to continue to grow from time to time. period.
Rymbai is the son of the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. A priest who has won many times from this place will bring his son to the political stage.
Secondly, the lack of meter reading of the households has caused the MePDCL office to distribute bills by counting which has resulted in the loss of electricity to those who do not use heater, refrigerator and others. Households who use heaters, refrigerators and other home electrical appliances have lower electricity bills.
Because as a civil society organization we have the right to request and remove the insult to our state from the past leaders , who have turned patriotic and created jobs and various schemes only in the media We believe that by the wisdom of the people he will produce a new man who knows man and God who can avoid corruption and deceit.
The police have taken this action to prevent people from drinking on this day.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Minister in charge of Primary Schools, Deborah C Marak, in reply to a question by Dikkanchi D. Shira, said that the school dropout rate of children in these schools has increased. In the past four years, it has increased to 97,0
Students and teachers participated in the drawing competition on 23rd July, 2024 with enthusiasm.
On the other hand, the KSU and the land owners urged the state government to expedite the implementation of this power plant to free the state from the problem of generating electricity to the people.
To say that there are fewer youth from Meghalaya is not a reason, of course it is very difficult for this UPSC examination to reach that goal you have to decide and that cannot be done only in “It's a good idea to prepare for many years, it's not just a short time,” said Idashisha Nongrang.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the National Law University (NLU) at the Temporary Campus at Mayurbhanj Complex, Shillong.
The demand for increasing the number of security personnel is to ensure that no group can force people to join any group to vote and to ensure that all the rules of the Election Commission in The conduct of the election should be followed.
The deceased were identified as Kingson Salehe, 30, Moni Borah, 24, Niti Jontimai Koch, 50, and Nuti Moni. Borah is 17 years old.
Dr Kharlukhi was nominated by the NPP party which leads the coalition government with the support of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) with 41 MLAs and the Congress with 19 MLAs. The MDA candidate Dr Kharlukhi won by 20 votes, but one vote was rejected and the NPP candidate Dr Kharlukhi won against the Congress candidate by vote.
There are two testing centers operating in the state, NEIGRIHMS and Tura.
Thanks to the hard work of the fire brigade, the tree was cut down in several hours.
Guwahati, June 21: The ULFA in Assam has ordered all singers not to sing Hindi songs during the 10-month Bihu celebrations.
At the same time, the District Magistrate said that under Section 144 CrPC, the curfew has been imposed at night in Shillong this morning from 9 pm to 10 pm. by 5 am.
Shillong, July 15: U Governor of Meghalaya, URS Mooshahary today launched a book entitled “The Philosophy” written by Bah J Kerrsing Tariang. and Essence of Khasi Religion “.
Raitong village is located in Mawpyrdah, Pamringet, Umjarain, Umsynrem, Ingsaw, Jair, Sunidan, Mawpat, Mawpat, Langkhot, Umtyrkhang, Pamniwarti, Jokiang, Mawjar. , Umkra, Umlaiteng, Shatklu, Pamrinai, Ksehkinjoin, Umsang, Kdohati, Mawdiengngan, Umlatara, Lamalong, Jatah, Shiliang Umdoh, Umsomatan, Umwiehsnier, Mawlait-Emdoh, Umphelait, Langashiaw.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has already distributed Home Quarantine Dairy to all those who come back. 14 days.
After the arrest, the police took the suspect to the police station for further investigation.
By mutual agreement, these 10 kurs have decided to follow the terms of the agreement since 1949 with minor amendments according to the present era.
According to the IMD, the earthquake is expected to occur on the morning of 26th June, cold weather with thunderstorms are expected on 27th June in Meghalaya and in the state of Nagaland.
Wanhun Marwein won the title of Lasubon 2019 and Firstmonthborn Lyngkhoi won the title of Rangdajied
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that many of these schools which have come to register in Shillong have not affiliated themselves with any school recognized by the government. parents in a lot of trouble when they send their children.
Why does it make them go to the lenders to borrow money by borrowing things? Come, let us try to raise his dignity, the poor man’s conviction.
The construction of these projects costs between Rs 500 crore and Rs 50 crore each in many villages.
In a statement sent today, it was said that Sookini Sutnga from Meghalaya has been selected to take part in the competition to represent the Eastern Region of India.
In addition, BSNL will install 10 MBPS broadband facilities to villages in Meghalaya for use in various development projects and for this purpose about 500 digital satellite phones have been installed. village.
Police have recovered four mobile phones from the suspects, a vehicle number AS-23-B-6 strengthen the fight against drug traffickers.
On the allegation of corruption, the CEM said he could not accept it.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said, “The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, who is also the Acting Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, said: , has requested for his release at this time as he will go to raise the flag of India in Itanagar, the capital of Arunachal Pradesh. Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has decided not to raise the flag of India on Republic Day. This is the first day in Meghalaya.
He said that on the day they met with the Union Home Minister, they did not have any information about the CAB and that is why they opposed the CAB. The change in the introduction of the current CAB
At present, the curfew has been imposed by the central government for 11 days and in the remaining days, we should be vigilant and vigilant. this section is about COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The All India Poets Conference (AIPC) Meghalaya Chapter today distributed the prizes to the winners of the Sixth Meghalaya Poetry Competition Cum Poetry Festival at Dinam Hall. Jaiaw, Shillong.
They were still talking about the words, but it was assumed that the people had been able to understand what had been said.
M/s THDCIL has been handed over to M/s THDCIL to prepare for the landslide on the NH-6. NHAI has selected NHAI as the preparer for the landslide. Project Report (DPR).
In this regard, a meeting was also convened on 10th November 2021 to discuss how to protect the environment and how to prevent pollution of the environment.
The pharmacy is operated by the Affordable Medicines and Reliable Implants for Treatment (AMRIT) under the guidance of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government and has been approved by the Union Government in agreement with HLL Lifecare. Ltd.
In these two places, children played games to celebrate the Rongali Bihu festival of the people of Assam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy CEM of KHADC said that it is up to the Dorbar Shnongs to allow or not to allow women to elect Rangbah Shnong. I am not a member of the Executive Committee.
Therefore, the AJYWO strongly warns all its members to refrain from engaging in politics,” said Pynkur in a statement. Shillong, July 13: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CORP-) EZ) strongly opposes the GRINFRA Project on the inscription on the Mile Stone with the name BARAPANI at UMIAM. The places where the Khasi name does not exist but will be translated into the Nongwei name, because such translations from one name to another, especially from the Trai language to the Nongwei language, show that the translators do not respect the Khasi language. names in the native language of the owners of the land, which were not established by the ancestors.
The KSU leader said that the leaders of the KSU will meet again on the 14th of this month to discuss and said that if the government does not believe and continues to fight for the demands of the KSU, The Sengbhalang will continue to hold protests and will intensify to force the government to implement the ILP immediately. to give full support and respect the time when the Sengbhalang holds protests so that they do not suffer any tragic incidents due to the violence of the insurgents during the protest programs across the state. He said that the Sengbhalang would like to thank all the people of the state and the government employees who have supported and joined in this strike of the Sengbhalang and that they will continue to give their full support to the Sengbhalang in their demand. the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to all those who took part in the prayer and this is a blessing to all because it has brought all the people from all groups to pray for India and as juh to the whole world, he expressed his gratitude to all those who made this prayer a success.
Therefore, the Sohbar Elaka agreed to work together for the betterment of the area and acknowledged that the Company should follow strictly all the guidelines of the Sohbar Elaka and the State Government without any discrimination. The petition was signed by the Acting Sirdar of Sohbar Elaka, Bah IS Japanp.
With the goal of improving the sports skills of children in Meghalaya, the Lynti jam Football Center has announced to hold the Sunfeast Football Cup
Officers of the State Government were also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony.
The meeting unanimously decided that the government should clarify whether it will increase the salary of 4th teachers as it was done for Adhoc teachers by increasing 100 percent. The CM in his meeting with the leaders of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has made it clear that the State Plan and the State Plan of the 4th Teachers will protect the service of the 4th Teachers. and also to increase their salaries like the Adhoc teachers, but what surprised the union is that until now this job has remained unchanged and 4th teachers receive only T 6000/. - ten months.
and was enriched by the presence of the Long Kmie and Riew Rangbah of Tyrsad Umkseh Village.
He said that the establishment of the KHADC Committee to look into the IOA & AA and now the Forest Committee to look into the Indian Forest Act 1927 has given hope to the people.
The purpose of the placards was to remind the Minister that the State Government has approved the decision of the Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP in the State but the Central Government has not done anything yet. on the demand of the people of Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Umiew Youth Social and Sports Organization, Bah W. Sohtun in the presence of elders and office bearers of BJP Umiew Unit.
Referring to the complaint of the Jowai Block Congress Committee against the Minister of Electricity, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Lapang said the JBCC has sent a complaint through the District Congress Committee to the MPCC. When asked whether he has received the letter of complaint, Lapang said, “Yes, I have received it, but I have not read it yet”.
THERE IS NO RULING OR OPPOSITION because in the traditional rule of the Khasi people, the decision is taken by “consensus”. that day.
When asked, Sangma said, “It is true that the issue of illegal entry of foreigners has many activities and steps taken in various areas.
It is true that I (L) Kong Byrhien Kurkalang and others were angry because it affected their income, but their pleader when he went to appeal before the Gauhati and Nagaland High Courts at that time, he did not appealed against the Excise Act, 1910 but appealed against the so-called Act which empowers the Governor to direct any Act (225 in total) included in the Schedule of the Excise Act. This was created in accordance with Paragraph 19 (1) (b) of the Sixth Schedule which expires as soon as the MDCs take over from the Governor on 27th June, (1) (b) and that Regulation No. 5 of 1952 also dies.
Maligaon, Nailur 27: Police of the Alipurduwar Railway Station in New Coochbehar under the leadership of Inspector BN Bhowmick have found seven song near the luggage room.
At the same time, he said that the district authorities should be vigilant, especially in those districts where insurgency is high, like East and South Garo Hills Districts.
After the seizure of the injection needles and drugs, as usual, the union has warned and urged these youths to refrain from this drug addiction and at the same time They were also sent to the office of the party along with their parents.
Other members of the committee who attended the meeting were Justice (Retd) Dr Satish Chandra, Prof DV Kumar, Prof Chander Shekhar and Prof Subhadip Mukherjee.
In the Top Ten category, Gordon Kupar Nongbri of St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong won the second prize, while two students of St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong won the second prize. Edward Pohlong Lamare came in sixth place.
Arham Bpt rice costs T.46 per kilo for 50 kilos, T.2300/- per kilo, Arham Gold rice costs T.38 per kilo and T.38 per kilo for 50 kilos. 1900 tyngka, Parimal rice costs T.39.5 per kilo and 50 kilos costs T.1975 per kilo.
In 1897, during the Jumai Bah, the house of JJM Nichols Roy was not badly damaged. He went to Kolkata Scottish College.
The program has been implemented in 500 Aspirational Block in 329 districts of the country.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed two deaths from East Khasi Hills 1 and Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to whole.
In case of such thefts and purchases of mobile phones, the buyer will be prosecuted under Section 411 IPC, which carries a penalty of up to three years imprisonment for the buyer.
This will be the first time among the Khasi women to have this opportunity to represent the country in the world championships.
In this era, it is clear that students should be taught and led to employment and not to education to get employment.
Shillong, Lber 31: A Home Guard Policeman has refused to accept the offer of money from two persons riding on a bike number AS-11-P-6 Police also seized drugs worth T.12 lakh.
The cleaning was done under the supervision of the state health department.
In Lumsohra, 94 samples were taken and all of them were negative.
The village won an award for ‘cleanest village’ in Asia about a few years ago, and every generation is determined for cleanliness.
On the other hand, the Commissioner of Transport has urged that all vehicles carrying goods should stop at 25 Miles Shangbangla for vehicles in Ri Bhoi District and to check the documents to ensure that the vehicles carry in accordance with the permit set by the government.
At the same time, the list is rolled.
Finally, the KSU would like to extend its special congratulations and wishes to this great man who has brought fame and glory not only to himself or his family but to the country and the nation as a whole. an example to the youth of the country and that he will continue to progress in his good deeds.
Shillong, March 06: U Bah Sudon K Blah, Leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNYF), on Tuesday said that the 40 civil society organizations will continue their protest by calling for a night curfew from the 7th to the 9th of this month. The curfew will start from 7 pm to 5 pm on the 1st of this month.
Supriya alleged that the BJP is a threat to the people of Meghalaya and this is a party that is against Christianity.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Methodius Dkhar MLA of Mawthyngkut, while taking part in the speech on the budget presented by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday congratulated the government for the budget. more funds to continue the construction of Mawieit road.
Answering questions, the Minister in charge of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said in the House that the tax rates on IMFL have their own rates according to the rate.
Can't the Officers Incharge here take a decision to do their job?
Financial Inclusion" worth three thousand tyngka.
He is the youngest of 10 children of Edwin Kyndait and Philomina Dkhar.
Initially, the armed group had called for a 24-hour curfew in the entire country but due to the opposition of the people, the group had called for only nine hours.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: A meeting was held today between the authorities of the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) and the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to discuss the introduction of the Khasi language in the country. of the university.
All MeECL employees working inside the office, distributing bill lights, making lights, working in control rooms or power houses and others will stop working to demand payment. which is right according to work.
Shillong, July 27: The CoHSO has announced that it will hold a Dorbar Bah of the Hynniewtrep people to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 at Madan Student, Jaiaw Shillong on
They said that this statement shows that Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, has not taken responsibility for the matter. The Government has not yet sent the rules to the Deputy Commissioners in the State, although the rules were approved by the Cabinet in April
The Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District will be headed by Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister as Chairman. Damanbait Lamare, MLA Umroi Constituency, Charles Marngar, MLA Mawhati Constituency, Jambor War, Executive Member KHADC (Elaka) as members and Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District as the convener of the meeting.
Mairaihom Kharkrang Rangah Shnong Riatsamthiah in his speech urged the people not to exchange mobile numbers with those who have been linked with Aadhaar because the money comes through the same number and the same bank account. The welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Johna Suchiang.
On the other hand, they are still fighting to get what they have signed with the central government in these years.
Speaking on the occasion were NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa, KSU President Lambokstarwell Mangar and other leaders of the Bhalang who took part in the protest. Shillong, November 17: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, while welcoming the two leaders who have joined the party, said: Welbirth Rani, former President of FKJGP, said that as a nation, we cannot rise because we cannot accept our own mistakes.
Condemning the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma that the Government has now turned its attention to the construction of the railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District, the members of the party shouted, “No ILP, No Railway.
That is one area that the Government has to pay attention to.
The numbers provided by the Hospital are 6009906940/6009944190/6009948452/6
Samla Johnfisher Nongsiang President KSU WKHD said that the check posts have not done anything to allow them to enter the state and if anything happens who will take responsibility? The President of Kynshi Circle expressed his deep surprise at the peaceful entry of these mynder and that the relevant department has not been able to do anything about them or there may be something behind it. Once again, the government has to take responsibility as members of the Jaitbynriew.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Former Chairman and Founder of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) u Bah Pynshngiang Syiem, as the former leader of the party, has congratulated the four MLAs who have been involved in the talks to appoint ministers.
On this day, there were also many games to entertain the audience and there were musical groups to entertain and make this day a success.
Police have recovered 79 grams of heroin from the vehicle driven by Salni Singh and weighing 3.78 grams of heroin. gm.
Shillong, July 22: Following the incident ha Tura, the BSF today stepped up their patrolling in all parts of Garo Hills especially in the areas inhabited by other ethnic groups.
In a statement, the SP said that the fire was severe and the rooms on the ground floor of the house were damaged.
The life of Silme Marakna, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya has changed after she turned from a small shopkeeper to a self help group.
When asked, Rakkam A Sangma said that from 2024-2025 without any reason why not.
He said that the North East has witnessed the construction of more than 150 Eklavya schools and out of these 39 are in Meghalaya.
The social agreement will end the bloodshed between the UNLF and the security forces in which many have lost their lives for more than 50 years and will also open the way to resolve the concerns of the community.
The award is exclusively for those who work for the development of rural areas for the development of rural communities.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers' Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) today took a strong decision to force the government to respond to their demands by calling for a meeting of the Association of Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM). The two-month strike will start from the 22nd of this month to the 4th of July, was announced by the Chairman of the union, Bah AD Nongsiang at Madan Iewrynhep, Laitumkhrah.
The Minister said that the government will not forgive anyone involved in the smuggling. This is a clear message and the government will not leave but will arrest those involved.
He also expressed the hope that the school which was inaugurated on this day will help to improve the quality of education at the school for the benefit of the teachers and students as well.
“Whether it is corruption, insult, discrimination, robbery or vote bank politics to undermine the development of the region, we work with dedication and right to eradicate all these evils,” he said. said.
Among these 12, the most important are that the KHADC opposes the reduction of the public hearing for any work to be implemented in the KHADC areas from 30 days to 20 days to inform the public; This EAI, 2020 should not affect the soil.
The opening ceremony of the school was attended by the parents of the students.
Meanwhile, the construction and maintenance of the office, Account Branch and other documents amounted to 5,51,300 tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Arindam Kapinjal of the 41st Meghalaya NCC Arty from Shillong has been selected to represent India in the National Cadet Corps to be held in Kazakhstan.
Shillong, March 12: The Social Welfare Department of Shillong has organized a special day for girls education at the State Central Library, Art and Culture Hall Shillong. Theilin Phanbuh, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Women Commission, said, “Girls have a lot of work to do to think for themselves and to think especially in terms of education.
Shillong, November 11: The National Youth President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Miky Nongkhlaw, on Tuesday questioned why the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma wants to politicize the demand for Inner Line Permit of the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said that the Animal Husbandry Department of the Government of Meghalaya has already tested 38 pigs and all of them have tested negative. African Swine Flu is a common disease.
Wandonbok Jyrwa President of the Taxi Drivers Association, said that at the meeting held today, they have decided to meet with the government on the first day of the meeting. talk about this excessive oil pressure.
To fight against these problems in the country, there is a need for powerful drugs to cure the disease and this is the way to do it strongly to solve this problem in the country. I have been with you for many years.
Shillong, March 28: The Principal of St Edmund School today lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station, alleging that four or five unidentified persons have come to cheat another person. from the students by saying that the father of the child had hit a car and he had to go with them.
Shillong, November 11: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on the implementation of the Rural Development Department through the Block in Meghalaya to set up Gram Sabhas in the villages, has prompted the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). called a meeting of the Executive Committee to discuss this issue as it clashes with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Police believe that the commander of the rebel group, Norok X Momin, lives in the area.
In a meeting with the drivers, Conrad said that they should not worry that the government will provide food for them. get food.
Therefore, there should be no discrimination against anyone so that the value of independent and fair trial goes hand in hand with respect for the Human Rights of everyone protected by the provisions of the Constitution. The Constitution of the country.
NEIAH has helped patients through treatments like Panchakarma, Ksharasutra, Uttarabasti and Yoga to improve their health.
Police have arrested the couple and their child while they were sitting inside a Hyundai (AS-01 AT 0888) at Lad Lawmali Bridge, Shillong at 11:30 pm. .
“The main reason is from Andhra Pradesh, the sale is in the market after the government can conduct tests at the market otherwise no one knows what will happen after the fish arrive here,” he added. .
He said that the EC has accepted the decision not to close down those who are already in existence.
The Seng has found that all the foreigners have complete documents and the Seng has sent them to leave after they have finished working on the tower. network of the company Airtel.
This is the first time that Meghalaya Day will be celebrated in Tura.
Shillong, June 10: The hockey teams of Meghalaya and Manipur have qualified for the final of the 27th North East Games 2013 to be held at the Khuman Lampak Main Stadium, Imphal.
If the police cannot arrest anyone, they arrest only the KSU members just to finish their case, perhaps so that they will not be forced.
Shillong, July 4: Pynshisha S.Marbaniang, 45, wife of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, passed away today after a long illness.
The Congress within the KHADC has urged the Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar not to give permission to sell the land to the BSF as requested by the Hima Mylliem. .
In a letter from the Ministry of Mines to the Department of Atomic Energy, it said that it has received a letter from the NEDF, through the Office of the Prime Minister, as mentioned. Therefore, this letter has been sent to the Central Government Department in charge of Uranium Industry in this country to do whatever is necessary.
He said these new laws will be of assistance to the criminal justice system of the country.
“Through the presence of volunteers, the state government will work with the villages especially in terms of the implementation of development programs such as the Self Help Groups in each village to expedite and facilitate the delivery of the scheme,” said Conrad.
The General Secretary of AMSSATSA said that this is just a ploy by the government to delay the payment of their salaries. on the 20th of this month.
Sharma spoke about the Brahmaputra Pushkar festival, which was held between 1 and 16 November on the Brahmaputra River.
These Bangladeshi smugglers have come to the villages, fields and roads almost every time and carry knives and weapons to rob and rob tourists in the border villages. as we have witnessed in the past few days across the Indo-Bangla border.
The leaders who have joined the UDP from the Congress party are Bah Karlus Kharkongor who contested the last MLA election with 5400 votes, others are Bah Rocky Kylla, Bah Shillong, Nailur 24: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Nongpoh today concluded the Training on Youth Leadership for Community Development at Sajer Dorbar Hall, Sajer Dorbar Hall. Village.
Furthermore, the union also asks u Bah Dios Jyndiang, MLA Nongstoin, where is the Rs 36 crore that the KHADC has spent on that road at that time? for his support for the two lane road of Nongstoin – Wahkaji – Ranikor.
As it is now, the nation has started to decline and lose hope, the reason is because it was wrong from the beginning when we got our state without borders and divisions which we still have to fight for.
This will gradually affect the participation or equality of representatives from different ethnic groups in the country.
Hearing the apology of the President of FKJGP, the FKJGP should come forward to identify the perpetrators who shot and beat the passengers and hand them over to them. bor you ian.
Shillong, Naitung 29: It is unthinkable that MeECL and the Minister of Hima Mylliem, who is in charge of the market, have no knowledge that the post light standing in the market has burnt down. I have eaten sarang from the tree until I have cut it.
On the other hand, the civil society group was represented by lawyer Poonam Yadav.
Any of the residents affected by this order can approach the relevant authorities, added the order of the District Magistrate.
The school authorities have urged the students of Class KG to take the Entrance Examination again to get admission to Class 1 and to pay the fees as directed by the school. the authorities.
Dr Azad said that out of the 13 people who are believed to have died in the coal mine collapse, nine are from his constituency of Rajabala and sadly three are from from the same house.
The Chief Minister said that the supply of meat in the state is 23634 MT and the production from the state is only 12834 MT and most of it is purchased from abroad.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Heavy rainfall for three days in the state has caused landslides across the state, especially on roads and farmland of the people especially in Ri Bhoi District.
The newly consecrated priests are Rev. Maria Shibu and Naveen Bunga, CMF of the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary; Rev. Elvis Kharkongor, and Rev. Andreas Syngkli, from the MSFS Congregation of the Missionaries of St. Francis de Sales; Rev. Philmon Indwar, of the Missionaries of Charity Fathers, Rev. Sylvanus Lyngdoh, of the SDB (Salesians of Don Bosco), Rev. Basil Wahlang, of Staibok Warjri, Diocesan Priest of Shillong Ardiocese.
“He said that the Association will hold a meeting to discuss the issue of the Deputy Commissioner and take a decision before the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner will come into force from the 5th of this month. month.
However, for those in South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills, it will be until 2.11.2017. For those in KSU Mawkyrwat, KSU Mawkyrwat, A delegation from Garo Hills has arrived in Shillong today to meet with the leaders of the MPCA. They talked about the same issue on Aadhaar.
If Bah Adelbert Nongrum wants to arrange, we are ready and if he wants to be President, I am ready to convene the GC. Shillong, June 18: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr. Jemino Mawrhoh has admitted that the party has not won. The results of the MDC elections have shown that the people of Garo Hills support the party.
During the meeting, they also discussed the problem of the workers who have not received their salaries since July 2020 until almost five months.
The colorful traditional songs and dances of the people of southern India are beautiful and most importantly, in the land of the Munda people in Jharkhand there are ancient stories. and those who spread the spirit of love of those nations.
Shillong, March 27: A mother and four children have died after being caught in the light at Nongthymmai-Neng village in Lyniong. Mawngap Police Outpost.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum expresses its deep sorrow to all the families who have suffered the loss of their members in the tragic incident at Mukhroh.
How can we take away our land from the MMDC? In this regard, the problem arises from the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, which has not owned the coal mines since
Professor SS Majaw, Bah A Sun Secretary Khasi Author Society and family members of the author were also present at the meeting.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that this amount is for the payment of the remaining amount for the last four years and this amount released is for the year 2018-2019 for the The year 2019-2020 has not yet been counted.
The Government invites doctors who have completed their studies to submit their applications whether they are self-taught or government-sponsored.
Whether you are a rickshaw driver, a taxi driver, a hotel owner or a street vendor, the Prime Minister said that the livelihood of all the poor people will benefit through the influx of tourists and tourists. and informed about the government's focus on tourism in this year's budget.
Shillong, July 04: The Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today suspended Bah Pyniaid Syiem MDC Mawryngkeng for two years on charges of fighting against the party by campaigning against the party's candidate in the MDC election. Nongkrem Constituency.
Robert J Kharjahrin General Secretary said that as JACSO, we don't want to see that there will be such pressure on the authorities of KHADC regarding the issuance or non-issuance of NOC. The constitutional body does not have the right to vote.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Prestone Tynsong, Joykumar Singh Yumnam, Dr. DD Lapang, James Sangma, Dr. Lalrintluanga Jahau, Sashank Gataraj, Sonelal Kol, Inder Bahadur Pandey, SK Sarkar. the party situation in their respective states.
On the occasion, the Minister also urged them to set up health centres, but due to lack of knowledge, many people from Mumbai, Maharashtra have been forced to leave. and Gujarat will go to Bangkok, because they have not been explained about Shillong and Gangtok which are more beautiful than that place.
The KSU SWKHD will take a strong decision if the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma does not take action against UCIL. from Mawkyrwat C&RD Block on the road near Sngap Syiem College from 10am to Mawkyrwat Market where the public meeting will be held.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Government is still sleeping on the preparations to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. health as at this time.
The last case of COVID-19 was tested negative today and the result was negative and tomorrow morning another test will be sent according to the rules and if it is negative, Meghalaya will be exempt. you are infected with COVID-1
Briyan joined the GNLA in 2011 and was appointed as its Foreign Secretary and sent to Bangladesh for a while. he was arrested by Bangladesh police and spent about 40 months in jail in the south of the country.
What the GSU cannot understand is that only when it rains and blows, the lights go out. Shillong, March 28: Police of Sardar Police Station today arrested three robbers from banks. to the people who went to withdraw money from the banks.
Therefore, the purpose of the government to set up posts to build a well is also to prevent the residents of this area from walking and standing through this road.
The Minister also visited other military bases in Assam especially the Gajraj Corps headquarters where GOC Gajraj Corps Lt Gen AS Bedi explained the situation. The Minister said the government will continue to strengthen the military forces on the border with Arunachal Pradesh and Kameng District.
To protect the children, children and women who are our mothers, the KHNAM State Youth Wing would like to urge the unity of all from home, village, community, schools, workplaces. for the cry of them that are slain we cannot silence.
At the consultation meeting on the UNNATI scheme, investors from the North Eastern States shared their views and expressed their gratitude to the government for introducing a policy to change the nature of related activities. and factories in the North Eastern States and to improve employment opportunities.
This was stated by the Pynthorumkhrah Assembly Youth Congress at Bellfonte, Lumshyiap.
The union concluded the statement by saying that if all the posts that the Garo have not filled since 1972 have not been filled, the Reservation Policy should not be affected. The party will go to court to get a fair trial.
Besides the team awards, Wallamjingsuk Khongshun of Tanaw FC won the Best Goal Keeper award, Bankit Mujai of Nangïaikiew won the Top Scorer award and The Best Player award went to Fabrizio Majaw of Tanaw FC. Also present on the occasion was the President of the Seng – Roykupar Synrem as the Chief Guest, while the Vice President of the Seng – Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh. as the chief guest, members of the Sports Cell and others.
During the treatment, the doctors found that many of those who came to take medicine were suffering from stomach ulcers due to unhygienic food and drink and infection of germs in the blood.
On the other hand, the ASHAs and Anganwadis expressed the problems they face in their villages especially in relation to the children who do not even eat the food items that the Government has allocated for them. them because they don’t fit the body or even the space they are in as well.
Shillong, April 19: I'm not sure what to do.
In his speech, Bah SK Sunn MLA of the area said that the availability of equipment for agriculture will help to speed up the work and reduce the labour.
To recover the employment of the people, the government department has been given 60 days to prepare it.
The Hima Nongstoin in this regard was the first Hima among the 54 Hima/Elaka to have its own Rules to protect the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Sacred Heart Theological College (SHTC) Mawlai today organized the Youth Fest 2017 which is held every year. The year is “Good Youth for Good Families”.
Modern skills: In an effort to work up to date, MSDE has also launched new skills training at 12 NSTIs. These include Smart Healthcare; Smart city; 3D printing; drone operators, solar and geo informatics and many others.
The Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme was launched in 2012 and is to assist the orphans and widows.
The BJP believes that the problem of foreign influx will continue as the ruling Congress party in the state will want to do something for this. people who came to the village.
Referring to the revenue of the state, the Minister said in the House that there has been a shortage of 20% to 25% in the revenue of the central government. T.428 crore which is the share of Meghalaya has received only T.352 crore.
Referring to NEHU, the President said he is pleased to know that people from outside India have also come to study at this university, such as Thailand, Bangladesh, Bhutan and other countries. to The Middle East.
His claim to send the HNLC from Bangladesh is stupid, because how can he do that when foreign affairs is in the hands of the BJP government and not in the hands of the Congress government? .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also reminded the public that if anyone is sick, they can contact these two phone numbers for information regarding the COVID-19 phone. 14410 and if you have any questions, please call
The Union Minister said that the NGOs in the region are very strong and can be used to work together for the development of the region and the whole region.
In the past years, the KHADC has been involved in the drafting of national security laws to protect the Hynniewtrep people.
Your child has been taken care of by the social welfare department.
The KSU Students' Union (KSU) has said that it will not be misused because it has been seen that the march of various civil society organizations has started to be blocked by others. those who have a manly spirit should not be afraid but should go forward.
At North Eastern Region Agriculture Marketing Corporation Guwahati, North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and  Technology, Itanagar, Regional Institute of Paramedical and Nursing Sciences, Aizawl, North Eastern Regional Institute of Water and Land Management haTezpur.
In the case of rural areas of East Khasi Hills District, 30% of the taxis and autorickshaws have been allowed to operate, but buses have not been allowed to operate.
Nongbri was born in 1948 in Parmodar village in South West Khasi Hills District. He also founded two schools, Seng Khasi LP School in Nonghyllam and 24 Miles south of Ranikor.
After the arrival of the foreigners and until the independence of Meghalaya, the Khasi Khara children of this district became like foreigners in their own land.
He said that the youth of this state have their own talents and what is needed is to open up opportunities.
This is the 4North East Zonal Shooting Championship (NEZSC)
He wants the court to hand down its verdict as soon as possible.
Shillong, March 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell today met with the MBOSE, District School Officer and the Directorate of Higher Education and Literacy Shillong.
They expressed their surprise at the claim by the RBCC leaders that they have already provided assistance but we have not received anything yet and this is just a ploy to divide us.
The students competed in the 200 meter race, 400 meter race, long jump, cock fight for boys and javelin throw.
Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS was the chief guest. The meeting was attended by students from all over the colleges of Shillong. The 450-day event was attended by experts from around the world.
The KSU also congratulated Iada Martin Marbaniang, who has passed the IPS examination from Karnataka.
Sangma issued the directive at the induction ceremony of former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang, who recently left the BJP in the presence of party leaders. They included Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani explained the principles of the KSU and urged these youths not to be afraid but to stand firm on the foundation and the truth as the KSU. He urged these youths to lead the party in the spirit of strength and not with fear.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan said agriculture is the foundation of India's economy.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tatagatha Roy, said that there are many insurgent groups in India and some in the North East, but this struggle Their failure is that they do not have the support of the people.
: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, on Tuesday ordered the Police Department to take strict action against those who drive two wheelers or four wheelers.
Regarding the operation of airports in the States, the Central Government has allowed the State Governments to implement the Act of the State Governments regarding the manner of and the Meghalaya Internal Services and Maintenance Act shall come into force.
There was also a question and answer session in which these experts said that mobile activities are very important now.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Police have promised to provide assistance to the army to ensure that the recruitment of youth in Shillong will run smoothly.
The village of Umdenka is famous for its silk fabrics and the production of fabrics such as ryndia and stole in a special style.
This was announced by JSU President Treiborlang Suchen.
In these circumstances, they should trust in God that all these things will be according to the wise guidance of the Creator and that the good will come again in the days to come and that they will prosper and grow in income and their works are done every day.
Referring to Mawryngkneng, he said that the party members in this constituency are still 700 and in Mawphlang there are still 300 members. constituency and mytna are still working hard to strengthen the party.
The allegation of illegal appointment has surprised many MDCs of JHADC. All the persons appointed in JHADC have received the approval of the Executive Committee without the knowledge of the EC. officers of JHADC cannot appoint persons.
Speaking to SP News Agency , Bah Dkhar said that he had called the meeting once but due to the absence of Bah T. Myrthong , he had to postpone it The meeting will be held on the 15th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The meeting of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) ruling party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has failed to reach an agreement. .
Referring to the Armed Forces Special Power Act, he said that during the discussions, many of the intellectuals said that the Act should be amended or repealed.
Between the 1970s and 1980s, the UN tried to give a full meaning of the term, which was found on the basis of differences of opinion among its members on the use of bloodshed. in differences of opinion relating to the independence of the nation and the right of nations to decide for themselves about independence.
Taking part in the meeting, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, expressed his gratitude to the Executive Committee led by Bah Pyne Syiem for taking the initiative to bring about this. decision inside the court.
And 13.
Shillong, June 19: The Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) has tried to nominate Robert G Lyngdoh as its candidate for the MP election. The Lok Sabha seat from Shillong will be held next year but what is clear now is that Bah Lyngdoh can contest from the Congress if he gets the ticket.
On the fourth day, in cosplay completion, the winner was Marc, Garry Syiemlieh won the People's Choice title, Best Performance went to Yuki Lamabam, Best Craftsman went to Daryll Warjri and Judge's Choice went to Daryll Warjri. The Make-Up award went to Seema Devi.
When asked whether the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, did not attend the meeting, he said that there is no problem, the party is running smoothly, but in the house. heh you don't have to hun.
The state government has moved forward in pursuing the funds for this big game in the state.
The rally will be for the entire North East of India.
The group is known as the Achik Peace Volunteers Council (APVC).
At Madan Malki, the MLA of 17 Shillong North continues his protest against the government's failure to implement four other issues that are still affecting the state. The Government has decided to extend the age of employment for the students of the state.
The Deputy Chairman of GHADC, Rakhesh Sangma, received 15 votes and Benedic Marak, supported by the AITC, received 13 votes.
The government has sought all the means to ban coal mining in the state.
Bah Kharkrang said that the food items and utensils have been taken from the shops in the village so that the owners of the shops will not lose their money. jhur so that they can also deliver jhur and meat to the villagers.
All the houses named by the child should be closed while the investigation is ongoing. On the promotion of tourism, the government should have strict rules to curb this trafficking. .
Referring to the training centre, the Chief Minister said that the handicraft industry and the tourism industry should go hand in hand because the buyers of such products are the people who They came to bring memories to their country.
The Lok Sabha today passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 but the party together with NESO will wait for the decision of the Rajya Sabha tomorrow.
Shillong, March 17: The date of awarding prizes to the winners of the 4th Meghalaya Poetry Competition 2013 has been temporarily postponed until November for unavoidable reasons.
The Pro.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today decided to temporarily suspend the 22 hour curfew till the 15th of July. Dr Nongbri to visit the Blood Bank at Jowai Civil Hospital.
Photography competition, quiz and awareness raising on yoga along with yoga practice are some of the activities completed today.
Vehicles are prohibited from traveling in these areas with the intention of carrying trees except for Police vehicles.
The Prime Minister will lead the MDA delegation to Delhi tomorrow morning to meet with Amit Shah.
The partial protection and exemption for some of the States under the Sixth Schedule or those with ILP will not help at all, it will only mislead and deceive the citizens.
The participant also played a smart class.
The fund allocated by the 15th Finance Commission amounting to T.711 crore for District Councils to receive from the Central Government will be for the remaining three years from 2021 to .
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the party does not want to speak on this issue. Meghalaya on 12th July 1971, when Meghalaya was not yet a full state, a decision was taken to allocate special jobs to the ethnic and minority groups in the state and this decision has been in force until these are the days of the present.
According to Article 5 of the Annexed Agreement, it is clear that this is the ILP under the Constitution of India which has been in force between the Syiems and the Federation of Khasi States since 1947-4 all the Acts enacted by the Parliament of India shall be amenable to the customs of the Khasi States.
He said that these are the three pillars which are the main pillars and with the cooperation between them, no doubt change will come and no doubt the party will achieve a glorious victory in the elections. The election will be held on the 23rd of June this year.
Referring to the protest, Bah Ardent expressed his satisfaction to see the people come out to join hands to demand from the state government that the time has come to implement the The ILP, after the NDA government last month failed to get the approval of both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha for the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Volunteers and community leaders together with civil society organizations today called out at Madan Student in Jaiaw to protest against drug abuse and violence against women and children. in the state of Meghalaya.
It is learned that during the meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, he expressed his desire to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam which has been going on for decades. .
This was announced by FKJGP President Shlur and Reachingson Kongwang General Secretary.
Shillong, July 25: Agatha Sangma MP of Tura has sent a letter to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to inform them of what happened in Garo Hills.
This initiative of the Air Force is to teach the people that prevention is better than cure.
The awards they win are also increasing," he said.
The Commission stressed the importance of monitoring the control of the smuggling of illegal drugs, firearms and explosives from the border areas of the country.
There will also be training on organic activities in these schools.
The water is clean and warm.
He appreciated the participation of SCOPE in the workshop and said that although RTI is a small law, it is the most powerful law.
I appeal to the parents to come and support us.
The proximity allows visitors to buy and enjoy what they can offer such as food, clothes and agricultural products at affordable prices in this market. digital which does not require physical contact, the evening market in Nan Polok stands as one that used to be used to meet and meet face to face.
After a while, the most famous Pitcher Plan flower was found first, passing through the small and large streams in the Mawlyngbna area.
The article states that India has always seen itself as a power in the world.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to protest against the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NoC) by some persons. to build and improve a place of worship on Government land.
There are 49 cases in East Khasi Hills, 27 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills. 3 people.
Vikash was announced at a public meeting and Starfing was announced after the meeting in the presence of the media.
Speaking at the ceremony, Samla Rangbah Raymond Kharjana who also took part in the swearing in ceremony of the first leaders of the new Circle.
The project is in collaboration with the Tata Group, on more than 4.5 acres of land allocated by the government.
In his speech, Ram Singh, Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, congratulated the Bakdil group for organizing such a public meeting. however, many times men still take the leading roles.
Angela Rangad, the leader of the union, also attended the meeting with the District Administration.
“The Council will not pay all the money proposed for the two outlets if the work that has been done is not adequate,” said Bah Syiem.
The group of teachers had staged the protest in June this year after the government had already promised them that the government would take action on their demand.
Shillong, Nailar 12: At 4.20 pm today, a large tree at the entrance to the Raj Bhavan collapsed and fell on three taxis passing by. Three persons were killed and two others injured in the incident.
On this occasion, a song was sung by the MDCs, in the presence of all the employees of the District Council. a Christmas song that made everyone rejoice and be happy together.
Referring to the insurgents, NESO said the central government should demonstrate its ability to bring all the insurgents in the region to the negotiating table.
However, the Central Government has continued to revive the Khasi Custom Station through its announcements in 2005 and 2010 and the customs station in Bangladesh is known as the Dalura Land Custom Station.
Shillong, March 06: Police of Sardar police station today arrested two persons suspected of involvement in the murder of a mother who sold land at Police Bazar in the past months. .
The roads mentioned in the petition are to improve the road from Rangthong to Nongnah as this road is the oldest as it has been built since the time of the Assam government, to clean up the road from Phlangdiloin. to Wahkaji and to Nongsumer.
This is a shame to all the people especially the involvement of some government officials to teach corruption even to the officials. village.
The UDP candidate alleged that Pastor Basaiawmoit may be a person nominated by the Congress party if the party candidate Bah Pala does not win, the pastor will also belong to the Congress party.
Additional Chief Secretary Dr Shakil P. Ahmed, Commissioner Secretary Dr Joram Beda and others were present on the occasion.
Police have taken the body to Shillong Civil Hospital for post-mortem to find out the cause of death. before being handed over to the next of kin for the final rites.
The FKS has suggested to the Chief Minister that the government should urgently investigate the availability of food and beverages especially medicines. within the state for the coming months.
“I am not pleased with the action of the Lokyukta which has terminated my complaint against the PWD Umsning on the allegation of corruption amounting to Rs 12 crore.
Regarding the delay in conducting the backlog papers, the NEHU has promised to conduct the backlog paper exams and also to announce the results before the end of the month.
Perhaps the most appropriate is the supkynshew because it is easier to use that word; for if you understand salonsar only as a money-making organization, but there is also that which is called a blood-making organization.
On the other hand, MPMC President Joplyn Scott Shylla said the rally was to protest against the BJP government's move to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong, March 14: As part of the implementation of the Piggery Mission, the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the issue. to conduct public awareness programs on this issue.
Meghalaya still has 76% untouched forests, 50,000 wells and 30,000 hectares of wetlands, but all of these are now under threat due to drought. For this reason, the government has allocated 15% of the funds to protect the environment.
The union said that if these troops are not tested, it will put the people of the state in danger because there is a movement of troops and they buy pets in the market. and vendors.
The speakers at the meeting said that the Khasi Language has the right to be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country under Article
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Police in charge of Mawlai police station on Tuesday said that they have not yet identified the name of an elderly man who was found missing from Wahumkhrah. u until this day.
The party hopes that this peace talks between the party, the Government of India and the State Government will bring about change for the benefit of the nation.
Speaking to media at his residence, he said that the illegal smuggling of coal cannot happen without the protection of the higher authorities. whether in the synagogue, or outside the synagogue, the same is true.
JSU President Samla Lawyerson War said that the commemoration of the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah will also be a wake-up call to the people of the country. to protect the country especially at this time when the nation is being persecuted by the Government of India by thirty types of laws to violate the right to ownership in its own country.
This is necessary because the certificate will be issued after the medicine is given.
Because they too want for the welfare of the people.
To implement this task, a temporary working group has been set up to elect the office bearers. Bah HS Shylla, President of the Shylla Kur, has been appointed. At this meeting which was held today, there were 85 Rangbah Kurs from different Kurs.
On the other hand, Ms Mynsong, after finding out that she did not get the job as promised, she lodged a complaint with the Nongpoh Police Station. and the man was not able to speak.
One of the Sordar Shnongs of Rangkhiat Village from these areas who came to attend the meeting and submitted a petition to request for the needs and wants of the village. and he revealed all these things unto the people.
Shillong, Lber 08: In a statement sent by Samla Pauldeep Tongwah President of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle strongly condemns the police for raiding the homes of the victims. Members of the KSU in Mawkyrwat.
Jowai, Naitung 24: It is no longer surprising to see from time to time through the newspapers that the indigenous people kill each other without mercy or compassion if they are wrong or hurt in their relationships or in any area in life.
In the past, people were few and lacking in knowledge but they lived in harmony, lived righteously with dignity and knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
Shillong, Nailur 31: The KSU Students Union (KSU) today opened its gates on
The success of this program has been the basis of the Aspirational Block programme, he said, sharing the praises and achievements of the program around the world.
About 500 residents of the area have benefited from this treatment. The treatment was conducted at PHC Ranikor.
Police of Pasteur Beat House on Tuesday arrested two couples on suspicion of being involved in drug trafficking.
There was also a marathon, music competition, meme competition, NukkadNatak, poster making and Yoga-meditation from 12th to 23rd July.
The Regional Cancer Center has been set up at NEIGRIHMS and the focus is on providing treatment to cancer patients, she added.
On this occasion, the Rongali Bihu celebration was held at Laban on this occasion with the dance of the people in their traditional costumes to celebrate this special day.
He also praised the initiatives taken by the organizers of the meeting to hold consultations between the Asia Pacific Society and the residents of the region.
Johny Stone Nongbet was elected as the president, Banrap Lyngkhoi as the vice president and Nobleman Iawrod as the general secretary.
The road was constructed for the purpose of clearing the border with Bangladesh.
In his speech, Bah R Thabah President of Masteroll said that the income of ASHAs is very low, but it is time for them to ask the government for adequate payment. “When you are ready to serve God, you are ready to serve God”.
It was he who initiated the processes that led to the economic growth we have experienced in the last two decades.
The Meghalaya High Court and the Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission have been urged to take action against the case.
Shillong, Niawieng 16: Satin Credit Care Micro Finance is a bank that provides loans to small and medium-sized farmers who do not have access to loans from large banks. In this regard, it has taken the initiative to find and assist poor and needy schools.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has remembered the victims of the partition of the country on the occasion of the Vibhajan Vibhishi Smriti Diwas. today.
The Bill to repeal Article 370, signed by BJP President and Union Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, has been passed in the Legislative Assembly. Parliament.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today called a meeting with civil society at Yojana Bhavan to discuss the Uranium issue at 10 pm. This was announced by the office of the Chief Minister.
The last extension came through Circular No.06/2023 which extended the date to
Acknowledging the problems of the existing Supreme Court building, the Prime Minister informed the meeting about the approval of T.800 last month for the renovation of the Supreme Court building.
These robbers used to take small trucks and the driver of the vehicles carrying jhur from Lat Smit by threatening them and sending a phone call to the owner of the jhur to pay the money through Google Pay.
He said that they are looking into the matter and the union will send a letter to these groups so that they can ensure the safety of the stadium.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has died of COVID-19 positive in West Garo Hills. 44 cases, Ri Bhoi 1, West Garo Hills 14 cases, West Jaintia Hills 4 cases.
A complaint has been registered at the Police Station in Shallang under Section 188/34/379 of the Code Act. /120 B IPC of R/w Section 15 of the Environment (Protection) Act, Section 3 of the Explosive Substance Act and Section 51(10) of the Benami Trading (Prohibition) Act,
Shillong, July 30: The JAC has invited those who oppose the project to come and discuss the project. Shillong, July 30: The JAC has invited those who oppose the project to come and discuss the issue.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary, who is also the spokesperson of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC), on Tuesday said that the letter demanding money was sent in the name of the HNLC. The party is not a member of the party and has nothing to do with the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The work of cleaning the road to Khatar Village has been going smoothly for many months and all that remains now is to clean the road as the preparation for the cleaning of the mawsalieng has almost been completed.
Pastor Reuben said that the Reach Shillong Ministry has two Children's Homes, four open shelters at Laitkor, Mawblei, Nongmensong and Bomfyle Road.
At this meeting, the speech of the Minister of Home Affairs showed that it has been successful but the union will wait for the time when the talks between the Minister of Home Affairs and the IG of BSF will succeed. it doesn't work as an organization.
Paul Lyngdoh EM in charge of Trade Department, said that today a letter was distributed to all the Rangbah Shnongs on the preparation of the KHADC on how the Dorbar Shnongs will proceed in issuing the NOC. for a trading license and if anyone violates it they are not subject to the penalties of the law.
“We have searched at Damsite but have not found anything,” she said.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 has risen to 27, one has died, 12 have recovered and 14 are still in hospital.
In the men's 400m, Kyrshanlang Shylla of WJH won the gold medal after finishing in 50:3s, while Donbok Shabong of EKH and Kalbin Marak of EGH won the gold medal. the silver and bronze medals.
On the other hand, the KSU Barak Valley also demanded that the Assam government should set up the Khasi Jaintia Development Council (KJDC) Assam, which the Khasi in Assam want.
“If we see that the application is sufficient, we will issue a Special Permission for several days and several months.
Whoever leaves here has gained experience and this strengthens the nation building," he said.
Police also arrested the bus because it had a place to store these paid beverages in a specially built place.
So far we have seen the benefits of cooperation in milk and rice related fields.
The Mawsynram CHC is not only for the residents of Mawsynram but for all the villages in the Block.
That too did not succeed because there was a change after being challenged by others and finally it was handed over to the merchant to build the statue which did not match the rank of Tirot Sing Syiem and which was removed. Not only for the life of Tirot Sing Syiem, but for the life of the Khasi people as a whole.
This donation is part of the Puja celebrations which will be held in the next few days. The donations were clothes, food items. SP addressed the meeting.
In Mawkyrwat, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla unfurled the flag of the country and followed by the exhibition of coffins by seven Government departments, a cultural exhibition. , the distribution of prizes to the winners of the past March.
In another incident, the residents of Chokpot village were angry because the Apex Bank did not have enough money.
At the same time, he promised that the Assam Riffle will provide support to the families of the deceased.
The house was constructed at a cost of T.1.68 crore and was funded by the state government.
Let us stand with a courageous spirit without fear because we have not done anything wrong and inappropriate, and society remains but we stand to demand the implementation of the ILP which is a step towards freedom and democracy. The infiltration of mynder and foreigners into our state.
Such incidents cannot be accepted because they mislead the minds of many people even those who are not indigenous people.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Agriculture, Dr.P.Shakil Ahammed, said that this meeting between the farmers and traders is a responsibility of the farmers and traders. relationship will last long enough to reach its goal.
Regarding the distribution of blankets, Bah Moris said it is sad and affects the dignity of the people of Mawlai. The blankets distributed by the MLA cost only T.350 each but the MLA he admitted that he bought it for Rs.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Tribal Painting Camp was organized by Dr. Ram Dayal Munda Tribal Welfare Research Institute (TRI). , Government of Jharkhand at Patratu village which is about 30 km from Ranchi.
“The lack of adequate sports ground in our village has prevented the youth who are talented in games & sports from preparing to participate in block-level, district-level and state competitions. -level sports competitions or athletic meet, and also to get the youth to get involved in many bad things and destroy their lives especially by getting involved in many kinds of alcohol,” said Bah Shaniahskhem Dkhar. .
The PWD department has implemented the decision to move the office from Jowai to Shangpung and the equipment has been moved from these days to Shangpung without listening to the opposition of the union. The Waheh Shnong has called for a 'Stay At Home' protest today.
Parents don't have time because they are busy with their jobs and this role is taken over by teachers.
The Chief Minister has requested to meet with the Union Home Minister and it is expected that a reply will be received from the Minister's office tomorrow morning. The Central Government has not scheduled the meeting.
People are prohibited from standing in the area without proper reason. Those who come to sell and buy in the area must keep a distance of two meters from each other.
He said that there was no protest, except in some of these places. On this day, the Union Minister of State for Child Development was also handed over a photograph of the Amarnath march. Travel.
Besides the DTO, there will also be a Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI), an Upper Divisional Assistant (UDA), an Assistant System Engineer, one Peon and one Chowkidar.
All the shopkeepers were residents of the shops and the owner of the shops was Kong B Lyngdoh Nongbri. Therefore, all the goods in the shops have been destroyed.
The march started from Madan Iewrynhep and passed through Laitumkhrah Road in which people from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia from different religions in Shillong came to take part.
Mawsynram Block has 164 villages and a population of 54,109 according to the 2011 census.
Nurses of Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital, Rapsbun School of Nursing, Civil Hospital and students of St. .Edmunds College, Martin Luther Christian University, BIOS, Meghalaya Women's Alliance and Women's Assembly of Nongkseh Presbyterian Church.
Because the Karbi demand their own state, they harass the people and want to invade the Pnar villages. They are the Karbi villages which are adjacent to the Pnar villages. told the police that they were attending a meeting and for this they were harassed.
The incident took place at Kerangkalram village.
The meeting was organized by KWADA, KSU, TUR, CSWO, FKJGP and HNYF. The meeting will be held at 5 pm.
Shillong, June 08: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today called on the traders of Shillong to discuss the issue of food items in Shillong. .
Dozens of trucks carrying goods were also witnessed which could not pass through the Damsite Bridge.
He added that the UGC rules state, “as part of our work, it is our duty to teach and enforce responsibility,” “Only after the publication of the Service Book by the Government. Meghalaya, the state has taken over from Assam which does not ban teachers but it is only within a few years that the State Government has introduced a law ban ban teachers from participating in politics,” he said. added.
The Government will continue to protect its own people, the Government is ready to talk and consult with no and on this issue and after consultation the Government will take a decision. He said that after the mid-term elections and the Diwali celebrations, they will speak.
On the same day, the KSU-JHDU has launched two new offices, the Environment and Cultural Cell and the Employment Cell. within the Jaintia Hills and within the whole of Hynniewtrep.
The Directors came to discuss the issue of cutting the jar nar as the ground has started to collapse.
Conrad urged the people to be vigilant against the Congress party.
The distance of the villages from the Block has often hampered the implementation of government schemes because many times the information reaches the villages late and sometimes the information reaches when the Rangbah Shnongs cannot more to finish.
He said that looking at the number of students at the Institute of Company Secretaries of India in the country, there are about 4 lakh students, from the North East there are only Out of these 5000, there are about 4000 from Assam and about 300 or 400 from the other nine states of North East.
On 15th March 2018, the Union Government Ministry honored Kong Saioo for her outstanding contribution and innovative style at the celebration of MahilaKisan Divas 2018, held at NASC Complex, Pusa. New Delhi.
The Prime Minister of India has praised the Prime Minister of Bangladesh for Bangladesh's fight against insurgency for the sake of peace and stability.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 44, with one death and 37 recoveries.
In the petition, Elizabeth Nongbri identified herself as a Khasi and a BJP worker since
This urgent action of the NGT will affect not only the lakhs of people who live from coal but will also delay the state government (Meghalaya).
“In this regard, we strongly condemn the contractor for working tortiously on these karma classes and soon we on behalf of the Seng will lodge a complaint with the PWD Building Department against this tortious work of the contractor,” said Samla Justice Paul. Lyngdoh Education Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
On the work of the government, he said that the government should not be afraid to do evil but the people should be quick to do good. .
The Deputy CEM of KHADC, while presenting the budget, said that the KHADC has received T.27,60,39,00/- crore and hopes that the remaining amount will be released soon. he is still alive.
Ushamoni Saikia, Smt.
The union has found that many agencies are providing education loans and facilities to students from Meghalaya just to extort money from them.
The meeting was conducted by Rev SS Majaw, Director of the Hospital, the prayer was delivered by Dr. Kenneth RL Nongpiur, the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Herbert F Parait. Dr. R. Nongum, Principal of the college, welcomed the guests and Rev. SR Dkhar welcomed the guests.
Meghalaya falls in the first phase of the General Election to the Lok Sabha elections, with 102 parliamentary constituencies in 21 states across India.
Does the Village Authority of Mawsynram understand the problems of the people of Mawsynram or do they just own the ethnic groups within its boundary? If so, the Government should set up CHCs in all the villages.
Champion was arrested on 30th November 2012 from Umkrem Pyrdiwah bordering Bangladesh, East Khasi Hills district after smuggling from Bangladesh to India.
Ms Ampareen urged the members of the NSS to be the guardians of the peace that Meghalaya has with the North East.
Initially, the fee they charge is very low compared to other child care centres, because the purpose of the organization is to charge the fee to support the mothers who need assistance. .
SK Srivastava for the organization of the National Health Golf Tournament in Shillong on the theme, “Golf for Health” in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government and the State Government.
Police said that the two arrested persons confessed that they had left the child in the forest in the middle of the night to exhume the body. to the house of Bah Command Nongrang at 7 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the main goal of the state government is to improve the income of the farmers. The State Government's Agriculture Department will direct the officers of the Agriculture Department to do whatever is necessary for the welfare of the farmers of the area.
Regarding this incident , the Chief Minister , Bah Prestone Tynsong , said that the law will do whatever is necessary , at the same time he urged everyone not to use it wrong passes issued whether government vehicles or private vehicles.
According to the rules, the course is 6000 yards but the course has 5,600 yards which has been accepted by the Indian Golf Union (EAST).
Referring to the Income Tax department's raid on the property of Dheeraj Sahu's kiad manufacturing company, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit Spokesperson said, “The raid of the Central Government is to show the world how much Politicians of other parties especially the Congress have destroyed this country.
He is studying in Class XI and is from Smit Mawmluh village, East Khasi Hills.
Other honorees were Riktean M Marak of Aeroville School and Shelim Islam of Bhaitbari Sec School who won the 17th place. Jawaharlal Nehru Sec School, Phulbari and Janapriya Sec School Bholarbita were awarded trophies and cash prizes.
The party will hold a discussion on Article 371 and the Sixth Schedule in the coming days. They will invite senior officials from professors, writers, officials, politicians and leaders. Robertjune Kharjahrin President of the HYC said in a statement sent today.
Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtluh, Bah Matthias Syiem, said that the decision was taken at a meeting held at Shillong. The NMDF together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtluh.
He said that Mawlai will now receive the 100 days bill scheme, the JJM water supply scheme which belongs to Mawiong as a whole, there is a need to see what they can do. , let that city know what the leader is doing.
Those who are at home can contact the District Child Welfare Committee, Lachumiere, 0364-2 .
Amanda said in the complaint that Steffanie is still pregnant with a baby between the ages of 2 and 3 months.
State Governments have been directed to use Aadhaar number in ration cards.
Mairang, July 21 : In one of the tragic incidents, five people from the same household including three children, a mother and father have fallen ill and been admitted to hospital after eating a tit which they did not know. recognize.
On this occasion, the Khasi Hills District Council (KDC) has also released the theme song of the Monolith Festival
Speaking to DP News Agency, the president of the party, Bah Rani, said that the Waheh Shnong of Saba Mukroh, Andreas Suchiang, has informed the party in West Jaintia Hills about the construction of a police outpost by Assam. in Saba Village.
“At the same time, he said that the party will see in the next 10 months whether the government will take action on this issue and promised that if the government does not do anything wrong, they will go to court. “Those who do not have the roster should go to court,” said the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly recently.
The assessment of children's progress will be based on the understanding of the lessons and the application of this understanding in everyday life and this will also be on the basis of the children's ability to do this.
He lodged a complaint with the police that on the 17th of this month he received a letter from Mohan Realt Cash Sangatam demanding T.20 lakh.
What was discussed was that out of the seven districts, there are six districts and the Chief Minister of Assam's claim to Mukroh is unfounded because the boundary has not yet been resolved.
Three owners of the house, Kong Lani Kurbah, Bah Thwet Nongbri and one who has not been seriously affected, were left behind.
The PDF urges the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency to attend the public meeting organized by the PDF party.
The MDCs who welcomed Bah Shylla as the new CEM were Teinwell Dkhar, Manstudy Nongrem, Samlin Malngiang, Jansing M Tynsong, Donkupar Sumer, Adelbert Nongrum, Neilantonio War, Victor Ranee, Rona Khyndei and Telinia Thangkhiew.
The North Eastern Hills University has organized a race for the unity of the country with the participation of 130 staff, teachers and students.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla has said that the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Advisor in the Office of the Vice Chancellor has been taken by the Executive. Council.
The union urges the government to reinstate them and allow them to write the examination again.
The total number of recoveries today is 214, mostly from East Khasi Hills 128 cases, West Khasi Hills 24 cases. 74964 people.
He said that this decision will also be to prevent the crimes that occur inside the market whether it is illegal activities, drug trafficking and others.
As a party, we have nothing to say about the Congress party's decision to join the coalition government. As a party, we are happy to work with the MDA government as other parties are in the coalition government.
“As the village, we have taken good care of this bridge, we have repaired it from time to time but as the damage has been severe, we as the village have not been able to take care of it.
HANM East Khasi Hills District led by Bah L Syiem President and Bah Bawan Nongsiej Secretary has visited several government offices in Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the decision was taken to free the farmers from the spread of many varieties of soybeans produced by the state. This decision will help to increase the income of the farmers.
Kaziranga, Naitung 07: The flooding in the Kaziranga National Park is an incident that happens every rainy season in which many animals in the area die due to the floods to protect their lives. The IFAW-WTI and the Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) have been prepared to face any floods this year. .
Speaking to reporters , Bah Jop Rymbai Rangbah Shnong Wahthapbru said that it is necessary to maintain the cleanliness of the square the same place every day.
In a statement, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary, JSM expressed its surprise that the Governor and the Home Minister of the State have lost their sympathy for the indigenous people. At the same time, the JSM has raised a question before the government, saying, “Whether the candle light should be removed before the killing or assault? thombor that owns Ri owns Muluk.
Damebanmerbha also urged the youth who have talents in various fields not to neglect but to work hard to reap the fruits of victory, especially in these days. the intensity of drug addiction, young people, so that they too can escape from these evils.
“We have given 10 days to the Government of Meghalaya through the Regional Committee to take immediate action but otherwise the party will take strong action, whether it is illegal or in any way. “The General Secretary of HAHM, Bah Kyllang Thongni told reporters on Saturday after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party.
Foreigners can enter and leave the country at will without any restrictions.
the end of the message from jsu.
The runner's up trophy was won by Tasku village near Lailad.
He said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, we will achieve the goal of bringing transparency and speed in the law through the Police Technology Mission, three new laws and the ICJS. that in the continuation of the fight against terrorism, the Modi Government has introduced strong laws and has taken steps to have the most effective anti-terrorism team in the world by introducing the Police Technology Mission to modernize the police services.
Today, 26th November 2021, Assam Police have attacked the border area of ​​Iongkhuli in Ri Bhoi District.
Laban Police have received a complaint on 25th November 2023 that a Pulsar 150 cc bike bearing registration number ML 05-V-0993 has been stolen from Lower Harisabha, Laban.
At the end of the tournament, the East Khasi Hills District team won 11 gold, 11 silver and 10 bronze medals.
“We have also directed the social welfare department and the state police department to create ways and means whereby the people involved in prostitution can leave the industry and return to a good society and get rid of these kinds of selfish activities.
Residents of the area said that due to the heavy rainfall, the Umiam has risen sharply and has reached Kalatek village where many houses have been in danger due to the flooding. .
The state government's efforts to improve traffic in Shillong have been praised by judges including Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice, and Justice W. Diengdoh, Chief Justice of Shillong. the High Court of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Ka Khadsawphra College, Mairang today honored the students who have passed well in their examinations to encourage the students who have come forward in their studies.
During the inspection, the BDO expressed his satisfaction that the students of Khadsawphra College Mairang have been able to build this sanitary complex. which is related to the sanitary complexes in the airports.
When opening the Dorbar, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, urged all the rulers of the Hima from the Lyngskor, Ministers, Lyngdohs, Raid Syiems, Bongthe Raid, Raid Sordars, Raid Lyngdohs, Village Sordars, Rangbah Shnong, Leaders, Youth to attend the Fourth and Special Dorbar Ri on the 13th February 2013 at 10 am at Mairang, Hima Nongkhlaw.
The Padma Vibhushan is awarded for outstanding service; the Padma Bhushan is for outstanding service and the Padma Shri is for service in any field.
The country has sympathy with them.
,9615400135/ 7005208334, by 14th July
Shillong, Lber 09: The Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA) has allocated funds for Meghalaya to implement development projects in the state. The funds allocated for the State of Meghalaya may be withdrawn.
The race will be held on the 5th July 2024 at 7:00 pm.
Speaking to reporters after being summoned before the House Committee on Women Empowerment of the Legislative Assembly headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA. The hostel today said that the allegation that they are involved should not come out as this is a child before the law.
The competition is divided into two categories for boys and girls aged 9 to 18 years and for girls and boys aged 18 years and above. Nicholas Pohlong General Secretary, Comman Khongsan, Executive Member 9615515877; Shillong, Shooting Association of Meghalaya, John Kharshiing President, Neil Sootinck, General Secretary and Anthony Nongkhlaw Treasurer; Shillong, East Khasi Hills Shooting Association, Patrick Nongrum, President 85755 73647, Felix Nongkhlaw, General Secretary 98563 90128.
Shillong, June 24: The Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Shillong, today morning 24th June 2022, has held a public cleanliness drive at the Human Cremation Mountain, Jaiaw, Jaiaw, Shillong. Shillong.
Shillong, March 11: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has met with the Union Home Minister to present the petitions containing five demands for the entire North Eastern States.
The intention of our government to take advantage of the sharing of commercial vehicles has led to the implementation of this scheme where many schools and offices will be accommodated in buses purchased by the state government.
Diana Dimre Ch Marak, 24, a student of Civil Engineering at Shillong Polytechnic, Shillong, has committed suicide by hanging herself with a Gamsha jacket. the grill of the Girls Hostel on the first floor.
New Delhi, July 30: There are media reports expressing concern over the inability to have children after COVID-19 vaccination among people of childbearing age and vaccination. COVID-19 is a threat to pregnant women.
After his arrival in Shillong, he will consider the request of seven MLAs to recognize the United Progressive Front (UPF) as a party in the House.
The exhibition was organized by the G20 Secretariat in collaboration with the Textiles Department and the State and UT Governments. SarasAjeevikaki took part in the Crafts Bazaar.
He said that the two Rangbah Shnong of Umshakait, Bah Belarius Rongpeit, who is a member of the CoRP, and Bah Jaram Hanse, Rangbah Shnong of Umshakait. Pillar.
Therefore, the Seng Kmie invites all the members of the CEC, Presidents and General Secretaries and other members as well as all the Districts, Circles and Units to attend this event. HYC Organizing Secretary Isaac Basiawmoit said in a statement.
However, this distance from their fellow citizens from Meghalaya has not discouraged them from loving their own culture and nation.
Wang said the two sides had "a sincere, fruitful, constructive and strengthening" relationship between China and the United States.
Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Bah PS Dkhar, IDBL officials, school children of the area, Rangbah Shnong and villagers were also present to witness the event. sun.
On this occasion, the BSF decided to work hard to curb human trafficking and drug trafficking on the occasion of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that a Public Address System and CC TVs will be installed inside the Civil Hospital to search for those who have escaped from the hospital.
'May this year's Behdienkhlam celebration blossom and especially bring love, dignity, friendship and unity among the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa' This was announced by the General Secretary of KSU JHDU.
We have 130 crore people in the country and we must move forward to achieve the aspirations of Mahatma Gandhi, the aspirations of those who fought for independence.
This includes 7.5 kilograms of heroin in 2022, 16.3 kilograms in 2023 and nearly 1 kilogram of heroin seized in July-June
The presence of these foreigners in these areas pollutes the environment as they discharge waste into the drains and river.
What attracted the attention of the audience was the performance of the musicians from Garo Hills.
There are 166 recoveries from West Khasi Hills, 69 from West Khasi Hills and 62 from East Khasi Hills. There are 78068 cases to date.
The states in the North East, although rural and densely forested, have implemented the JJM well. This is the first time that five states in the region have received this song. funds for the successful implementation of this programme.
Shillong, Naitung 30: There are 101 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 4 in East Jaintia Hills, 25 in East Khasi Hills and 7 in Ri Bhoi. Hills 10, South West Garo Hills 6, West Garo Hills 42, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Chief Minister said that through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme, the Jal Jeevan Mission is a scheme of the Central Government and the goal is to provide water to the households in the villages and townships. In Meghalaya, water will be supplied to all villages.
“It is said that many leaders are now rigging the elections and talking nonsense at any meetings.
The DCs and SPs should be vigilant and enforce the borders.
On the other hand, the Magistrate said that the order was issued because there are those who are still mining new coal in the district and there are also vehicles carrying coal without shallan.
In this regard, a complaint has been filed in the High Court of Meghalaya by Bah Dame Wanhi Rymbai and others against the construction of the coal mine.
In this discussion, two parts were discussed, what should be done and what the government should do.
“Since the Shillong Cantonment Board has demolished a Team shop, the garbage flowing from this street has stopped and every day many people pass by to avoid vehicles falling into the street. This is the ahor when they leave besides the garbage, said the shopkeepers.
The district police have suspected that these may be the same people who robbed That-Ialong. and they hid themselves in that city.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow at 2.00 pm.
However, in the meeting with the Prime Minister, the answer was that the state government will not spend the short amount of money so that the salary will remain the same.
For what reason we don't know.
Shillong, June 02: UDP MP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who was supported by the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government today, said that the party has been working hard to improve the situation in the country. The Congress party will not be able to form a government in Delhi, but who will come is unknown.
The completion of this special training will help the police force to provide the security as desired by the people.
Besides the free medicines, the donations included clotheslines, walking aids, tables, chairs and ball kits for the school children and residents. The cost of purchasing all the items for the children is T.2.95 lakh.
The Government is working with schools to conduct research in accordance with this modern era and to address the problems by working together in the villages and such partnerships. They can also be found in the villages.
Therefore, the union urges the PWD department to take action and urge the contractors to provide the quality of the work according to the guidelines and instructions through the Indian Standards of Rural Road so that this road will continue to serve for many years. and that it will not be a waste of government funds.
TNT Sputnik CC, who came to tied later, struggled to reach the target set by Royal but failed to score 139 runs for the loss of five wickets in all overs.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of the Congress party from Mawsynram on Tuesday said that the issues of the farmers will be discussed in the Legislative Assembly tomorrow. " theme on farmers.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, the Government has taken many decisions for the welfare of the soldiers and their families.
In this committee, the leaders such as MLAs are members and officials of the government and this committee is to oversee the implementation of central government schemes in the districts through the Rural Development Department.
There will also be an increase and improvement in the content to be provided to students.
He said that the advertisement issued by the police department is illegal and he raised the question from which provision of law they can reduce the number of applications. youths who deserve to get their police jobs in the midst of this time when the youth of the State are facing unemployment.
Speaking at both the tournaments, the Chief Guest and the Symbud Kongsans said that the Seng urges all the departments to organize such tournaments as part of the encouragement to the youngsters and also to encourage them to showcase their talents.
It is estimated that this will benefit about 1 crore taxpayers.
Furthermore, to improve the work, he stressed the need to provide information to the public.
All the markets in East Khasi Hills District have been closed today. Even in the villages, there has been no crowd, there have been only a few vehicles on the road. .
The Seng urges the Dorbar Shnongs across the Bri U Hynniewtrep to prepare themselves in advance to prevent these mynder from smuggling into their villages.
In his speech, the Rangbah Shnong expressed his satisfaction that the Seng has remembered the families of Mawsiatkhnam village to donate these food items which has been a blessing to many families. except to be hungry and to feed the children.
Answering questions, Bah Latiplang said that there is no rule to take the files home because the files should be in the office.
The two Kurs Sanglyne Basan and Syiemlieh Sawkpoh should immediately reject this offer of land to the army. the place in your area.
“A statement from the entire KSU to the youth of the KSU across the Bri u Hynniewtrep, be strong, be strong as the police increase our strength and while we can endure we will endure.
Also present on the occasion were the Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal, Archbishop Leopoldo Gerelli, Archbishops and Bishops of the North Eastern Provinces, Priests, Religious and the people of God.
Later, a speech was delivered by Rev.H.H.Mohrmen who explained about the employment opportunities in the tourism industry and also the necessary parts that the village and the community can do to attract tourists to the village.
The deceased were two mothers, Jamuna Suna, 44, of Pinwood Quarter and Anjalee Boruah, 60, of Laitumkhrah.
`The people living in the area today are very eager to see peace, love and justice,` he added.
In Meghalaya, the implementation of this scheme has been going well and the assistance provided by the government is T.12000/- per household for the construction of a toilet.
The union demands that the Traffic Branch should be located within the district so that the people of the area will not be affected.
Police also seized three mobile phones.
This shows that if we allow the Assam Government to do whatever it wants within 10 years, the Assam Government will be able to build POs up to Wah Myntang or Sahsniang Ruh.
The Mahila's meeting with Dr. DD Lapang was to request him to return to the Congress party.
The family members have complained that the 22-year-old girl has been missing since the 22nd of this month.
U-23 Women Best Batter – Samayita Roy Prodhan (Sikkim), Best Bowler – Thoudam Mangalsana (Manipur),Best Wicketkeeper – Keisham Kalpana Devi (Manipur).
Zenit M Sangma Minister of Sports, who was the chief guest at the closing ceremony of this year's tournament, said that sports is essential no matter what kind of sport it is. The employment opportunities for the youth especially in these days and times, and also those children who have sport certificates help them a lot in finding jobs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Barikupar said that during this meeting with the Minister, the Minister has already received the news from the Minister in the past few days. On the other hand, the Minister invited them to discuss their demands.
“It is true that I am close to the Chairman of the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: A group of civil society organizations including the HYC, HANM, EJNU, JNM and CORP today turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit. The IGP has blocked the road and sent him to Mawbyna.
Shillong, November 20: The Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, General Administration (A) Department, today announced that all government offices and courts will be closed on the 28th and 29th of this month. and 25th October 2017 when government offices will be open on these days.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM said that he has not received a letter regarding the withdrawal of the Congress MDCs from the EC of the PDF. .
Atul Sobti in his speech, said that the government's procurement has brought about a transparent and efficient system of governance, and looking at the amount of procurement, its role cannot be counted.
Michael Thongni Secretary said that the essay writing competition can be held online and offline and these essays can be sent to the email of the organization and offline can be called phone number and members of the organization will come to collect and the deadline for submission of essays will be 21st June
On the other hand, COMSO strongly condemns those who took advantage to disrupt the march yesterday and also the police who used force in stopping the disturbance yesterday.
In the second match at 1.30pm, Nongstoin Hills beat Mawthoh Hills 3 goals through Pyniaid Thongni; Kuparwel Thongni and Kyrshanbor Thongni.
Opening the Campaign, the Secretary (Tourism) said that sustainable and responsible practices will be implemented in projects and initiatives through SwadeshDarshan
In a message sent by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today in honor of the 78th birth anniversary of this great writer, The head of the state will be remembered and honor goes to him.
The purpose of this special training is to enable the youth of Meghalaya from the border areas to compete with other ethnic groups from other parts of India.
The program was held at Divine Word Sec.School Lumshnong.
The most difficult time for these villages is during the rainy season, when it rains, the people cannot walk from one side to the other of the Uming River because there is not even a footbridge.
The allocation of medicines by the government has been divided into four parts. For those who go to get medicines, T.40/- per day, for those who stay for treatment in hospitals, the fee is T. 48/- per day.
The ANVC(B) rebels have left their residence two days ago after a clash between the police and the rebel group which came forward to sign a social peace agreement with the government. .
Due to the upcoming Assembly elections, the state government has already issued a notice that the shops will remain closed for four days, three days and polling day this month and one day on market day. vote.
The T.21 crore project is to construct 532 irrigation systems on an area of ​​350 hectares, 2500 hectares of other land and 12500 hectares of water wells.
Shillong, November 21: HITO today visited the office of Block Umsning, during the visit, it found that the land is large, the question is what is behind the relocation. HITO Ri Bhoi Block Office.
The newly built statues will be an example to encourage and inspire the youth during this time of celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 95th Anniversary of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the order has been issued to start operating two pre-fab hospitals. Negative pressure COVID-19”.
Speaking to media after the meeting, he said that all the parties in the MDA government have come together and elected Prestone Tynsong Deputy Chief Minister as the Chairman of the MDA government. Core Committees.
The shopkeepers said that the Shillong Cantonment Board does not come to clean at all but only collects the rent and shop fees.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah HS Shylla, CEM, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). .
He said today's soskular is very important for peace in Assam and the North East as a whole.
“I also had the opportunity to ask because, as soon as I entered the office, the principal said, 'You are the one to ask such questions, we have our own. When asked on what basis these rules were set, she did not give an answer that I had to leave the office.
“We will continue to monitor this issue and if the government cannot do anything, we will take other protest measures to force the government to implement this law,” said Bah Thomas. .
The PWD department also submitted a report on many road works.
“As soon as the translation is done, it will be immediately incorporated," he said.
During the ceremony, there was also a ceremony to cleanse the meidot padot and the household members who are still wearing the traditional naim known as Niamtre.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The residents of Mawpen village under Bhowal Hima today turned to the KHADC to protest against the appointment of a temporary Rangbah Shnong by the Syiem of the Hima.
The KJNU urges the paradoh parasnam who are in the area not to be afraid or lose hope.
On this day, all the employees of the office took the initiative to work and clean their own office where they go to work every day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Fourteen political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, GSU, JSU, RBYF, JYF, CSWO, Kwadda, AJYWO, AYWO, ADE, AIGU and FAF have stood firm on the basis of They have expressed their concern over the Election Department of the state allowing the soldiers and foreigners to register their names on the Electoral Roll of Madanriting.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The KSU Narpuh has questioned whether the search department for foreigners has done what when Bangladeshis have been allowed to enter the state. KSU Tongseng Narpuh Unit together with KSU Narpuh Circle today seized a Sumo No.AS24C 2140 carrying 7 persons. women.
The government has taken all necessary measures to curb this incident in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 26: In recent days, there has been a clash on the border between Meghalaya and Assam at Lapangap village where police from both Meghalaya and Assam have joined hands to stop any clash with the state police. Assam has built a shipor residence in the village.
The BDO of Ranikor said that only those villages have been counted but the information is still coming and the inspection of the houses that have been destroyed by the natural disaster has not yet been completed. is underway to get a comprehensive assessment on the environmental damage.
However, in general, even the civil society organizations have to understand that the government has taken action, there is a need for cooperation for the work to move forward.
The Leader of the Unitarian Union of North East India, Rev Derrick P Pariat, spoke about the Unitarian Church in Nongthymmai and recalled the role played by the two mothers of Kharbithai. and Yen Nongkhlaw and others will follow.
“The government! Don't fight with the people of Lumshong as you did with the people of Wapung.
During the meeting, they also discussed the schools which are still in the deficit pattern to be transferred to the deficit system, the provincialization of schools.
The other four candidates are Saleng A. Sangma from the Congress, Zenith Sangma from the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and Labenn Ch.
The clarification on this will be made tomorrow morning after the meeting with the government.
At this meeting, the issues faced by the organizers on the polling day were discussed.
Prestone, who is also in charge of the health department, said that he has sent the Director of Health Services to the house of SK Sunn and when the test was taken, the result was positive for COVID-1 -19 positive.
Shillong, March 13: To encourage farmers to cultivate crops without the use of fertilizers.
Pala said it is true that the party's leading leaders are with Mallikarjun Khagre, but the party supporters have their own opinions, but whoever wins will have to work together. to clean up the party.
All employees have been directed to open bank accounts to pay their salaries. The reason for the delay in payment of their salaries is that Those working under this department have not yet opened their accounts in the banks.
Shillong, March 07: The party Democratic Front (PDF) has expelled three MDCs, the The party's expulsion letter from Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Blanding Warjri and James Sylliang has ended today.
Therefore, public sector undertakings should be strengthened, corporate social responsibility (CSR) of companies should be enhanced, and the right to income and welfare in society should be strengthened. society.
Jowai, July 04: The Jowai Students Movement (JSM-WJC) today arrested Ram Sankar, a resident of Jowai village. Together with you.
The HYC expresses its full support to MAWU on their strike and we cannot fail to congratulate and thank the ASHAs for their selfless work in their areas of work especially We must not forget how they treated us during the time of Kovid-1
The PIB, DFP, DAVP, AIR and DDK have conducted this information campaign on the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan Scheme. , said that the purpose of this scheme is to teach the people how to keep their communities clean and safe.
The district task force, labor officers and enforcement officers of the ADCs will be informed about the safety of workplaces and other places.
During the meeting, they agreed to have cooperation to develop in relation to culture, cooperation to improve income and to discuss how to overcome the challenges.
The exact cause of the officer's suicide is still unknown.
Among those who passed the HSSLC, there are some who are women and elderly who have passed.
This was handed over to the village at a meeting held by the Lumshyiap Dorbar Shnong. The Property Nongpluh President of the National People's Party (NPP) was also present.
On receiving information about the incident, Umsning Police Station rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire and remove the tire. Police are conducting investigation.
The CBC will also be able to deliver podcasts and digital audio platforms to listeners through the registration of digital audio platforms.
The Hima has set up hand washing stations at all the entrances to the market and there are Hima police to guard and order the people entering the market to wash their hands and to wear he wears a mask.
New Delhi, November 18: The Lok Sabha has passed the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Bill –
If too many Non Tribals are employed in our country, it will cause the indigenous people to lose their jobs and income.
All this is due to the hard work of the 80 members that the church has become what it is today to celebrate this jubilee and this is another milestone in the victory of the church.
The MBOSE said that family members and students can check their results through their mobile phones by visiting the MBOSE website.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has invited applications for the Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva Awards for the years 2012 and 2013 to honor those people who have contributed to the cause of children.
On the other hand, the Lamphang said that he wants to complete the movement of the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to Mawdiangdiang next year. first next year.
According to the Mairang MLA, the foodgrains were donated free of charge but handed over to the village headmen with the request to distribute them according to the knowledge and judgment to the needy families. who have no bread to eat, nor money to buy.
After the swearing-in ceremony, the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice AK Mittal, the newly appointed Grade I Judicial Officers and the newly appointed Grade III Judicial Officers also met.
Speaking at the meeting, the president of the Meghalaya State Unit, Charles Pyngrope, said that the party has decided that when they form the government after the second month elections, they will implement this proposal. to the public for implementation.
The loss of this transformer has caused a power outage in the village for more than 10 months.
“It is for this reason that we have to educate the people how to improve their drinking water supply,” said Dr MA Farooqi.
However, otherwise, the HYC will take steps to ensure that the refugees get their rights and to ensure that the university should take strict action against the organizers,” said Bah Sawian.
There are 6 people in the hospital for treatment.
Ltd from Kolkata said that when they looked at the company profile, they found that the company has nothing to do with the manufacture or supply of tin but is only a company that manufactures steel pipes.
The CEO of MHIS-IV said that so far up to 5 lakh people have been registered and this will continue as the goal is to ensure that all the residents are able to register. in the current MHIS-IV.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that they are currently preparing a Detail Project Report and after receiving the DPR, the government will take a decision to accept or reject it. the Cool Dam Project.
Some of them said that if there is a break in the vehicles going from Motphran to Police Bazar, the death toll will be shocking.
Guwahati Airport, The new building will have an area of ​​102,500 sqm to allow the airport to serve 9 million passengers per annum.
Their honoring through various awards shows that they have an impact on the people who listen to what they decide.
At this meeting, it was also decided that the residents of Rangthong village will come out to stop the inspection of the army in the village if they continue to come.
Robertjune Kharjahrin said he urged the opposition leader that Dr Mukul Sangma, who is against the ILP and is still against it, should remember that he is of the Achick people.
The three candidates are Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein from the UDP, Kitborlang Nongrem from the NPP and Jotin Khardewsaw from the Congress.
It is an opportunity for me to honor these freedom fighters on the anniversary of Quit India Day on the 9th of July at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The HNLC's struggle is that they do not want a state within India but they want to live independently.
“The Government doesn't have any problems to run this project itself because even the money doesn't come from the Central Government,” said Bah Roypar.
During this visit, he called a meeting with the officers to discuss how to prevent the spread of the disease.
According to the situation, the party has witnessed that all the Khasi understand the danger of passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill
Shillong, March 31: After 4 nights and 3 days of hunger strike in Shillong jail, police last night released Pynskhemlang Nongshlong along with his followers without any charges. He was arrested on charges of violating Section 144 CrPC in Shillong by sitting in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
These bikes are part of the 100 days of work of the government which was set by the Chief Minister.
The Paiem Hima Nongkhlaw said that it is better not to explain because it is not useful to live in the air especially after the explanation that came in the reply to the letter of the Ministry of Home Affairs Government of India on the VAB. The January 2016 letter from the MHA, Government of India, clearly states that the KHADC Acts should include other ethnic groups and should include the Dkhars and Lynkien from the north. original inhabitants".
This order will come into force throughout the South West Khasi Hills District and will come into force immediately until the end of the election.
East Khasi Hills district has won six gold medals in various categories.
At the time of independence, there was a discussion that the Central Government should not interfere in the coal mining industry as it already exists and the Central Government has also give the answer that the central government will not interfere with the customs and traditions of the minorities.
A small meeting was held at the Community Hall of Iongkaluh Village and was conducted by Betrin Kyndiat, President of Village Organizations (VOs), Iongkaluh.
“I have been in this industry for 20 years who can stop me from singing and what I cannot sing? freedom of him or her to communicate what he or she has.
Before he confirmed them, he gave many advices, he said you should be pure in heart and should be united, you should not criticize each other but you should ask for advice. respectively in any required section.
Initially, UCIL had allocated T.19.88 crore and after increasing the price by T.20.31 crore, UCIL had asked KHADC to complete the work at a cost of T.40.19 crore. crore including the initial release and the new release.
“On Tuesday last month we checked Trading License and Labor License in collaboration with KHADC. On that day, we found that there are many illegal traders within the boundary of the village. “We have also found that there are many foreigners working illegally within our border without permission from the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Mawrie.
Speaking at the online seminar, Roy said that much more can be done to benefit from the beauty of the state.
The MP and MLAs from Garo Hills have set up a committee to examine the 38 languages ​​in India including Khasi. The Garo Language for inclusion in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
New Delhi Lber 26: The Delhi High Court today ordered the Government of India to give leave to the employees of the Finance Department of the Government of India on Holy Thursday and on Easter because these two days are important in Christianity because it is the death and resurrection of the Lord Jesus.
The Government has seen that there are no shortcomings in this Act and today it has decided that there is nothing wrong with the rules of the State Government.
On the 19th of this month, Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village, was arrested from Mairang and brought to Shillong on Tuesday.
However, as it appeared in the media that if Bah Kitborlang Nongrem gets the ticket of the party, the NPP will leave the party on the grounds that the people don't want him anymore. “There are many leaders who have been looking for reasons to leave the party,” said Bah Nongrem.
Wanbok Lyngdoh Mawphlang and Marqueenless Ramsiej have become the winners of the 5th Shillong 10K Run, organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, on the morning of July 22,
The pharmaceutical groups have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister for his leadership in these difficult times.
With a sense of responsibility and responsibility for the community, the KSU Saphai Unit under the leadership of Samla Balawan Suchiang (President) and Samla Ricky Syntem (Genl.
UDP YW State Secretary Prosper Dorphang, UDP YW State Secretary Rajes Lapang, UDP YW Vice President, Ri Bhoi District, Richard Moksha, UDP YW Vice President, Ri Bhoi District, Johny Marbaniang Finance Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Pril Sten Sports Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Moonstar Jarain Asst Secretary Sports Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District, Bishno Roy Dillar – E/C member UDP Ri Bhoi District and others Executive Members of the UDP Youth Wing Ribhoi include Henry Mukhim, Ribor Makdoh, Kyrshan Lyngdoh, Seibor Nongphlang, Elevenson Makdoh and members including K.Wonderful Khymdeit, Ng.
In 1958, the Government of India enacted the AFSPA, which affected the human rights of the people living in the North East.
The wealth of scientific knowledge that India possesses was hidden during the colonial period.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister gave their acknowledgment that there is a real problem in the field of farmers, in the marketing of agricultural products, it is important that the government wants to get feedback from the farmers so that the government can introduce policies for agriculture.
He said that Sengsang Marak was a former member of the GNLA and this group is involved in extorting money from the people of Garo Hills.
On this occasion, VPP leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit also honored the composer and singer of the song 'Kongdeng Kongnah ha u Prah'
Samla Bring Marbaniang, 26, from Nongtarian village in Ri Bhoi District, was on his way to Mawdwar village to work when unidentified persons bombed him and he died. event.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the curfew will start at 5 pm on the 20th and end at 5 pm on the same day.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has released a total of 96691 positive cases of COVID-19, 95019 recoveries and 1622 deaths. after.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Tyllilang Basketball Academy will hold the Winter Basketball Comp from 2nd November 2019 to 22nd July 2020 at Pearly Dew School Shillong.
The leaders should not only call or shout during the elections but should also look after and contribute to such refugees.
The President of the NPP Women's Front Meghalaya State Unit Dr. Jasmine M. Lyngdoh said, “As women, we are deeply saddened to hear of the incident which has encouraged us to work for the elections. Working President Magdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Deputy Commissioners of Meghalaya today distributed the Home Quarantine to the Rangbah Shnongs who have returned home.
The numbers are wrong.
The use of Information Technology and electronic surveillance to ensure the implementation of traffic rules and to free drivers and the public from being harassed.
The government must stand with us, it must accompany us.
Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU in a statement sent today said that the government department has withdrawn immediately after the KSU expressed its opposition to the announcement. government.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Answering a question by Rupert Momin regarding the Anti Dacoity Camp at Mitegittim, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the government has is reviewing this application.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, a curfew has been imposed in the entire East Khasi Hills District and the total number of cases in the state has risen to
If the garment manufacturers do not receive the ksai, they should inform and within 48 hours the problem should be resolved. This is because the government has taken action to promote the garment industry in India.
The meeting discussed the issue of traffic jam in urban and suburban areas. He will convene a meeting with the Police, PWD, Urban Department and Transport Department to provide detailed explanations on the issue. Shillong: Traffic jam in Shillong.
Shillong, July 13: Answering a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh on the purchase of electricity by the government from companies, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, said that the purchase of electricity from NEEPCO T.6.37 per unit, HPTC T.2.75 per unit, NTPC T.3.90 per unit and ONGC Tripura T.2.53 per unit.
The purpose of this training is not only to improve the skills of the players but also to encourage the players to have a trained referee and this will enable the players to become more skilled in the field. do good to those who are coming, that they may rise up.
There was also a discussion on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, 17 August 1948, in which Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that the true right The Khasi State should be in the status of Article which means that it has the right to the status of Khasi State under the Fist Schedule of the Constitution of India according to these treaties and promises.
The issue came after a meeting of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Khasi Garo and Jaintia, which includes the Federation of Khasi States, the Dorbar of Dolloi, Sirdarships and the Council of Nokmas. ), on the 7th, 8th and 9th June, 2012, in New Delhi, in a meeting with Shri.
After the incident, police conducted a search operation around the area and especially on the road leading from Goflink to Nongmynsong. vehicles passing in the area.
Two Deputy Chief Ministers Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Marcuise N Marak were also present on the occasion. More than 1400 people took part.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell CEC today met with the Director of Agriculture (Research, Training and Technology) regarding the list released yesterday. 28-08-20 for B.sc (Hons) 4year courses through state quota to study at College of Agriculture, Manipur.
The PradhanMantri Jan-DhanYojana (PMJDY) is one of the world's largest financial inclusion initiatives, launched in April 2014, with the aim of providing banking services. to all families who are not already receiving these services.
She also explained that there were many Khasi poets who translated the works of Rabindranath Tagore into Khasi.
Bah Batkhsem said that he puts the people first, he said that he will not sit as an MDC until the end of the five years. He did not oppose the Congress party but there is no law that prohibits the Congress party from loving the people. I have come here to announce that I will withdraw my support for the new party they have formed.
The government has prepared to build the training center at a cost of T.282 crore, but after the approval of the Ministry of Small Paid, the Central Government has allocated T.151.95 crore and The State Government has been allowed to pay 10% of the cost of the construction of the water supply system at Babadam to start the work at that time, but now all the Districts have been allowed to have such a training centre.
During this visit, the Chairperson visited all the five karma prisons.
Along with other Lyndan dignitaries, the family members of BahKorel Khongsngi and other guests of honor, the Lympung was also attended by the Lympung. Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was also the Chief Guest.
On this occasion, training was also given to the youth on how to take care of themselves especially when they reach the age of marriage and how to eat and drink.
As usual, before the ceremony, the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, used to hold a thanksgiving ceremony, a shat, a kheiñ, a kñia and a khriam. three places, mostly at Lum Dorbar in Lawnongthroh, followed by Mei Mawbuh and finally at the altar of Lum Sohpetbneng, which at this time the signs themselves speak clearly. that God the Lord together with the Ryngkew ki Basa have come to show with their own signs and signs of their acceptance of this Resurrection and this Lehniam is known as the Lehniam. He Hat He Taiew.
During the visit, the EMRI leaders found that the Minister was not in the office and when inquired, those in Delhi were informed that due to the delay in the departure of the plane, the Minister could not reach the office on time. fine.
The Congress party has already agreed to welcome the former MLA and Minister in the Meghalaya government to the UDP party in the next few days. In the 2018 MLA election, JA Lyngdoh contested from the BJP from the same 17-North Shillong Assembly Constituency with 5160 votes and came second in the last election.
At this meeting, they agreed to jointly patrol the border between the two countries in areas where smuggling is rampant.
Shillong, March 30: The Chief Election Officer of the Meghalaya Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that he has received a complaint from the Congress party that some people have taken pictures at the polling station in 47-Rajabala constituency.
There was also a Christmas song by the children of God's Dream Children's Home.
Answering questions, Arnes said the BJP supports the demand for ILP because this is the demand of the people.
We all have concern for this issue and we will not leave the people living on the border facing problems,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Shillong, Nailur 27: A complaint has been filed against the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after the office has summoned him to appear before the court. “The Syiem of Jirang Hima, Pa'im Amborlin Wahlang, told reporters today at the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle on 17th May 2017 held a meeting with the leaders of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang. They were accompanied by the leaders of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. They visited Mawnianglah Village, 7 Mile, Upper Shillong to establish another Executive Unit known as the FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit.
The meeting will be held at 11 am on 22nd January 2013 at the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoin, Khadphra (18) Dolloi and others. Sirdar of Ri Lum Jaintia Hills will meet at 11 pm on the 25th January 2013, at Hall Trep Pale Locality, Jowai.
He said that whether it is connectivity through roads, railways, airlines, transportation through residential areas or political connectivity or deititi connectivity or emotional connectivity, all the distances to the northeast are the ones being erased.
Through a 1800 MTs LPG filling plant and a bottling capacity of 40,000 barrels per day, the bottling plant can provide employment to the people of Bihar.
Dawki Police have arrested the two Bangladeshis under the Foreigners Act and are currently in the custody of the police for further investigation. In India.
In the rural areas, schools have been allowed to open from Class I to Class XII. In addition to this order, the government has issued 30 rules and regulations. The first rule is that parental permission is required to send children to school.
“We have also used technology to arrest drug traffickers and the CID has worked hard to use technology to track down the involvement of drug traffickers.
The CEC of the KSU and the KSU as a whole send their condolences to all the family members of Bah Rishot, and the KSU promises to be with you not only at this time but in any time when the work demands.
The HNLC has also sent a copy of the letter to the Chief Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and to the Government officials and HNLC leaders at the peace talks table.
Shillong, July 11: A taxi driver, Bah Talbinus Dhar, 24, of Shillong, has been arrested while drinking cigarettes at M/s New Starlight Mobile Shop. Dharmendra Kumar Shah, 23, the owner of the shop, has been told not to smoke cigarettes.
The battalion received Battle Honor for its bravery.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 109 people have tested positive for COVID-1 East Khasi Hills 78 cases, of which 10 cases are from the Army and 68 cases are from civilians.
The Minister today called a meeting with the Officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the situation in the country after the outbreak of COVID-19 in some parts of the country.
In a letter sent to all the Principals of Schools, it was written that they should not allow the students to come to school in two wheelers when they come to school. ei ei to prevent school children from coming to school by car or wheelchair.
They also demanded that the name of the Ri Bhoi Sub Division be changed to Gorkha District.
Synrem said that there are Khar Muslims who have come to flee and settle in these areas which can put a threat to our nation.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Assamese community today celebrated Rongali Bihu across the state as a welcome to the New Year.
In this sense, this is the dual responsibility of school children, college students and university students.
Because as we know this PHC Diengpasoh covers many villages in these areas from Siejiong to Mynriang and other villages.
He said that this is the second treatment in Shillong and the first is mebai where he has started this treatment in Meghalaya and this will be a great help to the people because it is As a Khasi medicine, there is also a scientific knowledge in this method of treatment.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the government's proposal for the housing construction scheme which includes the amount of money that the people should take is not feasible. .
RPF Police at Agartala Railway Station have seized 15 kilos of Ganja worth T.1.5 lakh. They cost up to T.6.95 lakh.
This year’s theme is “ There is no such thing as a Vote, I will go and Vote”.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has directed the district authorities to send relief to the victims of the floods.
Languages ​​that are important in society which should be appropriate to the times and which should be preserved in their own native languages ​​such as Deiriti, should not be written as culture because it is a widespread interpretation. follow.
Shillong, March 06: U Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA of 33-Rambrai Jyrngam constituency on Tuesday admitted that on the Meghalaya-Assam border there are some people who have two EPICs.
During these years, he said, he has been a leader in flying aircraft and from the beginning to reaching this rank he has spent up to 2500 hours in various types of aircraft.
The Deputy Commissioner has ordered the BDO of Mawsynram Block to inspect the property after receiving a letter from Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang on Tuesday. the affected communities.
Regarding the Higher Secondary Section of Sib Sing Memorial Govt School which has been opened since 1995 in Nongstoin, but till now the Government has not appointed any teachers in the Higher Secondary Section for Arts and Science according to the requirements. .
With this smart card, the public can get all the treatment at the hospitals that have contracted with the government.
KSU Umsning Circle has organized a tree planting ceremony at Umsning Market.
He said that the light bill will be held twice a month and this month, which is the beginning of the work, it has been scheduled to be held on the 5th and 19th of November. The people should cooperate for this, so that this work can go smoothly for their benefit in many ways according to the wishes of all.
When you go to Langpih, there are many festivals.
On the same day, the Governor also visited the Cathedral Church, Laitumkhrah, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. he shall not enter into the house of worship.
Shillong, June 08: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) has organized a march from Motphran to Bangladesh to protest against the government's inability to do anything to curb the smuggling of smuggled cattle to Bangladesh. Additional Secretariat by carrying placards with them.
The G-20 Presidency opens up a unique opportunity for India to contribute to the work of the world's leading countries.
The meeting also decided that the plan of the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council to declare the Hima Forest at Mawpat as a Lawadong on the 5th of this month should be postponed.
This book, which is about Bah PR Kyndiah, is a collection of all his speeches in the Legislative Assembly during his tenure as MLA, and the decisions he took. During his tenure as Speaker of the House, the main issue was on the nomination to remove the membership of independent MLAs. He is also the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly.
They are saddened that the Indian government has implemented the ILP only in Manipur but Meghalaya which has been demanding for a long time has not been implemented and this is an insult to Meghalaya as a whole.
He urged the future generations to know the new customs and traditions to preserve the Khasi identity.
This is what is said in the Constitution of India and we know that the Reasonable Restriction applies as stated in: QuoteClause (d) reads as follows QuoteUnquote Clause (e) QuoteUnquote Article 29 reads Quote-Unquote which in fact is against this but has been allowed because it is considered to be right. Clause (e) of Article 19 of the Constitution of India, but since it was created for the protection of us Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya, it is too stupid for the Governor of Meghalaya to delay. how to sign this Ordinance.
The JSU together with the village authorities will think and inform the law enforcement authorities to prevent the infiltration of foreigners into the village. stay in the village and in the area as a whole.
Also present on the occasion was Harish C Chaudhary, IFS, Principal Secretary to the Governor.
The BSNL employees demanded that their pension should be calculated based on their salary.
In this regard, he said that he will write to the Chief Secretary of the state to increase their salary to T.10,000/- per month.
This is the second time that the party has taken such protest measures. The party has already held a Lama Iong rally on the same issue. “If the government does not listen to this demand, the union will not hesitate to take strong protests to turn the attention of the government to its handling of the problems of the people,” said the statement. Shaniah Suchen President HANM, Jaintia Hills Unit.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Eastern Circle on 13.04.2024 opened the Maitshaphrang Knockout Football Tournament
Regarding the problems of the people living in the border villages who still fall within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the MDC of Mawhati and the MDC of Umroi, said: “We have seen that the MDA Government has completed the border settlement in the first phase with the Assam Government to resolve the border issues and now the border settlement has been completed. come to the second watch.
If the appointment of contractual posts in other government departments like the District Rural Development Agency and others can issue advertisements and call for interviews, why can't the Education Department? corruption and corruption where else is the future of education and knowledge.
We have asked all the shops but no one has seen us,” said the sister of Phibankyntiew.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Ransom Sutnga said that the child and the owner of the vehicle came to apologize to the village and phoned the SP City to drop the complaint.
Appreciating the efforts of the Ministry of Education and Dr. Kasturirangan and his team, who have prepared this policy, the President said that the policy has been prepared after a thorough consultation and lakh gram panchayats, more than 12,500 community groups and about 675 districts which have submitted more than 2 lakh suggestions showing understanding of the situation.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Union Minister of State for Education Ramesh Pokhriyal today inaugurated the Anath Ashram Secondary School, Language Lab under the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan and programmes. and the lecture today at the North Eastern Hill University Shillong.
In these four years we have had many games in different categories.
Shillong, March 29: To express their condolences on the sudden death of Bah Nasar Marwein, the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a condolence meeting at the Conference Hall of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Shillong.
During the meeting, they also discussed security measures, how to deal with natural disasters, information sharing and the evacuation of military bases.
They were charged under Section 188 of the Magistrate's Order.
On the same day, a meeting of the Ministry of Education was convened in which the Minister in charge of Education was present along with the officers. , EMRS teams and others related to the activities of the education department.
He also urged the Umwai Unit to be vigilant against the invasion of foreign nationals who have settled in our society which poses a threat to the society as a whole.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PT Passah, said that the meeting with the Mazdoor Union was successful after the Union decision to stop the protest by threatening to stop the import of oil to Meghalaya.
The Best Marchpast was awarded to Resubelpara RMSA Secondary School.
The ESIC hospital is a hospital set up by the Central Government for those who work in factories to receive treatment.
Shillong, March 16: The Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today met to discuss the MDC elections to the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC. 2019.
The Urban Development Department has submitted its recommendation to the government and it is now up to the government to take a decision. The reason for the transfer of the JMB to the JHADC is that the people of Jowai do not accept many of the works that the government wants to do and at the same time they are willing to pay the taxes that the municipal government wants to do. it should be taken from the local population.
In his speech, the Chairman congratulated the Government of Tamil Nadu, especially the officers of the Tribal Welfare Department, who organized the meeting.
Many dignitaries from the area were present on the occasion and Eva N Sangma became the first Branch Manager of the bank.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today said in a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) that it is aware of those who use the The name of the party is wrong during the election.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that the KHADC has spent billions of rupees to set up the Heritage Village, but it has not been able to achieve the target as planned.
The 20th of July every year is Sadbhavna Diwas across India.
The training was conducted by the District Health Society, NHM, East Khasi Hills District and the participants were Dr. JB Ranee, MCH Officer, MCH Officer, O. Sumer, DHEO. Dr. L. Syiemlieh, Medical and Health Officer, Diengiei PHC, W. Pamdhai, District Program Manager and those who attended the ceremony were school children and teachers from the area. .
These 27 persons were on pilgrimage to Jerusalem from Shillong, who left on 9th November.
Speaking to reporters at the scene, he said that those who survived the injuries will be temporarily accommodated inside the dorbar hall at Kenche's Trace where he has provided them with food and clothes.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr L Lyngdoh, Head of the Blood Bank of the Central Government Health Centre, said that blood is very important for the people.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The district administration of East Khasi Hills District has expressed concern over the increase in the price of beverages in the past few days.
At this public meeting, Conrad said the Congress Government has not been able to increase the income of the people especially those who depend on coal mining for their livelihood.
At present, the establishment of South West Khasi Hills District has affected four MDC constituencies, Mawsynram and East Khasi Hills.
Oil and natural gas companies and CGD companies aim to grow PNG to reach 1 crore households by
Nongkrem, Naiwieng 12: In compliance with the SOPs issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Hima Khyrim today held the Shad Nongkrem and Pomblang lyngka in the grounds of the Hima Khyrim. you're sad.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Police of Pynursla police station are searching for four persons who have allegedly raped a schoolgirl near a cemetery in Pynursla village. five days.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to complain about the construction of a market at Lubia in Mawlong District.
In his message, the Chief Minister said that although Meghalaya has not yet reported any cases of the disease, the important thing is to think and prevent.
Chowna Mein, Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Arunachal Pradesh, said that the welfare of the indigenous people of the state will go hand in hand with the development and growth of the border areas of the state.
India will play a major role in the development and deployment of that technology.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: BSF troops today after receiving a tip on a tip raised a truck number WB-15B-4935 at Sonapur. 165 paper boxes containing phensedyl were seized from the vehicle.
He said, “We will all witness a great and special moment, if we were born during slavery, how could we imagine this day? The desire for freedom from bondage, the anxiety for freedom from the chains of bondage—how difficult it is! Those days, each and every day, we will see millions of people of the country fighting, sacrificing themselves for freedom.
“Let’s meet, discuss and look at new ideas, opportunities and collaboration when we’re here," she said.
On the other hand, the AMUA has announced that if they do not receive their salary on that day, they will continue their strike by staging a strike on the 16th and 17th. on the 21st of this month by the office bearers and on the 21st they will hold another strike by stopping to repair if there is any damage.
The working days of the House shall be five days.
The National Trust State Coordinator, Belbora Wankhar, said that the celebration will start in Wahiajer, Jaintia Hills on the 3rd of November, followed by East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and Garo Hills. on November 2 in West Khasi Hills.
Responding to the demand for the introduction of a ban, the MPUF leader said, “We will not allow and we will not allow anyone to do anything that affects the society and before introducing The Railway should first issue us an Inner Line Permit (ILP) or any other law to protect us from being overwhelmed by the arrival of the Railway.
Therefore, the union requests the Rangbah Shnongs of the area to work together with the union to bring about the betterment of the area and also the peace and order. I urge the village authorities and the law enforcement agencies to come forward and work together to bring about change. inside this area is the end of the statement.
Until 24.12.2021, the payment has been received under the scheme.
The delay in the office of the Deputy Commissioner to announce the results has affected the youth of the area due to the delay in announcing the results. The results have been clarified and will take action to release the results.
He said that when there is a sick person, they have to carry a krong and this is like a relief for the sick person. The residents of this village have suffered a lot in coming and going due to the lack of They had to build a tree on the Umksiah River.
They expressed their dissatisfaction with the way in which laws are enacted in India without respecting the customs and traditions within the Shnong, Raid or Dorbar Hima where the approval of the people should be obtained.
Heavy rainfall has hit various parts of Meghalaya on Sunday.
Referring to the opening of trade with Bangladesh, Prestone said the government has already issued rules for those truck drivers to enter Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 10: This incident has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of Shillong village in many ways according to the present era.
The NSS unit also conducted a cleaning drive on the theme “Healthy Youth for Healthy India” with the participation of school children of the village.
The party led by its President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh has submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Speaking to reporters, FRMLA Publicity Secretary Edmund Khongngai said that in a meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, the FRMLA has expressed its regret over the information that Pynursla has received. is one of the hotspots.
However, if the fence is built, Pyrdiwah village and the roads will fall on the other side of the fence.
Sniawbhalang said that during their inspection today, the NHAI, which has awarded Simpex Infrastructure Ltd to construct the road, has found that the road is too slow to construct. It will be held on 10th July 2014 this year.
The Range Forest Officer of Mairang Range said that the office will continue to work together with the Forest Department to prevent such destructive activities. conduct public awareness programs on many environmental protection laws for the people of the area.
According to him, according to the law, once the Constitution has been passed by the Council and received the approval of the Governor, it means that the State Government has thoroughly considered it.
The 'tiew dohmaw, the writing of the light will shine and spread.
The Vice President of Invest India, Dr. Preet Deep Singh stressed on India's strength in terms of curcumin.
In his speech, John Sangma, one of the office bearers of HANM in the party, said that as members of the party, they should understand that they have a responsibility to work for the protection of the environment. the customs and traditions and to protect against the oppression of others as a minority.
The Minister informed the House that under the JJM scheme, the state government has to pay 10% of the cost of setting up the SE office in the districts. detailed calculation.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that the MUDRA scheme is to facilitate the people who set up small businesses by encouraging them to set up their own businesses.
The Commission stayed for two days in the district to understand the implementation of the schemes that have been delivered to the district.
Umsning, Naiwieng 07: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, has honored two youths who have been trained at the SBI-RSETI, Umran. now they have been able to set up their own businesses to stand on their own feet and have been able to employ others.
No Entry will be imposed on all vehicles passing along the Shillong-Jowai Road at Barik Point and Fire Brigade from 12.00 pm to 3.30 pm (until the procession ends). complete the Fire Brigade point).
He said that if only for the purpose of KYC they have to work for four or five days, it is a big problem.
Teams must implement an appropriate system to collect, monitor and publish online reviews of people in accordance with the requirements and procedures as defined in the Indian Standard IS 19000:2
It is learned that at the first dorbar bah of the farmers held on November 4, 2018, the union has put forward about 50 demands, but out of these the government has said that only 10 demands should be sent. these ten, of which only three are currently in operation.
The Government has strengthened the construction of roads and most of the roads have been allocated in West Kahsi Hills District. At this meeting, he said that the MLA of West Khasi Hills, Bah Gigur Myrthong, has worked hard to implement the road construction schemes. as this is an important role in this region.
Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie, Land Revenue and Planning, Fantin J Lakadong, Revenue, Water Resources, Mineral Resources, Karnes Sohshang, Development and Education.
The CEM of KHADC congratulated the Chiefs from different Hima who attended the meeting. Their attendance today shows their responsibility in this regard.
“We have received information that many of the offices of the Central Government in Meghalaya have not followed the provisions of the Office Memorandum and many of the youth have lost their right to enter the offices of the Central Government. The Central Government has not complied with the Office Memorandum,” said Bah Synrem and added that the Minister has promised to take action with the relevant authorities.
In West Garo Hills District, 29 cases are BSF personnel, 9 cases are from outside the state and one case is from North Garo Hills.
This will reduce logistics costs and open up the possibility of transportation of goods through water tanks from the roads.
At the same time, the MP urged the students of the college to be diligent and work hard in their studies in this age of knowledge.
The villages of Pyrton Sohphoh, Mawmahwar, Mawphansnar, Laitnongrim, Laitdithun, Rangshangkham, Laitryngwai, Niamsang, Pyndengkbah, Phanbhur, Mawkynroh including the small villages of Mawh Sohnroh and Wakynhlait. Lawkhla, Rangkhen, Kharlakhar, Wahrahaw, Manai, Khimmurah, Lawshlem, Ur-ur, Laitmawbah village including the small villages.
The delegation comprising Skill Development Department officials, Industries Department officials, ADB officials and others left Shillong to visit Kenmynsaw, one of the villages in the Syntein area. to identify land and fund various projects for the development of the area.
He said that after Dipul R Marak came as CEM and tried to resolve this issue, it was found that there are hundreds of snaiap employees within the GHADC. The GHADC has now decided that the salaries should no longer be paid in cash but should be sent to the accounts of the employees.
Police on receiving this information have registered a case under sections 188/336/406 of IPC R/W section 43(b). /72 IT Act R/W section 54 of the Disaster Management Act.
She said that the wish of the applicants is that the age of entry into the Police Department should be according to the Office Memorandum (OM) for
From 11:00 pm, the protesters carrying placards arrived at the gate of the factory and at this time the violence started with the police. guard before this gate.
Shillong, July 09: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSTB) has held an open session on 8th January 2014 to discuss the issues and benefits of MGNREGS and other development schemes. , by the Village Officers, VEC Officers such as Chairman, Secretary, and Women's Representatives of 320 Village Employment Councils (VECs) within the boundary of Mawshynrut C&RD Block, West Khasi Hills District, Riangdo to listen to their views and opinions on the implementation and achievements of various developmental schemes especially the challenges and benefits of Mahatma Gandhi NREGS. Mawshynrut C&RD Block is one of the largest and second largest VECs with 324 Village Employment Councils.
This lack of shallans has put the people in trouble as the need for shallans is every day in relation to payments and government jobs.
MEPA will remember Bah Shangdiar for his work in the field of media. He passed away on the 9th of this month. The funeral will be held tomorrow.
The union also asked the prime minister to expedite the construction of the Fire Service Station at Mawryngkneng so that the people of the area can get assistance especially when there is a fire.
S Pyngrope, General Secretary of the party, said that the protest will continue tomorrow morning as the government has not done anything yet.
For the first time since independence, you will not be sworn in to our new Parliament.
They were identified as Sheba Kharbani, 40, who works as a cleaner, Rupert Donbor Dohtdong, 43, and Blackstar Kharkrang,
Syntein, Mawsynram Constituency, today expressed their concern over the preparations of a government team to inspect the area regarding the kriah industry. ADB) Officials of the State Industries Department and the Skill Development Department were unable to reach Kenmensaw village where the public meeting was prepared.
"“After finding that they did not have proper documents, they handed over these foreigners to the Police Pasteur Beat House as usual so that the authorities of this Beat House can take the necessary action. However, when they arrived there, they were charged with various crimes and arrested that night,” said the statement.
Meanwhile, the BSF has seized 73 cows from East Jaintia Hills on the border with Bangladesh. It is estimated that 450 cows have been seized by the BSF this month alone. .Due to the increase in smuggling to Bangladesh, the BSF has strengthened its border patrols to protect against smugglers and at the same time to provide full security to border to also prevent illegal activities.
The death toll has risen to 7, of which 6 are from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to 1322 in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Bah Badapjiet Kylla, one of the candidates who passed the Meghalaya Eligibility Test (MTET) examination, on Tuesday said that the government should follow the rules of the NCTE and appoint those who passed the NCTE. you exam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: There are 30 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. , the total number of cases is
Shangpliang urged the farmers who own land and also those who want to help the farmers to help by providing special land to the organization to grow these seeds from their own state.
Shillong, Lber 09: “Trespassers Yn Siat” has been written in English, Hindi and Khasi at the army checkpoint in Laitkor. .
The introduction of the CAA reminds us of the flood that covered the nation in the form of Bangladeshis in 1971 and so on as well as the migration of people from Nepal in those years.
Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, Bah SA Rynjah in a statement sent to the media, said that on 30th July, 2024 at about 9:00 pm, the Bolkinggre OGC Police have arrested a suspect. A mysterious object has been recovered from Asiragre village under Williamnagar Police Station.
It is the responsibility of all of us.
The Secretary will introduce the General Officer Commanding (GoC), Delhi, Lieutenant General Dhiraj Seth to the Prime Minister.
Speaking at the 50th Anniversary of the State, Prestone congratulated the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State. Indira Gandhi declared the full state of India on 21/01/1
There is no question on any disciplinary action against anyone.
: it means any occasion in the day; it means to increase income.
Viola Sonachi B. Sangma, President, ICFAI University, Tura.
In the second half, Nongkren FC had many chances to score the first goal of the match, but Shillong Lajong FC tried hard not to score. they can score goals.
The protest will continue, if the government sends them to stop the protest, it should also grant their demands. , the government when it says that they will end the strike should also understand their problems.
All these traders are from Mankachar of Assam. They used to visit this market every month but on that day the suspected GNLA fighters opened fire on them.
During the inspection, they found that many of these shops did not have proper documents and many of them were run by other non-Khasi ethnic groups.
The union also submitted a petition with four demands: To demand from the state government to ensure the provision of strong security forces in the border areas and to grant the rights of the refugees who have died in the border areas. Assam Police in Mukroh.
The program was also attended by Union Ministers, MPs, MLAs and regional leaders.
The IG of BSF, Inderjit Singh Rana, has expressed his gratitude to the Meghalaya government for their cooperation, the villagers in completing the construction work at the site. This camp will not only protect the airport but will also improve the income of the people.
The HNLC has urged the state government to immediately release all the arrested KSU leaders such as North Khasi Hills President Ferdynald Kharkamni, Sonstar Nongkhlaw and other members. “If the government wants peace but if peace doesn't come, the government has to take responsibility,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC Shillong. , July 13: U Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, one of the Muktiars who appeared in Shillong today, wrote to the Home Minister, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, in which he said, Call for talks with the KSU for the good of the state as a whole.
The meeting also held the re-election of the office bearers of the AICU where Lancy da Cunha was re-elected as the Nation President, Elias Vaz of Goa was re-elected as the National Vice President of the AICU. part of the term 2018 from 2020 and these will lead to the 100th anniversary jubilee which will end in Delhi in
The ceremony was conducted by Rangbah Skor Jala, Khnong Rynsan of the Khasi Mawkhar Shillong.
After the youths reported to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, PS Kharkongor, Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) invited them to speak at the meeting. look at their problems.
The recipients of the State Level Award include Elotis Sohtun from AWC, Mawsynram ICDS Project and Meral Siangshai from Nongrah, Umsning.
Those who attended the meeting expressed their gratitude that although we still lack many of the necessary skills to train ourselves in this kind of kickboxing, but the opportunity to take part in this sport U hame Shaniah Suiam ban For the sake of India as a whole, it is an inspiration to others who have the opportunity if we consider ourselves to be trained as athletes in the development skills that are unique to nature.
These views of these political parties are unfounded and cannot protect people and the environment from the poisons and serious diseases or injuries caused by uranium mining.
Sheen Stevenson Sohktung (SLFC) scored the first goal of the match in the 15th minute.
He said that the State Government has taken a firm decision to hold the XXXIX (39) National Games 2022, which has been successful as a way to develop the youth of the state. The meeting of the Meghalaya National Games Organizing Committee headed by the Chief Minister, along with Ministers, Heads of Government Departments and MSOA leaders, was one of the activities that took place. chess, and they have taken the initiative to follow up on this issue according to the timeline.
The Committee will prepare its recommendations in accordance with the directions of the Monitoring Committee under the rules issued on 23-7-2019 and the Committee will recommend to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government. how to do so and other recommendations the committee may make.
There are three bridges on the same tree.
The prevalence of tobacco use demands the development of policies that are specific to India and should be scientifically based that will help many people who are poor in and who use tobacco, and at the same time legislators in India face many challenges to come up with practical measures on how to reduce tobacco use.
On the other hand, the RBYF Eastern wishes a Happy New Year to all the residents of Ribhoi. .
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong today issued a request to the pedestrians of Umiam Dam to take care of the maintenance of the Umiam Dam. the bridge is still going on.
More than 300 people, from children to the elderly, have benefited from the distribution of medicines in the villages of India.
At the same time, he said that although the VDPs have been empowered to assist in the fight against crime within the villages and can arrest the perpetrators, said Bah Swer. He urged the VDP members not to take the law into their own hands.
The ceremony began with the taking of the oath.
It also aims to pave the way for an understanding of the region’s identity.
Sonowal was accompanied by members of the IIM Shillong Board of Governors, Atul Kulkarni, Bijon Dey Saiwan, Director DP Goyal, teachers and students of the institute.
He said that political parties should refrain from criticizing or using rude words or affecting the personal lives of the people.
The Chief Executive Member of GHADC, Denang T Sangma, said that he has decided to take up the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee. They went outside and at this time there was a commotion inside the House.
In this order, the DC did not say anything regarding the electricity posts around Shillong which have burnt down.
The ceremony will be conducted by Rev Archbishop Dominic Jala.
This has caused problems that the equipment to be used during childbirth cannot be used properly. This has affected the health of the mothers and the unborn children in many ways. Most of the doctors have to use only torch lights when there is no light.
The Seng strongly condemns that perhaps this action of this office has something behind it just for the benefit of a few people.
The Prime Minister expressed the government's efforts to promote employment opportunities for the youth.
“Now we are ready.
“As teachers, we too have the right to vote, the right to contest elections and to hold office in political parties. They have won the elections and have contributed greatly to the development of the state,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Maligaon, Nailur 26: The Railway Protection Force of the Northeast Frontier Railway on Tuesday received a tip that some people were carrying Dkars which were considered as endangered animals smuggled inside train no. Silchar – Sealdah, Kanchenjunga Express.
He urged the youth to continue to work hard in their studies without forgetting the manners.
About 878 mobile towers will be installed for this purpose and 11 towers will be located along the highways passing through the state.
It will be a sign of AmritKaal, which will witness a great time when India will take its rightful place.
Maligaon, Jymmang 16: Due to heavy rainfall, a landslide has damaged parts of the Lumding-Badarpur railway line on Tuesday.
There are 67 cases in the hospital, 39 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 16 cases from West Garo Hills and 5 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
They also criticized the KHADC for not looking after its own boundary and it is surprising that as the guardian of the land, it has not done anything. This area of ​​Mawtamur is under the jurisdiction of the District. The District Council does not believe that there is anything that the KHADC does not want to do.
Prof Pinakeswar Mahanta, Director, NIT Meghalaya was the chief guest and Atul Nikam, Director, Nehru Yuva Kendra, Shillong was the Chief Guest.
On the other hand, the KHADC will not be able to take a decision because there have been meetings to issue or reject the NoC regarding the road. region and civil society organizations to take decisions.
Until now, we have not found any shortage of ARVs in the state. There is no shortage of ARVs for up to 2 months in all the ART Centres.
March 2018 and this will last till 31.03.2020 and the amount that the Central Government has to spend for this is T.10,649.41 crore.
Das was rushed to Woodland Hospital for treatment.
Most of those who came to take part in the march today to protest against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh were from the market and some were from the surrounding villages.
We need to apply this same spirit now to nation building.
Dr. M Ravi Chandran, Secretary, Department of Earth Sciences and other officials attended the meeting.
In his speech, Bah Michel Syiem, President of MSM, said that the people want a clean law to protect against corruption like in other states, but as it is now, this government does not want to do so. to this demand of the people.
Answering a question regarding the products that can be exported to India, he said that until now only slasha can be exported to India, but others are still exported. state bar.
“Ka seng strongly condemns the government led by Mukul Sangma for failing to protect the Khasi Pnar people of Block 1 who have been harassed, attacked in their villages and extorted money from the police. Assam and the rich.
The winners from the States and Union Territories will be sent to the draw in the capital of India and the winners will be awarded cash prizes. Competition.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma also expressed his concern over the spread of drugs in Meghalaya and especially in Shillong. of everything.
KHNAM The Convener.
On the same day, a book on the Speakers and Deputy Speakers of the Legislative Assembly entitled The House – Biography of Speakers and Deputy Speakers was also launched. published in the Printing Press of the Assembly.
The President has appointed Bhartruhari Mahtab as Protem Speaker to preside over the House and to swear in the members of the House while the Speaker of the Lok Sabha is not appointed.
The promotion of sports in schools and the support of the School Games Federation of India (SGFI) was another topic of discussion.
East Khasi Hills, 6-Sohryngkham Pyniaid Sing Syiem HSPDP, 7813.7-Mawkynrew Banteidor Lyngdoh INC, 7363.8-Nongkrem Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit HSPDP, SPDP, 6404.11-Shella Teinwell Dkhar UDP, 3910.12-Mawsynram Pynshngianglang Syiem INC, 9476.13-Sohra Donevan Wanlang INC, 7446.14- Mylliem Teilinia S Thangkhiew HSPDP, 9572.15-Laban-Mawprem7. HNAM, 6639.17-Laitumkhrah Malki, Neil Antonio War INC, 4348.18-Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, James Ban Basaiawmoit, 5916.19-Jaiaw, Adelbert Nongrum KHNAM, 7485.20-Mawlai, Process T Sawkmie KHNAM, 12615.21-Dimphrang-2-Mawphlang –No. Sohiong, HDR Lyngdoh INC, 9409.
During the meeting with the two heads of the PHC, they had a thorough discussion regarding the shortcomings of the PHC and also to discuss how to improve it.
Shillong, July 05: The Shillong Press Club today strongly condemned the GNLA for killing one of the prominent journalists from Garo Hills, Alva Sangma, editor of the Achik Songbad newspaper.
Pauline Warjri, who was the organizer, said that this evening will also be an opportunity to open to the talented people of Shillong in the fields of song, dance and poetry.
He said that since he won the election, he has not received the MDC scheme worth T.1.90 crore.
The residents of the border villages of Khasi-Jaintia including Umlaper, Ummat, Jatalong in Block-II who are currently in fear of the attack by the Assam authorities due to the neglect of the state government. they shall live in peace in their homes and shall be free from violence in their homes.
Section 3 of this Act defines the general powers of the Central Government.
Ampati, Jymmang 17: A meeting was held today between the office of the District Election Officer, DRDA, the Department of Health and Social Welfare of South West Garo Hills District at Hema Nayak. ADC MLK Marak AC election CRN Marak to use the small seats purchased by the office of the CEO of Meghalaya for the MP election
The union urged the people to buy jhur ki jhep at a reasonable price as agreed with the Tura Municipal authorities and the union.
The Deputy Commissioner of Shillong, Jowai, Nongpoh, Nongstoin, Williamnagar and Resubelpara has been informed of the incident.
Seeing the fire extinguisher, the shopkeepers pulled out the fire extinguisher and extinguished the fire. the water is like a thinner used in dyeing.
All officers and employees of DoNER and its teams and PSUs through NEC, NEDFi, NEHHDC, NERAMAC, CBTC and NERCOMP have donated one day's salary to the PM-CARES fund.
The Central Government should provide vehicles for the transportation of the day labourers.
PN Syiem, who won the MLA election from Mawsynram Constituency for the first time in 2008 and won again from the same constituency in 2013 from the Congress party, has now resigned as MLA. From today, Mawsynram Constituency will have no more MLAs until the end of the MLA elections in June
The ceremony was led by the President of the party, Samla Marbiang Khongwir and the Vice President of the party, Samla Donboklang Pohrmen.
This house belongs to Mr. Kitbok Sympli.
“The constant collapse of the well once a day will cause a tragic incident to the precious souls living in the village.
The justification for demonetisation is on the grounds that almost all the money in this country is deposited in banks.
In a statement sent today, the HNLC said that those who wish to join the Art of Living can join as it is an organization that does not have any rights. There is no difference between religion and religion.
It is located in West Jaintia Hills, 55 km from the district capital Jowai and about 84 km from Shillong.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the SSA school building has been located in the village and this is only part of the construction of the school building for the students in the village. it is not building new.
Therefore, this government has decided to focus on a special task and that is how to ensure the availability of water in every household.
Monu said that they are deeply saddened that those people who have been named in the ejahar are still threatening them, but the police of Ri Bhoi District have not done anything against them. those people, the people named in the complaint still threaten him.
“As president of the party from tomorrow morning he will leave for Nongpoh and within two months he will visit all 60 constituencies, but I will not allow anyone to say that he or she is my friend, but I will stand for the good of the party, I promise you all that I will not insult anyone, we should not shrut everyone there is a place for everyone,” said Bah Pala.
In the women's category, the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) came first and the Shillong Dojo Karate-Do Association (SDKA) came second.
University of Uttar Pradesh, Kosi Kalan, Mathura, Uttar Pradesh.20.
The residents of the parking lot said that many times they have been threatened by the public because of the lack of access to private vehicles, but they have been sent to stand inside the parking lot. There is no electricity and by 4:00 pm it is dark and many people are not happy to park their vehicles.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister informed the members of HANM that the Government is very concerned about this issue and promised that within six months the government will be able to do something. in relation to the law relating to this subject.
Residents near the scene of the blast said that the incident happened at a shop in Jan Mission. The fire brigade also rushed to the scene. to put out the fire that burns.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) of West Jaintia Hills District said that they have not yet received any information regarding the arrest of the policeman. Investigation is underway to find out why he took his own life.
This means that you know everything about the decision you have made.
The government is in talks with the central government to operate the airport through the UDAN scheme and the government is opposed to all attempts to implement the airport.
After the members of NGEA had put up the posters, the police inside GHADC had put up the posters after the employees of GHADC under the NGEA team had put up the posters in front of the office.
“Besides, the robbers are also involved with others by using the names of Central Government agencies like Customs, CBI, NCB, and others to inform the illegal people that they are “The money should be returned to the account claiming that it is for RBI Clearance,” said the SP (City).
The theme of the science conference is “Understanding Ecosystem for Health and Wellbeing”. District.
Three people have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The residents have also complained about the suspension and demanded that the PWD department should immediately complete the road within 1 month and if the PWD does not listen to this demand, the village authorities will they cannot go another way, he added.
Shillong Lajong will face Green Town Yuhua Taohuayuan of China on Saturday morning at 5.30 pm Indian time.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: A fire broke out at the Army Vehicle Manufacturing Station in 101 Area in Upper Shillong at 3.30 pm today. he died there.
Welbirth Rani said that the civil society groups want to explain to the people and the government that their mission is to demand from the government to prevent this illegal influx of people. (SP News) ILP is not allowed in the country.
Digital assets have also led to the removal of barriers and order to access to broader markets.
The SP News Agency, which received the letter, published it as it is and the letter of explanation reads as follows.
Shillong, July 11: U Ankur Das, who has just passed the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) examination conducted by the UPSC 2021, has expressed his gratitude to the people of the state who have congratulated him on his passing. He said that he is pleased with this expression of love to the people.
The Government is ready to invest heavily in the development of athletes through the Elite and Super Elite Pathway Program to identify talented athletes in any sport and also to provide full training to they.
Speaking to reporters, he said that as the Chief Minister of the state who leads the coalition government which includes seven parties and independent MLAs, he has to take responsibility for whatever happens. .
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South today visited the landslide site at Lower Lumparing, Parmaw, Dhobi Ghat.
The educated youth can improve the traditional farming methods by using the knowledge they have gained from the schools and universities they are studying, said Mohrmen.
The union will not be able to resume their strike by resuming an indefinite strike from the 23rd of this month.
Furthermore, for the farmers who work on small scale, it has helped them to meet their farm needs and also their daily needs, education, health and other expenses.
The date has been fixed for the 26th of this month.
This required discussions in all 54 Himas, Elaka in Ri Khasi and 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills.
It may be recalled that the demand for the upgradation of Mariang Civil Sub Division to a district has been going on for a long time and this demand started since the time of former MLA Bah Kitdor Syiem.
, followed by the first technical session, where Prof. (Dr.) Abhichal Chattopadhya, gave a lecture on the benefits of Ayurveda.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Special Review Committee (SRC) set up by the State Government to consider the bill introduced by the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule has met for the first time today under the chairmanship of the Special Review Committee (SRC). The Minister in charge of the District Council, James K Sangma.
This has resulted in India not being able to start vaccination programs while other countries complete vaccination activities immediately.
This is until the 02nd of this month.
However, according to the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act 2015, the state government has clearly stated how to protect children. to the little children.
It may be recalled that members from Meghalaya left for Assam on Tuesday to meet with the authorities of Kamrup District and today they went to the ground to see and hear what happened. The people have a say in the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam.
The hard work of Smit PHC is reflected in the number of OPDs of 29,358 in 2015-16, and 30,184 in 2016-1 ) who gave birth at Smit PHC, however, they said that the number of births at home within the boundary of Smit PHC is still 153 (2015-16); bad 157(2016-17);  When inquired about this, the Drs said that many of them come from outside Smit Village to give birth at Smit PHC and they found that there are still many villagers in Smit who give birth at home.
Mawiong village as a whole is a place where the people are facing water problems, many of the households have to buy water because there is not enough drinking water throughout the year.
Those who gave speeches included A.K.Sahu, Sr.
At this meeting, the CLP also said that under the present government, many of the corporations of the government employees do not receive their salaries, such as MeECL, Shillong Municipal Board and MCCL employees. come out to the field to move now.
Other candidates will be announced soon.
It is one of the ideal golf resorts in the northeast with all the services depending on the skill level of the players.
As parents, we are very grateful that the SSA has helped us a lot especially in the rural areas by opening the door for us to send our children to school. The hard work and dedication of the teachers in SSA schools to provide a quality education to our children even at a low salary compared to other teachers in the state.
The BSF has stepped up its efforts to ensure that there will be no smuggling at the border.
Tura, November 10: Police teams from East and South Garo Hills today jointly raided a GNLA camp on Durama Hill near Adugre village.
Shillong, Lber 11: India's presidency of the G20 comes at a crucial and open time.
India became a member of the WCO on
After the special committee's consideration, the bill has been sent back to the KHADC for approval.
