In an attempt to issue a notice that vehicles are allowed to enter and leave this road, the police have urged vehicles from Ri Bhoi District who intend to travel to Pynthorumkhrah, Golflink, Mawlai Umshing. they can walk on this road to avoid the traffic jam.
It is said that the Preamble is the most important part of our Constitution.
As Chairman, Bah Tiewsoh explained that this two-day festival is to showcase to the world the uniqueness of the Khasi Garo and Jaintia people. In these two days, the best singers will be awarded prizes.
This is the figure received till the night of the 4th of this month.
Guwahati, Naitung 06: Whether it was a mistake or an act, Dr Safiqul Islam has circumcised a child in Nagaon District, Assam. He was admitted to AJ Hospital, Marikalong.
He said that Dr. Andreas will retire in a few years and therefore there was a conversation with him to turn to politics but sadly he passed away suddenly.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the bridge at Shella, known as the Umiam River, has been included in the scheme funded by the state government through the World Bank. and having received this money, they shall begin to work on this bridge.
He said that although the SDO of Pynursla Civil Subdivision has called a meeting with the groups, it has not come to fruition.
On this occasion, they will also submit a petition demanding that the students of this area should be protected.
The Chief Minister agreed to discuss the establishment of a Commission or a special discussion on this issue which affects the border of Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the Commission also met with several people who have received the assistance.
There are many cities in the world and in India especially Delhi and others where people have difficulty breathing due to the pollution.
Cr.
The KSU has also found that many banks have not given holidays only because the Negotiable Instruments Act of Holidays for Banks has not included the Shad Suk Mynsiem and Pomblang Nongkrem which includes all the employees. banks and the public in trouble.
Therefore, it urges MeECL to complete the 33 KV power line as soon as possible, so that the people of the area can get electricity.
In his speech, the Governor mentioned the names of BB Lyngdoh, Edwin Bareh, Captain WA Sangma, HS Lyngdoh, Professor GB Swell, Stanley Nichols Roy, H Hynniewta, Wilson Reade, Professor RS Lyngdoh and other leaders who have been involved in the establishment of a full state.
Therefore, in this regard, due to the large number of Kur Dkhars in East Jaintia Hills District, the Seng requests the students and youth of the Kur Dkhars in East Jaintia Hills District, reach the goal of all these kinds of victories mentioned above.
In this regard, the Ministry of Tourism has already posted the bill on the website of the Ministry for the public to comment on the Bill. The 30 days have passed, according to the latest news.
U Bah Titus, in his advice to the students, said that as students, you should have manners and respect for the teachers, parents as well as those who have raised you. Because morality is the most important thing in our society and we value it.
The KSU led by its General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah has submitted a petition to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) Nalin Mehta to express its concern over the appointment of posts Group-B and Group. -C.In the letter, the Union said that it has found that many of the applicants who are nationals of Meghalaya who have applied for the posts in Group B and C have been ordered to write examination. Centers located outside the state.
Regarding the treatment of those who came for treatment at their 10 hospitals, 77 dispensaries and 42 mobile dispensaries and 910 times they have conducted free treatment to all the people who have received treatment. 61.42 lakh people have spent T.191.48 crore in this regard.
In another news, KSU Bamkamar Unit on 9th July 2020 visited the quarantined persons in the village under the leadership of some of the leaders of the Unit such as Elmiki Lynshiang President Francis Suting Genera Secretary, Rablin Rynjah Publicity Secretary, Tiewmon Suting Education Secretary in the presence of all the members of the Unit. government has taken to keep away from each other.
They also urged the government to increase the recruitment year in the Police Department as much as possible as this will be a loss to the youth who have been preparing for many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Answering a question by Bah Nujorki Sungoh, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that at present there is no plan to set up a Medical College in Jaintia Hills. .
The decision to set up its own Recruitment Board for Education and Health is to expedite the recruitment process and fill the vacancies more quickly.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) Western Region has strongly opposed the government's plan to set up camps for the ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Lber 19: BSF troops of the 193rd Battalion have donated food items to four villages, Purnanagar, Betgora, Khaikona and Badrup in East Khasi Hills District, through the Civic Action Programme.
Speaking at a meeting in Laitlyngkot, Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU, urged the farmers to hold meetings and take their issues to the government authorities in their respective areas. The duty of the party is to intervene if the government authorities do not listen.
These robbers offer jhur buyers at low prices and take jhur traders and drivers to ISBT and Umiam areas to drop off jhur by offering jhur at low prices. The price is low, when the buyers of jhur are satisfied, they take the power and send money through Google Pay.
He said this after being asked by a reporter whether he will follow in the footsteps of Martin M Danggo if he gets the Civil Sub Division. “In my opinion, the political career of MM Danggo or the future of Danggo in politics is over.
Bah Wantei President of HPSO, who was present to accompany the youths, said that when the 108 vehicle arrived to take the patient to the hospital, it was found that he had already died. You are Mr. Teibor Lyngdoh.
You can be sentenced to death for watching American movies or distributing pornography.
The Chairman of the Seng Kmie Youth Union, Bah Vanshan Buhphang, in the presence of the members of the Seng Kmie, as well as several elders who are also former members of the Seng Kmie, confirmed the office bearers. have worked tirelessly of the Union in the past years, and the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong.
One of the important tasks for me should be to alleviate the problems they face.
“The meeting I will convene now will be with the Doloi, Rangbah Shnong and land owners. I will convene this meeting to get clarification from the land owners regarding this ksainar shiah, because “If others come out, we can't understand,” said the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
Police are preparing a report as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department has directed the Police to investigate the incident and request a report to find out the cause,” he said. Dr. Ampareen's wife.
To explain more about the dangers of Niangkulia and how to avoid it, a concert was held at this venue.
Since the day of independence until now, what has the Government of India done to protect, promote the language, culture and protect the people of India? the whole East, there is nothing that has not been done.
The order was issued as part of ensuring that the cutting and packing of meat by the farmers and the husbandry of the animals by the people who hunt them, including the transportation of animals, have been properly maintained. how to keep animals from being hunted or eaten.
Shillong, March 13: U Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai, on Tuesday said that 575 people from Huhuapara village who were evicted by the Assam police for the construction of the MNREGS road have not been released for six months. They were afraid of the Assam police.
The office of the District Transport Officer (DTO), West Jaintia Hills has been destroyed by a fire at about 4 pm on Tuesday.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: The Union Minister of Finance and Finance today presented the budget for the year 2022-2023. The North East is T.1500 crore.
Shillong, July 20: Shillong Police have arrested Bah Lurshai Kharbuli and Bah Rikmen Kharpran for allegedly shooting and throwing Donalisa Kharpran from a taxi at Laitkor.
COMSO has requested that they inform the Union Home Minister and the Prime Minister that the State urgently needs the ILP and the Government of India should respect that desire to protect the rights of the people. especially the Trai Ri owner of the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23:On the 23rd of November every year, the Seng Kut Snem Day is celebrated by the members of the Seng Khasi people who still hold on to their traditional religion. It is to pray to the Creator to protect the Khasi people.
The inability of the BJP government to introduce the Bill in the State is a victory for the people of the North East. This Bill is the public's responsibility.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of seven road projects in Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
On the other hand, the HNLC would like to clarify that the HNLC's visit to the peace talks with the government is not a threat but a desire to reach an understanding and resolve the political issues of the Hynniewtrep people. .
On this occasion, the distribution of fish farms to the farmers of the district who fall under the Khasi Hills is a continuation of the “Apiculture-1” programme. was launched in 2014.
Those who attended the training were MN Nampui, Secretary, Agriculture, Bah R Langstieh, Director, R&T, Bah BK Sohliya, Director, MIE and Ms. S. Mihsill, Director, MAMETI. KN Kumar was the chief guest.
It is to be recalled that Bah Tamdorlang Risaw had contested the MDC election in the years when he had tried against Bah PN Syiem but he was defeated. The purpose of the meeting was to ensure that the party candidate Bah Oland Suin will reach the goal of victory.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Prof David Reid Syiemlieh, the researcher of the true death date of Syiem Tirot Singh of Nongkhlaw Hima, today addressed the students of Lady Keane College who are taking the subject History. “There is still a need to investigate more about Syiem Tirot Singh's dealings with the French,” he said.
According to the arrest of drug traffickers, more and more drug traffickers are now bringing drugs to Shillong from Guwahati.
Shillong, Warjri 23: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to include all the languages ​​in one central language.
We have already mentioned that in the past many years, many jobs have been filled by some communities, some have been filled by other communities on behalf of others.
: The KHNAM has expressed its surprise that not a single Khasi and Garo citizen has been included in the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy.
When this government has been in power for five years, it cannot be increased.
Trust in the federal government is high.
Thousands of people especially school children have taken part in the march to express their condolences on this tragic incident.
It may be recalled that the construction of the bridge in this river has started in the past years but the pillars of this bridge have been submerged in the water and the state government has abandoned this bridge. bridge without continuing the work.
After the fighting, they made peace and both sides returned to their homes.
The BJP Minister from Meghalaya said that the party wants to see Meghalaya develop in all aspects of development. you can get the book.
Speaking at the welcome ceremony for Bah Allan, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma said that the government has allocated to strengthen the tourism industry in the Sohra area and it has reached its peak. one thousand crores.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Director of Environment and Cultural Protection Cell signed by Samla Reallystar Nongspung and Secretary Samla Forwardman Nongrem. Arts and Culture of the State Government and also to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to demand the removal of the statue of Mithun Chakraborty and other statues which have nothing to do with the customs and traditions. The Shillong Street Art Festival has been designed by the organizers of the Shillong Street Art Festival.
Bah Hahshah said that if the youth of this state get the opportunity to be trained in the right way they will not lack anything from others.
Following the condolences of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in which he said that the government will strive to provide assistance to the families of the victims, the BDO of Mawthadraishan today completed the inspection and the report will be sent to the Political Department.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya hopes that the Prime Minister of the country will accept this demand.
Dr Mukul's desire to mine coal by the MMDC will affect the income of the people in Jaintia Hills.
In this District Task Force Committee, the Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Special Police Department shall be the convener of this committee.
On the other hand, the DC said that she has sent these laws as an information to various villages especially in the border area but the reason is that later she had to translate these laws into Khasi at the request of the village authorities. .
Speaking to reporters, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the attack. What do these four men have to say against you ? We know that misunderstandings, shootings and so on can lead to misunderstandings, shootings and so on, but Bah Damas Nongkhlaw is a man who doesn't know how to speak and doesn't understand like that. Disability Certificate issued by the District Medical Board which confirms that even if other teams come, he doesn't hear at all. He said that the union demands that these blood donors should pay all the expenses including the medical bills for the treatment of the elderly man at Nazareth Hospital and Bansara Eye Care Centre.
Speaking as the chief guest at the launch, Andrew Joel Sohlamar, Organizing Secretary of the Bangladesh Indigenous People's Forum (BIPK) and eldest son of Wickliffe Syiem, said, “This book is a book. It consists of four parts, including Religion, Nationalism, Tribe and Patriotism.
Shillong, Lber 07:The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the Presbyterian Church for the establishment of the Larsing Khongwir Presbyterian LP School in Rani Jirang, Ri Bhutan. Bhoi District which is the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
According to the latest reports, the robbers who were in the remote area opened fire on the vehicle and in this incident two people were injured and taken to a hospital in Dawki. CHC. According to the media, these two persons, despite their injuries, fled into the forest to escape from the robbers. They went to CHC Dawki for treatment.
He said that the robbers came with petrol bottles and pla byrni which they also tried to destroy and damage the property of the company. Police have registered a case in this regard and the investigation is ongoing. go ahead and catch those involved.
Regarding the allegation by Bah RV Lyngdoh that he is a BJP member, the BJP demanded that the Meghalaya Minister should produce evidence to prove it.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Bah Roy Kupar Synrem today met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS to discuss the issues related to the development of NEIGRIHMS. regarding the recruitment of youth at this hospital especially in the recruitment of Nursing and other posts.
The shops in Iew Mawlong have been covered with signs on the doors from the Iew Mawlong parking lot to the tympew market in Iewduh and from Tympew market to Stand Jeep.
According to the police, a 12 wheeler truck (NL-01-AA-5835) collided with a Sumo (ML-11-5377) at Mawpun village. Kingson Saleh is 30 years old.
Prestone urged that if the TUR leadership wants to provide better services to the people, it should come forward to contest the elections in 2023. listen to fake news.
I think this is a good way to celebrate Indian identity.
Umdohlun, June 11: The residents of three villages, Umdohlun, Wahkajii and Mawthabah have been affected by the natural disaster on the night of the 10th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong has conducted a training for the public in Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng village. in West Khasi Hills District.
The BSF band has already conducted such concerts across the state especially in the border villages of Meghalaya by conducting border concerts.
The PDF has appointed Dr OS Jyrwa as President and MP Muktieh as Working President.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, who left for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister, said that he had informed the Prime Minister about various development works and programs of the Government.
He said that SURE has proposed to start a training at Moosakhia where Kelvin Suting, a blind Master Craftsman, will train the blind trainees. the government has not yet accepted that proposal.
He will also inaugurate the Integrated Beekeeping Development Center in Meghalaya to improve the income generation opportunities of the farmers through skills development and technology development.
In this case, the Chairman of KHADC cast his vote and when his vote was counted, it went to the opposition and this resulted in the opposition getting 15 votes and the vote was counted. The ruling party received 14 votes, while the Chairman of the EC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, lost, the Chairman announced in the House.
The attempt by the police to arrest and summon the party leaders and the public in connection with this incident is an attempt to intimidate and confuse many.
On the other hand, the JHADC said that this should be done by the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has informed the public to allow the residents of Shillong to pay for their household items.
Shillong, March 17: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit individuals or groups from throwing shyiap within 100 meters of the bridge in the Umsning River. .
The list of winners can be found on the IFFI website.These 75 participants were selected from 600 nominations and the selection was based on their expertise in the fields related to production programs such as – Direction, Scriptwriting, Cinematography, Acting, Editing, Playback Singing, Music Composition, Costume-and-Makeup, Art Design, and Animation, Visual Effects (VFX), Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR ).
The Chairman of the Planning Board said that the discussions were in three areas, roads, schools and health.
Others who attended the function included Bah Equator Nongrang, MDC Mairang Constituency as the Chief Guest, Principal of the College Boldness L Nongum, members of the Board of Directors of the College, students. and others.
We should not rely solely on the government because we see that our government is weak and limited.
At the opening ceremony of the training center in Nongpoh, East Garo Hills, the government will strive to set up 600 jobs in the state. There is no health care in this state even in the midst of many shortages.
Speaking as the chief guest, DT Syngai, ADC of West Jaintia Hills District, said that the government has done many things to improve the lives of those with disabilities. there is much more to be done.
Prestone said Martin resigned as MLA for the benefit of the people and not for himself. It is not easy for an MLA to resign, but Martin resigned without he thought not for himself, but for the good of the people.
He said that if the Congress comes back to power, these same people who have criticized will come to stand in line to join the Congress.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Mawrie said, “As a party, we stand firmly to demand ILP. The government also has two MLAs who have not been appointed as ministers.
George said the party has been talking about this since the first day and so far there is no sign of sending an inquiry to the CBI. This will not happen because the Meghalaya government has surrendered to the BJP government. in the state of Assam.
The sugar was seized from two places, one from a house on the border and one from a truck. Four Indians were also arrested during the seizure.
To select the beneficiaries of this scheme, it will not be separate for those castes who are minorities and tribals. The selection of the beneficiaries will be based on the Socio Economic Cast Census, The inspection was conducted by the Rural Development Department of the Central and State Governments.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that 40 people who have already tested negative twice have tested negative and the first test of one of them is negative. time and hopefully it will be Negative the second time too.
Furthermore, what is more surprising is the presence of tax collectors from the parking fee to the import and export of goods inside the market.
Two soap boxes containing 21.05 grams of heroin, eight syringes and one injection needle were recovered from their bodies, police said.
Commending the High Court for doing a lot of work to prevent natural disasters in the state, Kong Mukhim said that the permitting system in the state should be strengthened to implement projects.
The Secretary of the Hima Sohra said that the matter has reached the High Court. The foreigners in the border area have sought permission from the SDO and the SDO has sent them to the DC and from the DC to the Hima. They came to the Hima, appealed to the court and the court gave a decision to confirm the authority of the Hima.
At this meeting, the village authorities of Pynthorumkhrah said that the village authorities have no right to ban tourists but after this incident, the village has taken action. The decision was taken not to allow people to enter Golflink after 5.30 pm.
As a group under the banner of COMSO, they have agreed and have been firm and have chosen the State Central Library to hold this protest so that it will not affect the traffic of the people. If it is too long, the central government will not believe.
Aadhaar-based e-KYC, Aadhaar-based e-KYC has been reintroduced for new mobile connections.
The Prime Minister did not give a reason why he said this but said that within the Congress party there are many leaders whom the party has who can speak and campaign for the election.
The total number of recoveries today is 131, East Khasi Hills 86, South West Garo Hills 11, South West Khasi Hills 11, Ri Bhoi 7, North Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 1 The total number of recoveries is
Report from the Leningrad Tariang Youth.
Bon Dkhar from Pasyih village and Amanda Talang from Pammarik village.
To raise awareness among the people regarding employment, the party has taken the example of the tree bridge, to get the tree bridge takes time but with perseverance it reaches the goal and to reach the goal there is you have worked hard.
Speaking on the occasion, TC Marak, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Government of Meghalaya, said that such tree planting meetings should be held on a large scale to ensure clean air.
Now, they hope that the Indian government will implement their small request.
He said that the cultivation of soh, tourism, food production, the use of siej and construction in the North East will be promoted through the four Mission Mode projects over time.
Speaking on the issue of voter information, the CEC said that the SVEEP should reach the rural areas and should look into the polling stations with low turnout so that it can be improved. to this.
On the other hand, PWD SDO Bah Y Lyttan was not present.
It was found that the infrastructure, agriculture, fisheries, tourism, food, education, employment, health and the program “Made in North Eastern” Region" are important parts of regional development.
Sh Sudesh Kumar, IPS said that the distribution of these power tillers is to help the farmers to increase their income.
The schemes to come through the North Eastern Council to the North Eastern States including Sikkim are T.869.90 crore. The NLCPR is T.1225.75 crore for the 2020-2021 fiscal year while for the 2019-2020 fiscal year it is T.1135.34 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, District and Session Judge of Ri Bhoi District N Khan said that this scheme will reach the villages to make people aware that this scheme will be successful in protecting children. women in this district.
They were both workers in the quarry.
On this occasion, the EM in charge of Land, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, said that the purpose of the amendment is to ensure that there are some Hima villages who delay without any reason. it has to intervene so this change had to be brought about.
Helen Giri is the recipient of the Padma Shri for her contribution to the culture and tradition of Meghalaya in
The meeting was convened by the DEO of East Khasi Hills District following a letter sent by the General Secretary of the VPP party to the CEO of Meghalaya to recall the vote within -Mylliem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Community Hall of Wahmawlein Village in Mawkynrew Constituency has been inaugurated at a function held at the Community Hall of Wahmawlein Village. which was witnessed by the parents, youth of the village, the residents and other invitees.
“There is nothing on our part that this peace talks should not just end, it should continue and the door is still open," she said.
Expressing the challenges ahead due to the presence of foreign companies which have advanced in the use of technology, Uriah said, “We need the support of the people to We will be able to succeed in this field because many foreign companies have improved in the use of technology and have improved their services over the years.
This will be done once a day.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PN Syiem said that there is a need for an understanding in the budget of the Law Adong and to take action on its maintenance. province.
Steps will also be taken to improve the benefits of women from various government schemes and the implementation of these schemes will be monitored from time to time.
The people of Garo Hills have protested against the election of Rakesh A Sangma as CEM of KHADC because the people of Garo Hills have alleged that the MDC should not have the post of CEM. theirs is to demand that he should step down.
The meeting also unanimously took three resolutions including the proper implementation of the schemes distributed, to assess the situation and to work hard for the MDC in the MLA elections. Other speakers on the occasion include Bah Kolin Rongtong, former Sordar of Nongjrong, Bah Tyngkai S Mynsong, Sordar of Raid Rngi, Bah Andra Rynjah, Sordar of Laitkyrhong, Bah Traibor Nongkhlaw, Sordar of Thangsning. Seibor Warbah, Secretary, Union of Village Authorities, Daniel Suting of Jatah Lakadong and others.
A task force of Government Departments for Agriculture has been set up, eight ropeways have been taken under the National Ropeway Development Programme, and funding for DoNER has increased by 153 per cent.
He said that if he wins the 2018 election, he will not put the issue of MUDA in front of the public. that they may judge.
Shillong, July 20: Three persons were injured in a road accident in Shillong today and the injured were taken to hospital by 108 ambulances.
Speaking on the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), Bah Metbah said the purpose of this mission is to improve the income of the people living in the rural areas. to participate regularly in programs under this mission for the improvement of their income.
Speaking on the scheme, the Minister said that the implementation of PMAY-G – the housing scheme for all – has fulfilled the aspirations of the poor to have their own houses.
As a priest he has worked in many parishes, he said as the supervisor of the students of the Upper Shillong Seminary in 1994-1995;    he was in Persia 1995-2000; He was in Ummulong Parish from 2000-2002 and served as Parish Priest from 2002 to
For more information, please contact the Principal of the school or call the following numbers: (03663) 287076/287118/2
There have been two recoveries from East Garo Hills and one from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 83,2
Identification and monitoring of risk areas that may affect the electoral process; steps to address inter-communal tensions as seen in the past, and monitoring to curb illegal activities from the border areas.
He also spoke about the cleanliness of the water in the Dawki River, which is clear and can be seen through 15 to 20 feet below.
The 50th Anniversary of the NEC will be celebrated in two parts, a public meeting will be held at Polo and a meeting of NEC officers will be held at the State Convention Center Auditorium. Narendra Modi is the only country in India.
Many of the elders were also present to witness the ceremony.
The Cabinet today approved the request of Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Limited that the government should be responsible for the bank to withdraw T.30 crore from NABARD. to the farmers of the state.
Furthermore, through the Seng, he called upon the villages of this area to give their right hand and left hand and assured that the Seng will not hesitate if these border villages need the cooperation of the Seng.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the APWs, the Chief Minister said that they have come to Meghalaya to submit the petition for only one ILP in the North East. India and the second is in terms of land purchase.
Shillong, November 13: Members of the KSU Delhi unit took part in a protest against the CAB at Jantar Mantar in Delhi today.
Our gain of freedom is due to the hardships these heroes have faced and also to their sacrifices.
Anu Nagar, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, Principal Health Secretary, Meghalaya and other senior officials from the Central and State Governments attended the two-day workshop. jointly organized by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India; Indian Institute of Public Health, Shillong and the Indian Council of Medical Research – Regional Medical Research Centre, Dibrugarh.
The action of the Police and the description by the Police that they are members of the party amounts to slander against the name of the party," he remarked.
Regarding these incidents, NEHUSU will meet with the Vice Chancellor of the university to resolve this issue so that such mistakes will not happen again.
The polling for absentee voters in East Garo Hills will be held on the 12th and 13th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Meghalaya Sports Department has not seen the deterioration of the road leading to the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium for almost a year now. the road is good.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have seized cattle almost every day. The BSF troops are also in trouble how to curb such illegal trafficking.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank (MSB) has approved the launch of its internet banking facilities. to carry out its operations in all areas where there are block development offices in the villages.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the students are the future of the society and therefore they should He urged all those who witnessed this to work together with students from other parts of the world in the use of technology in their daily education. a program for them to embrace the positive things that technological power brings to society.
When asked, he said the Association will hold a meeting before taking a decision on the permission of the Commissioner of Food Safety to sell only fish imported from Assam.
He said that in compliance with this directive, the CRCS-Sahara Refund campaign has been launched on 18th November,
During the meeting, it was agreed that the situation should be monitored and measures should be taken as necessary.
He said that the Commission should take strong action against these policemen who have used force against them and the chairperson said that he will take action against them.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 1323 in West Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to
This means that the difference is up to T.6.23 naïa for diesel.
The MP seat from 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency was won from the house of Purno A Sangma. Agatha and her husband won and after the death of their father, Conrad K Sangma won the seat and stepped down to take over the post of Chief Minister.
Born in 1928, Sister Julia joined the Sisters of Mary Immaculate in 1950 and was one of the first to join the order.
Shillong Eastern Circle beat South West Khasi Hills District Unit 1-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Members of the Women's Association came from all the constituencies of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, MJ Akbar today took part in a cleanliness drive at Mawklot village in Upper Shillong under Mylliem C&RD Block.
He also urged the government to resolve the issue as soon as possible and not to remain silent as it is urgently needed to renew the job allocation for the benefit of the students of the state.
He said that the implementation of NEP 2020 is suitable for all to bring about the management of education in the country as a whole.
In 1983, Dr. Kharlukhi was elected to the Lok Sabha as MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and won the election as the candidate of the APHLC. Dr Kharlukhi will be present tomorrow.
"From Vardhaman Mahavir to Samrat Ashok to the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, India has shown from time to time that avoiding bloodshed is the best and most difficult thing to do. opportunity – indeed, this is what we presented.
The government will now send the election to the Governor and once the approval of the Governor, the government will announce the date and days of the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the killing of employees of Williamnagar Prison.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister said that all countries in the world are working to reduce the destruction of the environment, the burning of coal and the use of oil causes an increase in CO2 .
Shillong, June 21: The election for the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GARDC) has been scheduled to be held tomorrow morning. Sadhia Rani M Sangma was appointed.
He said the incident was related to household matters.
Tura, November 30: About 15 educated peace lovers have recently held a meeting to discuss the issue of peace and stability in Garo Hills. already.
She added that MGNREGA has been successful in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 06: Speaking at the awarding ceremony of the All Meghalaya Adhoc Teachers Association (ANA) at St Jerome Hr Sec School, Nongmynsong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said: He said the government will look for ways and means to make Meghalaya the center of education in the country.
“The purpose of the Dorbar Shnong is to strengthen the presence of staff at Mawryngkneng Police Station due to the increasing number of drug traffickers.
“This is even more frightening, this is a tragic incident that has happened in Manipur and as NESO we feel that the Government of India has failed to resolve the issue in Manipur,” he added.
The followers of Pynskhemlang said that Pynskhemlang will not sit idly by but will continue to strike while the government has not been able to do anything on the issues he has put before the state government.
He said that all the allegations are only to defame him.
The Minister directed the officers to look into how to use volunteers in various activities to encourage those who provide health care.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to call the officers on Monday to discuss the issue of implementation of MGNREGS schemes in the state. He is the Chairman of JTS.
Regarding this, the CSWO cannot listen to the women who work hard to earn a living by working hard to earn a living. to file this complaint with the relevant authorities.
The Seng under the leadership of Sport Secretary Eric Nongkynrih has donated to four young leaders through the Shlem School of Martial Arts in Mawlai Iewrynghep.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the government to take action to secure the borders and inside the state to prevent the mynder from entering Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the KHADC urges the government to take action to prevent this from happening again.
Police have seized 6 kilos of Ganja from the suspects.
The seven persons arrested were identified as Shanborlang Khongwir, 32, resident of Mawlai Mawiong; Bringson Kharumlong, 35, of Mawlai Mawtawar, Kitboklang Nongsiej, 29, of Mawlai Umrynjah, Return Dhar, 40, of Mawlai Nongmali-III; Richard Marbaniang, 24, of Mawpat and Richard Marbaniang, 24, of New Nongstoin.
Two men came to rob them on two bikes and took them to a place where they didn't know. They called home to say that these men had asked for Rs 5 lakh. tyngka, but from the way they spoke it was understood that they were in trouble.
: The mut-sma is the market in the head or the market in the mind.
On the education sector, the Chief Minister said that education is essential for all. “We need roads, water and other development projects such as health centres. With adequate educational institutions, we cannot take Meghalaya to higher levels”.
He urged all the political parties, people and leaders of West Khasi Hills to stand against the government's plan to build a camp for the ANVC-B, he added.
She said that Kumar said that he had promised to put forward the issue of day laborers and to take it as a special issue as he understood that the issue was not too serious.
It is time for us to understand and have the ability to plant many seeds or roots of trees if we cut down one tree or the ability to plant as many trees as possible so that it will not affect the environment because we trees have to be cut down in our diverse needs every day.
The KSU has seen the intention of NEEPCO to conduct an examination from its own announcement for the posts of Trainee Engineers (C), Trainee Engineer. (E/M), Trainee Personnel Officer and Trainee Accounts Officer and the examination will be held on the 26th of this month.
“We look at the foundation stones, we look at this Auditorium built by him in 1988, and we remember that it was PA Sangma who built it.
At present, there should be shelters in every household in addition to those built by the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle on Wednesday received a complaint from the Mawkriah East Longkmie Seng regarding the slow work of the BSC Company in the construction of the Two-lane Road from parts of the area. turning into landfill sites even for the houses of the people and especially for the mismanagement of the reputation of the residents in relation to the construction of safe wells, water tanks and The footpaths will be safe for the traffic especially for the school children who have to pass through this highway every day.
In the letter, the Chief Minister reminded that he has already submitted a petition to the Central Government for special assistance for Meghalaya. he reminds us of this request that had been made earlier by Dorcas.
Lapang said that Rajiv Ganadhi was a man of integrity and had no problems with anyone. you don't have to go to Ri.
This was also discussed with the Secretary of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India in Delhi.
On this occasion, Bah Shylla, without naming any ethnic group, said that the threat to the ethnic group is from the cleanliness and this has spread all over the villages. The whole of Meghalaya.
G.Hynniewta also listened to the speech of Bah Banshai Marbaniang in Motphran Shillong, who said, “Voters, take the money and don't hesitate to give anyone the opportunity to stand for election. Whether it is 500, 1000 or 2000 and before electing this leader to become MLA, MDC or MP, please look carefully at those who are intelligent and farsighted for the right to bring about changes in the country. peace and happiness to the people"
What surprised the doctors was that the injected mother pig gave birth to up to 40 piglets and all these piglets were healthy and strong.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the government has set up a committee to look into this because if a district, civil sub division or administration unit is set up, it has to appoint staff and money to pay the workers.
The Union Minister said that at the recent meeting of the North East Council (NEC) chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister not only praised the work done by the Prime Minister. in the past 50 years in the North-East Council.
For the opposition, it was held on the 24th and 26th of this month.
At a time when many people from different countries were stranded in China, India helped not only Indians but also other citizens of other countries.
It is learned that the church was completed in 2008 and the renovation of the church is ongoing and the church is now 15 years old.
Kong Jyrwa demanded that the government should listen to the people and sympathize with them. She said why should she steal so much from the people? rise of umphniang affects the people.
Shillong, March 11: The Vice Chairman of the Niti Aayog, Suman Kumar Bery, on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister of India has taken action for the welfare of the tribals and the population has increased in the country. In India.
The nine-day budget session, five days are reserved for government business and two days are reserved for the opposition if there are any issues brought before the House.
This was allegedly done by the people in power.
Their duty is to educate the citizens to elect good and dedicated leaders for the future of the country, how to understand themselves to avoid corruption. be an example to others, and to be an example to others, that they may be free from corruption.
The candidates for the Shillong seat are Sitting MP Vincent H. Pala, Minister of State Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NPP, Robertjune Kharjahrin from the UDP. Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from the VPP and two other independent candidates including Prof Lakhon Kma and Peter Shallam.
The song can be submitted before March where there will be a panel of judges who will choose which song is the most interesting and also the most thought provoking. .
Conrad said that for posts that do not have enough data, the roster point will start from number
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Government has received Rs 15 lakh from the North Eastern Council for the expenditure on the Nadi Festival 2016 to be held in Shillong.
He also accused the MLA of Pynursla of not doing anything for the jaidbynriew yet and if he continues like this the party will fight against him.
P Kurbah Headmaster Phan L Nonglait Memorial School, B Shabong and Artis Mawlong Member HYC Nongthliew Circle were also the chief guests. to hold information competitions and other competitions.
It is learned that in Mukroh there are about 30 policemen to patrol the area and all of them have been sent according to their duties. sent according to the government.
Speaking to media on Saturday, the Rangbah Shnong of Erpakon, Bah M.Thongni and the Secretary Shnong, Bah Lambor Kharshilot, in the presence of the village leaders, said that they have already issued an order since 2024 to request all foreigners living in the village and especially those working at RN Sharma Hotel to leave immediately as the village has announced that there is no more responsibility.
According to the decision of the Supreme Court of India, the states must have a President within the Meghalaya State Food Commission and for the District Presidents, the Food and Distribution Department has been entrusted with the appointment of Presidents in the Districts. .
The Rangbah Shnong on this occasion expressed his gratitude to the HYC Mawlai Circle for being quick to come to their village to help through their kind hands.
New Delhi, Naitung 07: The Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharamendra Pradhan, today informed the Lok Sabha in a written statement that despite the conflict, There is no shortage of oil in Iraq.
Shillong, March 08: The BJP Smit Unit has held a program to explain the scheme to the people of Smit constituency. Harkin Warjri, Farmer Leader from Thynroit, Kyntiew Syiemlieh, General Secretary, BJP East Khasi Hills District, and Egenstar Kurkalang, President BJP Meghalaya.
The deterioration of this road has been extreme, which has caused serious problems especially to the patients who come by car through this road to Shillong for treatment.
The Minister also spoke about the reduction in corporate tax rates from 30% to 22%, and for certain manufacturing companies to 15%.
To strengthen the fight against illegal imports, the government has also announced a reward of T.5000/- to those who provide information if anyone is illegal. High Security Challans and the Government will install Smart Integrated Check Gates.
You don’t benefit from voting.
Speaking to reporters, Skrol Rani said that as one of the youths of the area on behalf of the residents, he wants to see the government do something for this. The area is especially on the road side which has affected the people in coming and going especially the sick.
All the newly elected MLAs to the 4th Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya came to take part in this special training to understand how to run the House. dorbar and the working methods of the dorbar.
Furthermore, Judges of various courts, lawyers, education experts, members of legal bodies, police chiefs, judges, officers from district administrations and Law students from the North Eastern States will take part in this conference.
Shillong, November 04: The Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture today announced that the Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice today that the 4th of November will be the Farmers' Day in Meghalaya.
Not only that, they will provide affordable accommodation and if there is a need for nurses for the patients who come for treatment at the hospital, the management of the hospital said that those who wish to For treatment at this hospital, please call 9863317096 and
Answering a question, he said that the HSPDP is the oldest party in the state and since 1972 people have won MLAs, become government ministers from the party but they have left the party and now. Two MLAs have fled to know the reason only those who have fled can answer.
At this meeting, the Congress members accepted the name of Bah Airmarchal Diengan to send his name to the South West Khasi Hills District to send his name to the MPCC. K Lyngkhoi, President of the RBCC, in a statement.
The new website will be bilingual in English and Hindi and is designed in an easy to use manner.
In the last 12 days from 23rd October to 3rd June, 2020, the Railway Department has transported 250020 vehicles of coal and 17742 vehicles of petrol each vehicle carrying about 58-60 tonnes. .
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Eastern West Khasi Hills District was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 10th November you District.
He added that the lack of light has affected not only the people but also the government offices in the area to operate and many have to rush to Nongpoh to complete their work. PHC Patharkhmah, Warmawsaw, Jirang, schools and others.
The youths also collected donations from other youths with the intention of supporting the election campaign of Bah Nehemaya Tyngkan.
The High Level Committee, comprising the Additional Principal Conservator of the Forest Department of the MoEF and the Conservator of the State Forest Department, found that 38.11 hectares of the land out of 42.87 hectares is land. do not fall under the ` special law.
On the final day of the tournament, goalkeeper Kerimehi Kharmujai was named the best player of the tournament by Aniket Kesarkar, COO of the Futsal Association of India.
On the other hand, the MSME has asked the public for a new idea how to create new jobs and has an award for those who can provide a new idea of ​​T.15 lakh which they will win. from their side.
The public hearing was conducted by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with the office of the Directorate of Census Operations, Meghalaya. Pyllun, Youth Wing and Longkmie Wing from 13 Dorbar Shnongs under Nongthymmai Pyllun.
The total number of cases in the state is 580, East Khasi Hills 479, BSF 243, Army 32 and civilians
This was stated by Badariti L Nonglait in a statement sent today.
New Delhi: Vice-President Jagdeep Dhankar today said that the Uniform Civil Code will better combine India and patriotism. The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) will violate our traditional beliefs.
This scheme has been posted on the website of the office of HTT/Megurban, Govt.
As NESO has thought how to bring peace in the state, to bring peace the NESO has held a candlelight vigil in all the capitals of the states of the North Eastern Region of India to send The news that Manipur is in need of peace.
Urban areas can do this online class but for those in rural areas who cannot even access the Internet, if they take exams students have to buy new gadgets. many will not be able to buy these things.
They today sent a letter to the Chief Minister demanding that the government should increase the salary from T.1000 tyngka. They said that there are about 18000 employees in Meghalaya. , said that if the government can spend T.14 lur on the festival, the government should increase their salaries.
Replying to the request to promote tourism in these villages, the Chief Minister said that the United States of America has expressed its readiness to import aircraft equipment to pom of which fell at this place during World War II.
Shillong, November 13: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today met with the CEM of JHADC, Bah Andrew Shillai. The CEM should revoke the No Objection Certificate (NOC) which has already been issued to the DC regarding the fence on the border with Bangladesh.
It was decided to hold these Commissioner level meetings between India and Bangladesh regularly at the 5th Joint Group of Customs meeting held in Dhaka, Bangladesh on 23rd June,
“In our meeting with the ADC of EJHD, SS Syiemlieh today, we have raised many demands on the Aadhaar registration process.
New Delhi, July 22: The Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India has invited applications/nominations for the Nari Shakti Award-2
The police station will punish those who were present at the time to accompany the prisoner.
They don't eat or drink as much as they want because it's their right.
Modi also spoke about the assistance to Indians stranded abroad.
The Voting in the Place of Origin Act is a law which will prevent the Poiwir and Mynder from voting in the Bri U Hynniewtrep and others by providing the necessary measures for the time being.
It acts as an idea bank for the G20 by bringing together think tanks and experts to discuss policies related to the G20.
The Chief Minister said that in fact the NGT has not banned the mining of coal. The ban is only in those areas which have been illegally mined and the mining of coal in the state is illegal.
If the State Government has been able to establish a Blood Bank in Khasi and Garo Hills for many years now, why hasn't it taken steps to establish the same in Jaintia Hills? Bynrap more and more of this user.
Lyngdoh said that other buses which have been taken over and will come to the area to pass through the bridge will have to inform the Mawkyrwat Area Bus Association if they intend to pass through the bridge. want to pass through the Wah Umngi Bridge.
Other sources said that these kidnappers who came to Nongjri and took Dajied away came with guns and before taking him away they went to the sky to announce to the people inside the village and after that they stayed. The robbery was held at the office of Bah Kynsai Dkhar.
The reason for the two-day delay on this road is that there are more than 1,000 vehicles passing through this road due to the bad weather and they have to drive slowly and stay overnight on this road.
The ceremony was inaugurated by Syiem Ainam Manik Syiem of Mylliem Hima who immediately spoke about the efforts of the Dorbar Kur Mawrie.
At present, most of the MLA constituencies in Garo Hills belong to the Congress party, while the NPP belonging to Purno A Sangma has won only two MLA constituencies.
Neighbors who heard the noise came out and found that the mother had sustained injuries to her leg.
Shillong, Naitung 28: There are 541 positive cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 244 cases in West Garo Hills and 109 cases in West Garo Hills. there were 5456 of them.
The Prime Minister said the government will arrange for the purchase of medicines for the benefit of the people.
If there are kingdoms that can be resolved by understanding, it is enough.
There have been farmers who have informed us that they cannot even pay the fees for their children especially at this time when schools have opened,” said HFU President Commander Shangpliang. in an interview with the media.
Many of the residents of the State especially from Nongkyndomg rely on agriculture as a source of income to support their families and to send their children to school. This has caused the farmers to be very sad and face many problems in their lives.
During the raid, the police seized 838,500 kilos of heroin which was packed in 32 bags which was packed in rice farther away from the village.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the HNLC has appointed a member of the Mission Compound from 2001 who held the rank of Lieutenant Lah. Noh Naka Membership of the organization To leave the country Because there is no healthy body.
Speaking and present were Bah R Liam, Secretary, Pdengshnong, Sohra Syiemship, Bah R Rymbai, Sordar, Saitsohpen District, Bah B Sohklet, Secretary, Mawsmai District, Bah ER Sawian, Secretary, Union. The Chief Executive Members of Sohra District and Bah J Khyriemmujat, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan.
On the topic of Environment and Rural Development Sector, Dr. NV Satyanarayana, Advisor at ASCI and the participants were Varnali Deka, District Commissioner, Nalbari, Assam; u Dr.Shiv Kumar Upadhaya, Deputy Project Director, Almora, Uttarakhand; to Prasada Rao Vaddarapu, Conservator of Forests, Forest Department, Tripura; Ajit Kumar Ranjan, District Commissioner, Wokha, Nagaland and Chete Lohe, CEO, Chansu Organic Kiwi Producer Company Ltd, Phek, Nagaland.
With the aim of strengthening sustainable development in the rural areas of the country, the HCLTech Grant Pan-India Symposium provides an opportunity for groups interested in working in the community, including Sengbhalang. , NGOs, Social Workers and others, to cooperate and exchange ideas on strategies and understandings.
Other MPYC officials who were also present on the occasion spoke to the media on the work of the MDA government led by the NPP which has not given any satisfaction to the people. shym leh as they promised.
It is on that basis that we feel that the CAA will encourage more foreign authorities to come into our country,” said Bah Samuel.
Various groups that have received the work order include church committees, puja committees, monastery committees, mandir committees, temple committees, gurudwara committees, Dorbar Shnong committees, sports social and cultural organizations and others. constituency.
Therefore, the work of the house should be clean and covered with lyndang or rusom.
"or "We the people..." but these words are misleading because they are in violation of the agreements and promises in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India on August 1948 and the Federation of Khasi States, has not been completed to date.
He is the son of Francis C. Banks and Silvery Dondor Dkhar.
Furthermore, more than 12,000 water bodies have been cleaned, more than 60,000 buildings have been repaired and nearly 47,000 slums have been cleaned.
Other village officials are Bah H.Massar as Secretary, Secretary Bah T Shangpliang, Secretary Treasurer Bah K Swer and Secretary Accounting Bah Pelman Mawlong. and Secretary to Information Affairs, Bah Joe Joplin Marbaniang.
On the other hand, the MCCLEU has alleged that this problem is due to the lack of management of the dewbilat factory which is the source of income for the people of Sohra.
At the same time, Domes also criticized the peace process, which was shot by the MLA, in the Chief Minister's office, where the MLA, led by a large group. , while the victim, there are only a few people and he said that peace is necessary, but it does not mean that it will go in this way.
This was concluded by a statement from WYWC (SP News).
“When we launch these vehicles, we are also starting the journey of transformation to make Meghalaya the most suitable state for tourists,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Minister Duh said that today, India has the fifth largest economy in the world and is a world leader in timber technology.
Greatmercy Langte, from Nongnah village in South West Khasi Hills District, has won the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 title at the Miss North East India pageant held in the capital. Guwahati on the 4th of this month.
The objective of the project, which is being implemented across the country, is to provide high-speed internet to all 2.5 lakh Gram Panchayats in the country.
On the other hand, the union strongly urged the foreigners not to mess with the land because they cannot own the land according to the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act 1971 as well as the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board. They should be responsible for the management of the SMB because the agreement is with the SMB and not with the employees.
The complaint against the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Twinkle Buhphang, is against the issuance of NOCs to 17 factories in Umiam.
Those who wish to study at the institute can submit their applications online through this channel or through www.navodaya.
The author, Amish Tripathiu, explains this.
Many villages are still in darkness because MeECL has not been able to repair and plant electricity trees which have been destroyed by the cyclone which has caused huge losses.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao has sent a letter to the Meghalaya Army personnel stationed in Shillong requesting for their cooperation with the state government. Tripura has reported that many Border Security Force personnel have tested positive for COVID-1
Last year, the pass percentage was 81.17 percent.
On the other hand, the teachers of the unit are now ready to go to court to seek their rights.
In another incident, at 2.30 pm, unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the timber factory of Rajesh Gurung at Lymshyiap in Nongmynsong. The fire was extinguished by the people of the factory.
Five new cases have been confirmed today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from North Garo Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from West Jaintia Hills.
“The government should take action and not allow confusion and should also do something for some people who want to create ethnic differences even among the people of India. “It's a good idea to have peace and stability in the midst of this COVID 19 pandemic,” he said.
The Seng requests the contractors to provide employment to the indigenous people and at the same time, the Seng warns them not to employ foreigners without a Work Permit.
The meeting was held on Tuesday between the MLPU and the four Tourist Taxi Drivers Associations to take a decision to accept the fare set by the state government through the transport department.
Jowai, Nailar 28: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has requested RTI from the Ministry of Education to investigate the dismissal of the teacher of Moopyllait Syiar School, Khoiehtyrchi, Bah Markatjuh Dkhar.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills said that he has already written to the government regarding this issue and the rest is up to the government. to give the decision.
Through this statement, the Seng also urges the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to remove the cows from this area according to the rules of law as promised before the Deputy Commissioner on 29th June,
This shows that they have sold 18.46 sqkm without the permission of the land owners, the Hima authorities or the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Replying to the statement by the Chairman of the PDF, NPP Leader Prestone Lyngdoh said that even if the PDF withdraws its support, there will be no danger to the MDA government. When contacted by SP News Agency, Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA of the PDF, who is the leader of the Parliamentary Party of the PDF, said that the meeting of the Parliamentary Party of the PDF. The PDF has met on Friday morning and will meet again tonight to discuss the news that has come out in these days.
The desire to drink alcoholic beverages is too high.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken all the suggestions from those who spoke on this issue. the change of nature is not more severe.
Police are investigating the incident to find out the facts.
The main issues raised by the BPF are to discuss the issue of health and also to demand from the government to upgrade the CHC to PHC and also to set up a Sub. The center is located in the southern part of the country.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle, after receiving information that the plan to purchase land by the Armed Forces is still ongoing, on the part of the two organizations. The two organizations urge and warn at the same time to all the private sector and especially to the Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant not to waste the money. kyrtoh changed.
The prayer will be held on Sunday to pray for those affected by the conflict in Manipur, that God will restore peace in Manipur, for the Christians in Manipur. states affected.
This scheme is implemented through the Social Welfare Department.
Meghalaya on Saturday celebrated its 52nd Independence Day at the District Auditorium and Library in Tura.
The two parties strongly condemn the Government especially the Local MLA of this area who is willing to auction the land of the paradoh parasnam to Bangladesh. the human rights of our fellow citizens.
Speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawrapad, Bah Kyrmen Shangdiar and Bah Wankitboklang Syiemlieh, Assistant General Secretary, HYC Mawsynram Branch.
Meanwhile, Angela Ryngad said that while the central government in Delhi has urged all the state governments to implement this Act, in Meghalaya they have not done anything.
Shillong, November 18: On the invitation of the MLA of 19-Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai, he confirmed that MePDCL is now ready to install solar lights as street lights in Shillong.
Dr Kharlukhi said that the allegation will remain and he does not want to see any corruption. If there is any problem, the police will take action according to the law.
KSU Mining Pathaw was elected as President, Jopstar Shabong as Vice President, General Secretary Rangstar Nongmor, Arbor Pathaw as Assistant Secretary, Finance Secretary Phyrnailang Kurbah, Finance Secy-Shein Ryntathiang. , Education secy-Danial Pathaw, Cultural Secy-Bisstarjune Marbaniang, Sports Secy-Rickshai Kharjana, Publicity Secy-Edmon Shabong.
The government should take action and punish Nurul Islam.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills District, said that the child was found today by the woman who committed the crime.
Banshai said he is ready to accept the right decisions from the State Government without any interference, but otherwise he will not hesitate to send a letter to his office. The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
In this match, Mawroh lost hope and was expelled from the competition but the judges reinstated him through a wild card entry.
On the Inner Line Permit, Dr Mukul said the government has not taken action to talk to the central government to implement the ILP in the state. The Prime Minister has already promised to implement this demand, but now another Christmas has come and it has not been done.
Shillong, March 23: The BJP Mandal of the 17th North Shillong BJP Mandal today honored two promising candidates who have brought glory to the state.
The tender is under the jurisdiction of the PWD Sohra Division and as it is still under the jurisdiction of the SPV, a tender has been called from the office but the tender has been canceled without giving any reason. .
On this occasion, the Prime Minister paid tribute to all the freedom fighters of India and also of the state and the North East. develop the state in all aspects.
Financial assistance scheme will also be offered to all students, said Dr I Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: UDP leaders have held an emergency meeting today to discuss the political situation in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Executive Committee led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM under the banner of the PDF. At this meeting, the UDP decided to lodge a complaint with the Governor of the State to send an inquiry into the case. nine issues on which the party has sought clarification from the CEM of KHADC and they have not received any clarification and allegations that there has been corruption under the leadership of Bah PN Syiem as CEM. They also agreed that if the UDP does not reach its goal, it may withdraw its cooperation with the PDF within the KHADC, after the budget session which started today. .
In his speech, Bah HM Shangpliang said that only the AITC can fight against the BJP party and the AITC will go to other constituencies to strengthen the party.
Therefore, it is very important to attract FDI in these sectors.
Police have conducted an investigation into the incident to track down the perpetrators of the incident. long shy.
Many kinds of sports were held during the festival, such as Kynjatball, Volleyball, Running, Table Tennis, Dance Competition, Song Competition and on the last day, a Girl and Gender Competition was held. which is known as the “King and Queen of Khadsawphra College” competition,
Nongpoh, Naitung 04: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Western Zone has expressed its anger over the lack of network of Aircel, Reliance and Cellone for about six months in Patharkhmah area.
The 44th Battalion was established on July 1, 1967 in Jalandhar Punjab, and since then has been deployed to guard the border between India and Pakistan. They are now guarding the border between India and Bangladesh and their office in Meghalaya is at Mawpat.
The rally was also held as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the people on the need to restore the cleanliness of the village and the area as a whole.
The Central Government and the State Governments will work together on the Jal-Jeevan Mission.
He said that Bah Tarson Lymba is a resident of Dawki village and after the peace talks between the HNLC and the Government started, it was Bah Tarson who led the Government and Police officers to Dawki. “If it wasn't for Bah Tarson, we wouldn't have known the village where we were going to arrest them (HNLC leaders) because it was the HNLC. a village on the outskirts of the border.
Before the opening ceremony, the Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala announced that the church has set aside this year as the Year of Youth.
The handball match was fierce in the final where the participants showed their strength to win the tournament.
This is a scheme of the central government and the purpose is not to allow children under the age of 14 to drop out of school and this is their right to educate until that age. .
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the party's women's organizations from the state, Vanaphi said that during the two days of her visit to Meghalaya, she has met with the party office bearers. The meeting was held to strengthen the party to win the MLA seats in
The Minister replied that the government is still consulting with the intellectuals in the field of literature on this issue as the government does not want to take a hasty decision because it does not want to. to ensure that once the decision has been taken, there will be no problems in the future in connection with this matter which affects the community.
HANM urges the government to hire more vehicles to transport the crops and the government should take special care of the farmers during this time of pandemic.
The election of the new Waheh Shnong was led by the Doloi of Raliang District, Doloi C Lyngdoh.
Vincent said he is the son of a farmer and now he is in this position as it is now, as a party there have been ups and downs. I won, in the second election, there were fewer MLAs but the election was won and so on in the third election.
The HPF leader said that what prompted the HPF to inspect the dam is how painful it is to see how much money the government has spent on the dam. The Irrigation Dam, but the farmers have not received any benefit from this dam.
Shillong, November 09: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that due to the call of the civil society groups for the curfew, the district administration has provided all safety measures during these days of curfew.
A total of 50 employees took part in the strike out of 61 employees in Shillong.
Referring to the party, he said that Bah AL Hek is a prominent figure in the North East of India because he is a Christian and a nationalist within the party. any religion is wrong.
Marbaniang said the MBOSE is ready to ensure that the examination will run smoothly.
The meeting was to continue the cooperation led by the previous leaders Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh. Clifford R Marak who have worked together to demand the state in the name of the jaidbynriew.
Regarding the land claimed by the KSU, it is private land.
Therefore, we want to go to Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills and see these same festivals,” he added.
In West Jaintia Hills, 20 incidents were reported from 2017 to 2019, in Ri Bhoi, 21 and in West Khasi Hills,
In six polling stations in East Jaintia Hills, the turnout has reached 90 percent.
This is part of the RDA's decision to send Robert June Kharjarin to contest the Lok Sabha MP election from the 1st Congress. Shillong Parliamentary Seat in the presence of family members.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Club, Bah Pyndap Saibon said that the party will contest in all 29 MDC constituencies in the KHADC, while for the JHADC the party will not contest at present. candidate.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the fight against COVID-19 is not only for the government, not only for the health department but for all the people. village and everyone should be the fighters against this COVID-19 pandemic.
To understand the prevention and preparedness, the dissemination of information about the disease among the community and the implementation of the State Response Team (SRT) to monitor the activities related to the disease.
Shillong, July 11: Three persons were injured when a Maruti car (ML 10 B 2161) collided with a truck at Sawkilo today. to Shillong.
At the same time, he said to write to all the MLAs to express their condolences for this incident.
The President of the TMC Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Charles, said that the present MDA government instead of solving the problems has a lot of work to do to find out how to come to power. to work for the development of the state is the goal of the party.
Shillong, March 29: The Supreme Court Bench on Aadhaar, on 26/09/2018, has issued a RAI that Aadhaar is not required for bank accounts, mobiles, internet, websites, to enter schools. CBSE, NEET, UGC, pension not earned, and those who have registered Aadhaar for the above.
On the issue of peace, he said that this government has received inheritance from the Congress government and hopes that they will continue.
On the other hand, the Chairman of KVIC, the Central Government, has suggested to the Government how to work together between the KVIC, the State Khadi Board and Khadi India in the state to encourage people to build basa houses. in Meghalaya through the PMEGP scheme, in his speech, he said that his visit to Meghalaya is to clarify the wishes of the Prime Minister of India.
Shillong, Lber 11: Dkhot (78) :- As mentioned in the previous judgment, the High Court has no power to send a request to the Legislative Assembly to pass a law on any matter.
The DC of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, said that the government is deeply concerned about the influx of foreigners and for this reason the government has sought ways and means to curb the influx of foreigners. The ILP is not the only way for people to enter the state without preventing the development of the state in all aspects.
The union also requests the state government to explain why the implementation of the Entry and Exit Points has not been successful yet.
These KSU members were arrested from Lawshotun.
However, since 2018, at the second Cabinet meeting, the issue of Muster Roll has been taken up to increase the monthly salary like others and to increase the salary annually.
From access to clean and safe water at home, to the security of owning a home, these are essentials.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: There are about 200 students from Meghalaya in Manipur and the government is in talks with the Manipur government to bring them back to Meghalaya by plane. students and parents should not be afraid.
He said that it is necessary now to develop the states of the region to be on par with other states which have developed in the industrial sector to create more job opportunities here.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Sameer, said President RM Shabong.
The two vehicles were a police bus number ML-02-1873 and a private Gypsy of a policeman.
Sir W, Nongneng in this program urged the drivers to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies to avoid many tragic incidents and said that such incidents are more common. due to speeding and drunkenness while driving.
The purpose of this mission is to provide affordable, accessible and quality treatment to all Sickle Cell patients; reduce the incidence of the disease in humans, and eliminate the disease before
Shillong, July 06: A statue of Pa Togan N. Sangma, the three great freedom fighters of Meghalaya, was unveiled at the Durbar Hall of Raj Bhavan, Shillong today. , Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah, who painted these paintings at the Riti Academy.
This is a small thing but we must hold on to it.
The government's lack of attention to the incidents in the Lukha River has encouraged those fishermen to become hostile to this fish-rich river.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Shillong Municipal Board in the presence of members of the FKJGP today conducted an inspection of Trade Licenses at Keating Road, where many shops were found not renewed for many years. states doing business in the area.
He said that the youth are the future of the country and the state. The country needs youth who have sufficient skills to take over jobs for the development of the country. and the state as well.
The number of cases of covid19 in the state has increased due to the arrival of people from other states.
On this occasion, the students who passed well in the SSLC examination 2018 were also congratulated and the donation to the school by the Chief Guest and other dignitaries as part of the development of the school.
Thousands of tourists from all over India visit Sohra every day and when they arrive at this place they cannot help but go down to buy Riewhadem thang to eat byrngia in their cars.
According to a statement sent by Archbishop Felix Anthony Machado, Secretary General, CBCI, the appointment was announced in Rome.
Shillong, July 17: The MLA of Shillong South who is also the MDC of Laban today banned the KHADC officials from inspecting the shops in Laban area to find the shops. don't have a trading license.
Students at TISS-Mumbai have questioned why the Khasi states, which have signed these agreements and promises, do not participate or are not members of the District Councils which are the government authorities. to look into the customs and traditions and in what manner there have been members from political parties.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to express his condolences to the victims of the accident. Nongspung village where 17 people lost their lives and 62 people were injured.
He said that this morning he received a letter from the traffic department and said that it is illegal on the part of the man. parking spaces are illegal how can it be only his illegal.
Shillong, March 27: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today informed the public that the rice used for the purpose of cooking food for the school children has been distributed to the public for the LP Schools and this is for three months.
The Prime Minister said the government is working to bring the Dorbar Shnongs closer together and the government to understand in many areas as this is the problem faced by the villagers.
The purpose of this meeting was to resolve the issues faced by them in various government departments in the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced the nomination of Bah Rangkynsai Makdoh as its candidate for the Nongpoh Constituency in Ri Bhoi District. day.
Sources close to the Congress party said that there are two candidates for the Congress ticket from Meghalaya, John F Kharshiing and former Mawprem MLA Manas Choudhury.
“On receiving information about this, the KSU members turned to the Sadar Police Station but the police closed the gate and tightened security to prevent any incident.
More information can be found at :.
The meeting was held at Sohra Circuit House. The Chief Minister welcomed the members of the Forum and the Chief Executive Members by promising to give them a district and that Sohra will be the headquarters.
Dr Khonglah said that there is a need to have health centers in all districts of the state to provide convenience to the people and this march today is also to raise awareness regarding this disease. you don't have to go to the hospital.
The recipients of this financial assistance to these deceased are from Assam and their names have been known from the media and the money has been handed over to them on 20/October. /2024 and until 22nd November 2020 to T.2,50,0
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Information Secretary FKJGP Central Body welcomed the leaders and youth who are coming to join the FKJGP. He said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and the Upper Shillong area as a whole is very fortunate to have a leader who is intelligent, who is mature in his thinking and who has received recognition and recognition. He also urged all the members of the Seng to have a courageous spirit and not to be afraid to face many challenges. They should not be imprisoned as he has experienced himself to fight for issues that benefit the Jaitbynriew.
This is a threat not only to our state and Assam but to the entire North East,” he added.
It is learned that there was also a stick to disperse the crowd.
However, Eskial and Jerry said that this will not affect the team as a whole, especially after the players have been able to express their views. Langsning FC have been very skilled in their playing style and an example of this was evident when they played against Langsning FC in the semifinals.
“Parents should take responsibility to send their children to school,” said Bah Process.
The Hima of Sohra, Shella, Sohbar, Mawlong, Satsohpen, Laitkyngkot, and others will meet at 11 am on the 19th January, 2013 at the office of the Syiem of Sohra;  All the Sordars and Rangbah of the Hima Nongkhlaw will meet at 10 am on the 21st January 2013, at Mairang, Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw.
There are 31 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 19 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Garo Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills, 2 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi. Jaintia Hills 1, 12008 cases have been recovered.
The deterioration of this road has forced the farmers in the area to pay for the transportation of their produce at a high price, especially the jhur they grow to Nongpoh for sale. and the wickedness of the roads shall be destroyed.
The exhibition showcases the freedom struggle of India through a display of paintings.
"Since when I was a student, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, KN Kumar, started organizing Science Exhibitions and competitions in 1992-9 RBP Nongpoh I have been interested in science exhibitions ever since.
On this occasion, 14502 students of NEHU were honoured and 2019 students attended the XXVI Convocation.
The Minister said that after the department has checked that these tins are in accordance with the wishes and approval of the company.
Our Government has launched Green Meghalaya, which is unique and through this, we benefit these groups who conserve and protect forests.
Kohli said that in the state, there is a fierce struggle within the Congress where Bah PN Syiem is fighting to hold on to the rules of law, while Dr Mukul Sangma is the Chief Minister of the state. He said that the people have now turned against the Congress party and the mid-term MDC elections will show that the people have turned against the Congress party.
Ali was the driver of a vehicle belonging to a businessman from Assam when the militants abducted him seven days ago.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 957 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 7971 people are still in critical condition.
Until now, even the MDCs have not received any information on what work they have been allowed to do.
The union is full of regret, because they expect and trust that the media will explain the truth without bias, but what they find and find that the newspaper "Shillong Times" many times appears. the discrimination and oppression of the nation in many ways.
West Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 51, West Jaintia Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 17, West Garo Hills 15 and South Garo Hills
Because of the lack of understanding of the language, the party has nothing against him but for the sake of the peace of the people who go to work every day. day.
Shillong, March 06: The annual meeting of the old students of Christ King Secondary School, Riangdo, West Khasi Hills, will be held on Monday 10.10.2016. he came together that day.
Shillong, November 22: U Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and they discussed how to maintain peace and order on the border. .
Speaking to reporters, he said that out of the 41 cases, 36 cases have been tested positive in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from the Army and 2 cases from the CRPF. returned with 28 civilians.
In the letter, Dr Mukul urged the Chief Minister to urgently convene a meeting of the State Security Commission to discuss the transfer of police officers by the government.
The blind audition will start on 2nd November 2023, the elimination round will start on 9th November 2023 and will continue. until the Grand Finale on 31st July
Shillong, Naitung 22: The President of the Union of Teachers' Union, B Kharumnuid, on Tuesday said that FAMASSTA has congratulated the students who have passed the SSLC 2020 examination.
No casualties were reported at the time of writing.
He said that when there is a production of any material in the place where it is needed, this can make a successful business adding that the manufacturing of plant products can create job opportunities and provide the company, the state and the country as a whole.
In the second half, the players of Jofika FC showed their skills and impressed the crowd.
There are about 10 or 15 villages in these villages which have requested the KHADC to divide the constituency and Dr.S Khar Syiemlieh, Retired Judge, has been appointed to head the committee. The committee has been entrusted to send its report as soon as possible before taking a decision, said Bah Syiem.
Superintendent of Police, HG Lyngdoh, told SP News Agency that 23 people were seriously injured in the accident and were taken to Shillong. to send care.
Ration shops will also be open from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm. The shops will be open only for those who have registered and the government has increased the number of shops and so on. the vehicles to sell goods so that the people can be happy.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Thangkiew said that this celebration will not cause any trouble but may this Christmas and New Year celebration be a source of peace and happiness for the country and the nation.
To celebrate the iconic week from 23rd to 29th July, 2021, the Regional Outreach Bureau has also organized quiz, art, slogan and extempore competitions through the internet for school children and students. college that week.
“We have found that all the Casual Labour/Contractual Basis jobs available in the departments are posts which are not advertised to the public but are appointed.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar today announced that there will be a cleanliness drive on the 05th July 2019 in collaboration with the Hima Mylluem.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the MDCs, who did not want to be named, said that it is impossible for the head of the Council to have a low salary and a high salary. The EC has decided to increase the salary of the CEM, Deputy Stenographer. In this regard, the EC has decided to increase the salary of the Stenographer. CEM, Chairman, Deputy Chairman, EMs and MDCs, if JHADC can do it, KHADC should do it too. .
The NIC (National Informatics Centre) will launch Secure, Scalable and Sugamya as a Service (SwaaS) website for Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura.
At the same time, the DC urged the people to cooperate with the District Administration to maintain peace and order.
Payments through BHIM increased from T.0.02 billion in November, 2016 to T.70.6 billion in November,
Referring to Meghalaya, the Union Home Minister said that the Union Government has allocated funds for the construction of the road from Umulong to Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills, the road from Mairang to Rani Godawn in Assam. and many other development schemes in Meghalaya.
At the meeting where it was announced to give the ticket to Bah Mayralborn Syiem, it was a big misleading to the supporters of the party without consulting with the supporters of Bah Lapang, but it was announced right. without listening to the voice of many churches who should give ticket instead of Bah Lapang.
What happens is that those who have the kwari slip give only what they want, this shows that some get to carry stones every day, while some get only two or three times a month, the desire Their request is that all these slips should be submitted together.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Home Minister, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the call for the meeting was on the peace and stability in Meghalaya.
Those who wish to supply PoS to the government department should submit their applications to the office on or before the 14th of November.
This has led to agricultural crisis, loss of jobs and food for many churches and the death of markets especially in the rural areas.
Shillong, June 27: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shortage of electricity in the state. hours a day and this has caused great loss and suffering to all the residents of the state.
Kharjahrin said he had seen the meeting between the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Union Home Minister Amit Shah but there was no sign that the Union Government would implement it. ILP in Meghalaya.
“Now there are two ways, if the Government wants to resolve this issue through the legal process or by taking a decision on its own,” he said. wars in the world have been controlled not by legal means but by the power of the Government.
The inspection was also to see whether these health centers need to be repaired or not and to ensure that they provide full service to the people of Meghalaya.
The Seng would also like to urge the MLA and MDC of Ranikor Constituency as well as the district authorities and government authorities to look into the shortage of this SBI Branch in Ranikor due to the shortcomings in the operation of the bank. This has forced the public to gather in public and public gatherings are also a danger especially at this time of the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state.
The Employment Cell of the KSU Sengkmie has demanded that the Chief Post General should be appointed by the indigenous people for the post of Gramin Post Master across the state.
Because of the darkness, he could not see the horse coming near him.
At the same time, the court ordered the government to pay T.3,00,000/- to the victim.
“He also informed that the BJP will support the NPF in Outer Manipur and the NDPP in Nagaland in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The Minister also told the journalists in the state not to search carefully but to search for the facts.
The HYC also questioned whether the office has released any money to T Nongbri from 2016 to 2020 or 2021, 2022 and
Vehicle parts shops to open only on 13/05/2020 are mentioned in Annexture-I and vehicle parts shops to open only on 14/05/2020 are mentioned in Annexture-J Village shops will be open for five days in Pynursla, Sohra Civil Sub Division and C&RD Block as announced through the Political Department of the State Government.
“At present, the union demands that the JHADC should revoke the Trading License and Employees Service License of Non-Tribals who come to do business and work in Jaintia Hills and also to ban all the employees. shops and illegal business activities of non-tribals in Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the union with a spirit of concern for the welfare and education has immediately investigated these complaints by visiting some of these schools and found that in 2013 these schools have been upgraded. Through the RMSA scheme by sanctioning up to 7 posts of teachers, but in 2013 the Government has not been able to appoint a single teacher even though the interview for these posts has been conducted since 10 June Until last month (February) the government or the department in charge of education has appointed only one teacher. In Saipung, not a single teacher has been appointed yet. This action of the government has severely affected the education and future of these children in these schools.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister's Secretary, they said that there are many villages which have not had transformers for more than a month but the bill light has arrived exactly.
Pastor P.Hynniewta also offered a prayer and a special song from the residents of the New Hope Centre, which is a project of the KJPA. (SP News).
I want this to continue," he said.
The Chief Minister said that it is the duty of the government to maintain peace and order in Shillong and in the state as a whole. resident.
The Minister said that the MCAB uses the machines of Yes Bank only for mobile banking, IMPS, RTGS, NEFT and ATM, while the MRB uses them only for the release of money. Checks, meanwhile, have no effect.
“At 2:00 pm, the crowd turned back to the venue to disrupt the event.
There are four villages affected by the earthquake today and four people have been affected by the earthquake.
Archdiocese of Shillong led by Father John Madur, Sein Raij led by Joining Pde, Seng Khasi led by Donkupar Dkhar, Union of Rangbah Shnong led by RL Blah, I-CARE Shillong Toki Blah and the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum were led by RG Lyngdoh.
Mairang, July 09: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang has informed all the residents of the district that the Aadhaar registration is special for children under 6 years of age.
At this meeting, it was alleged that the government has not done anything regarding the coal for more than six months.
Many of these patients lack access to nutritious food.
In the first division, 27 males and 38 females will pass.
The president of the party, Samla Niman Shadap, explained the main objectives and objectives of the party.
To date, there are 223 labs including 157 government and 66 private labs.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner has directed that everyone should comply with the government's guidelines to keep a distance from each other in the workplace. keep.
When the patient arrived at the hospital, Dr.Md.Yunus ordered him to be taken to the hospital. The hospital was headed by Dr R Hajong. Dr Nari Lyngdoh, Dr J Saikia, Dr Habib and Dr Vijay conducted the investigation.
Surprisingly, the government has informed that the government has not yet found the SI. In a letter sent by the Jowai Police to the commission number No.CRM/IV -19/26-09/2977 dated Jowai 7th November 2012 The commission has informed that it has not found the policeman and that the commission wants to investigate as one of the witnesses in the incident.
During their visit, while talking to the people, they found that smuggling and the entry of people from other countries into India is rampant.
This loss has been from 2014 to 2019 and this has affected the budget of the state government.
The other three arrested were identified as Arjensing M Marak, 19, Aiwal D Shira, 19, of Era Aning, Nongalbibra, South Garo Hills, and Joshwa B Marak, 19, of Refuse.
The Ministry of Home Affairs also informed that the Government of India has taken steps to protect the rights and welfare of the minorities in the North East and to deliver development projects through the Act East Policy.
However, due to the lack of time, the NEHU administration has been forced to stand and wait for the examination time because from the time they arrived, from 12 noon to 4 pm, they have not been able to write. Find your exam room.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the College of Teacher Education (CTE) at Rongkhon in Tura in the presence of Thomas A Sangma. the Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya Games will be inaugurated by the President of Meghalaya on July 15 at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
The house, which was built on the roof of the house, was used to store tar furniture and the furniture stored in the house was damaged and the damage to the house was reported.
The landowners who attended the meeting were from Shella, Sohbar, Mawlong, Nongjri and Shallang areas, as these areas have land resources such as coal and Mawshun.
At this meeting, HANK has given nine days to the government and if this coup continues, the HANK and the people will not be able to come out and attack them by the people, he said. you're right.
In this regard, I appeal to all the people of the country to observe our Fundamental Duties as enshrined in the Constitution.
The funeral service will be held on the 10th July 2014 at 2 pm at the Cemetery of Christ, Mawlai Nonglum.
This is according to a statement by Samla Agenstar Kurkalang.
After the meeting with the government, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar, speaking to media on behalf of the 13 parties, said they know that this is the new government and it is also a discussion. The first with this government on the Entry and Exit Points but the officers are the same.
Shillong, March 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has summoned the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Syiem Raid Marwet to appear before the Assam government to explain how the Assam government came to build a Transit Camp for the Assam Police. Khanapara is still in the state of Meghalaya.
They demanded that the United Nations Organization should send a team to find out the truth about what the Chinese government is doing in the area.
One of the decisions was that all the shops in the market should be closed at 5 pm every night and on the other hand, the CEM has informed that if there is any objection, the Council will take action. in accordance with the provisions of the Market Act of the Council.
The Minister expressed her regret that Shillong, which was considered to be the shlem of education, has now disappeared. The government will strive to restore this glory. Shillong, to make Shillong once again a center of education, so that foreigners can come to the state to study.
All the 60 members of the Legislative Assembly of the State should show by their actions and not just words.
Application forms can be obtained from Meghalaya Print located at Malki Point near Seven Set School. For online forms please call 8256983718 and
He said that even if 60 MLAs become prime ministers, they will not be able to stop the insurgency in Garo Hills. employment of foreigners and to do so only by enacting presidential rule.
Pyngrope said that there has been no tragic incident or any damage to the people and the village will continue to investigate to find out if there are any more houses that have been damaged. was damaged.
The Chairman of NESO said that as a group of minorities in the North East of India, we will continue to oppose the CAB 2016 in any way. In his speech, the Chairman of NESO said that the desire is to remove even the CAB. The BJP government wants to allow people from Bangladesh to enter the country illegally, if those Hindus come from Bangladesh, they will become a minority. The North East has been overwhelmed and the BJP's action is to make the indigenous people less paid by bringing in people from Bangladesh.
Once the applications are received, it will be possible to determine how many Community Quarantine Centres there will be.
The Education Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District has visited these schools twice on 15/02/2022 and on 21/02/2 /02/2022 where we as the organization have heard the complaints of the teachers.
The Holy Mass will begin at 10:00 pm by the Apostolic Nuncio of the Vatican to India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli in the presence of the Archbishop of Shillong. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh and three newly consecrated Bishops of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar and Auxiliary Bishop. Most Rev. Joachim Walder of the State of Aizawl.
The KSU members came to the area because the BSF troops did not do anything even though the Bangladeshis came to farm in the area. Go to destroy these crops that the Bangladeshis have started to cultivate.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, while introducing the government's resolution in the House against the government's bill, said that the rules made by the central government according to the bill. The Government has gone beyond the basis of the Animals Act.1960, and this violates the rights of the States because of this function of the State Governments under the State List of Schedule VII. To raise livestock and to maintain markets for the sale and trade of animals is provided for in Articles 14, 15 and 28 of the State List of Schedule VII of the Constitution of India. Rule 38 as it stands has gone beyond the Central Government Act and Rule 28 which deals with the protection of animals.
Receiving the problem faced by the District Administration in preventing the people from going to the market, the village officials of Quallapaty, Wahthopbroo, Mawkhar and Umsohsun have come out to explain to the people. the public.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and MLA of Mairang constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today said that the absence of any resident of the state who has been infected with the virus is due to the obedience of the people to the directives and advice of the state government.
Officials of the water supply department said that their daily pumping of water for Tura city is 3.1 million gallons and now due to the lack of light the water supply to the people has decreased. and the shortfall is seven lakh gallons per day.
It was the CEM who said that the words were “Un Parliamentary Words” and apologized for what he said inside the House.
In this incident, electricity lines have been damaged especially in West Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi.
I thank God for this victory and I dedicate this Award to my parents, Principal, Vice-Principal, teachers, colleagues, students, brothers and sisters. my residents (Nongpoh), Ri Bhoi District and all the people of Meghalaya for this recognition I have received and it is because of all the people of the State.
He shared that film festivals are a place to watch films and learn.
The company, which has its office in Kolkata, has sold its insurance policies in Khlieriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
This visit also provided information from those villagers and to understand the mindset of those people in those villages, because the number cannot be explained one by one.
Shillong, July 21: Two Maruti Vans were seized by BSF while they were traveling at Pyrdiwah village with the intention of entering Bangladesh. .
Shillong, March 13: Tourists from Meghalaya have been able to visit Mawsmai, Sohra from the 16th of March.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Nongstoin Police have received a complaint that a man identified as Micky Syiemlieh has shot dead Dr R Marbaniang, Medical and Health Officer of Nongstoin Civil. Hospital.
This journey to this place has been going on for about 40 years.
When asked, Dr Chen said the VPP does not want to nominate President Ardent M Basaiawmoit as a candidate for the MP election because he has to think about the work of the party in the state.
The Government has a lot of work to do to challenge the work of the District Council. I have been elected by the House how to step down.
He urged the central government and the NEC to support this initiative of the state government.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) today received a complaint from the residents of Tyrso area that there has been a shortage of fish in the Umlet River. don't be afraid that you're not a medicine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Ritupana Neog, Branch Manager of SBI New Tura Branch, West Garo Hills District, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 14th of this month at about 2.30 pm, a person has lodged a complaint with the police. An unidentified man came to stand in line to withdraw money, turned to him and said that the payment should be expedited.
In addition, the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) provides 35 kilograms per month.
And just five minutes after that, Pynbha Suting, who had just come on as a substitute a short while before, took a left-footer out of the blue that came in off the woodwork to increase Nangkiew Irat’s misery.
The training was attended by representatives of NESFAS, Rice Social Development Guild, A Ray of Hope Foundation and Rympei Information Development Society.
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya Police have arrested Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, identified as Bah Man, on suspicion of having close ties with the HNLC. camp in Nongrim Hills.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that Cheristerfield is the general secretary of the HNLC who came to arrest him. satar against him and wants to arrest him on this charge which he wants, other actions of him he does not want to know.
Methodius, who is the MLA of the area, urged the government to improve the road from Nongstoin to Kullang and to set up a Police Out Post at Maweit to look after the area.
The INC received 36.18%, the NPP 36.13%, the UDP 23.85%, the BJP 0.39%, other candidates 2.73% and the NOTA 0.71%.
They also carried placards with the slogans “Modiji give Garoland, Modiji please give Garoland”.
He said that the dorbar of the KHADC will start on the 20th of this month and Bah Shylla as an MDC can bring forward any issues he wants to raise in the form of questions, resolutions or even in the form of Motion in the House.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The talks between the SSA teachers and the government through the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang today failed as the teachers did not get an answer due to the lack of clarity regarding the salary. month.
This road has been badly damaged especially from Sunapur to Malidhar which has caused problems to all the passengers and also which has caused traffic jams every day in these parts of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Meghalaya Police today arrested four persons for allegedly shooting a taxi driver in Khyndailad on Friday. .
Dainadubi, Nailar 28: The Forest Office at Dainadubi in North Garo Hills District has arrested dozens of vehicles carrying illegal timber not only once but many times. from time to time.
Replying to this, Parshottam Rupala said, “The Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Government of India is aware of the outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the country.
The entry passes for the Seiñ Raij and Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Dolloi were sent through their leaders.
He said that KHNAM will follow up on this issue and fight to prevent the issuance of Trading License to this foreigner.
The union also strongly condemns the government for this attempt to mislead the people of the area and feels that this is a miscount of the public hearing held at Nongbah Jynrin on the 12th.
Shillong, June 07: The Ministry of AYUSH, Shillong, Shillong, will celebrate the World Homeopathy Day on the 10th June 262 of Dr. Christian Friedrich Samuel Hahnemann, the founder of Homeopathy.
The suspects are suspected to be Bangladeshis. The incident happened at Pyrkan village on the other side of the Shella River. inform the Shella Police Station.
The CEM of KHADC said that a meeting was convened by the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division today to discuss the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Sohra and Shella.
The statement by the Union Child Minister R Gohain in recent months that the construction of the railway line will not affect the illegal entry of mynder is merely a rumour.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Mait Shaphrang Movement led by Michael Syiem has launched a campaign.
He said that the drivers of the vehicles say that they don't know where to put these foreigners and admit that this is the first time they have entered Shillong.
Shillong, June 04: The convocation of the 104th Computer Training Program was held on 4th June 2024 at the auditorium of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center at 1 pm.
Speaking at the launch of the NeVA Project in the Assembly, Dr. Andrew Simons said that on 27th October 2020, the State Project Monitoring Unit (SPMU) cum NeVA Implementation Committee was appointed headed by the Chief Minister. Secretary to the State Government.
The issue of recognition for the homeland and the exact border of Hynniewtrep is the main demand of the HNLC. The HNLC hopes that the peace talks with the Government will be fruitful so that that we may be able to solve the problems of the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in reply to a question by Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy regarding the vacancies in the ranks of MCS and MPS in the past three years. The Chief Minister said that the total number of vacancies in this rank is 45 in the rank of MCS and 15 in the rank of MPS. The examination for the post of MPS has been sent on 6.03.2017 to the MPSC and the preparations for the examination are ongoing.
“These roads will be constructed in Mawkhanu at a cost of T.185 crore.
MSOA Spokesperson B Diengdoh said that all these games will be held at 20 venues in Shillong. MSOA General Secretary Finely L Pariat said that the tournament will be held at 20 stadiums in Shillong. hopefully this game goes well.
In a statement, the publicity secretary of the party, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the party has called for a curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm on the 9th of this month. thep vote.
The Assam government's claim to the Khasi Pnar lands has been going on since the time of the British rule in India. The KHADC has a map of the Khasi lands dating back to
: In one of the tragic incidents, a man has committed suicide after being caught in an electric shock near the Umiam Bridge under Mawlai Police Station.
We have sent Magistrates to the Polling Station to ensure that the polling will not be in the middle of the polling station.
He promised that this issue will be put forward as soon as Conrad and Prestone return to the state.
On this occasion, the questions of the people were also explained to the public.
On the part of the Hima, he said that now all the Hima have their own laws, there are only a few laws left which the KHADC is preparing to bring to the House for passage.
In Mawphlang Division alone, there are about 10,000 casual and work charge employees.
On the other hand, the drivers said that the government has collected money from this road in fact it should have improved this highway which is under the jurisdiction of NHAI and this deterioration is not yet found but it is was slower.
We remember the former MP Late Prof GG Swell, who opposed this Act and requested the Government of India to send a request from the State Government to the Government of India to amend it. The question here is how the Government of India through these Acts will not own the land in Khasi States, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, to lease to other miners. yellow stone.
He said that he too had shown the documents he had received from the District Council office.
Financial assistance has been provided to the States/UTs according to the needs under the ASCAD to purchase Goat Pox Vaccine to vaccinate against Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
In the past four months, police have also worked hard to arrest bike thieves, whether they are from Tura or Shillong and have seized 141 stolen bikes and arrested 61 thieves. bike.
On this occasion, he congratulated the parents and teachers through whom their children have achieved success in their studies.
Former Chief Minister SC Marak, who is also the MLA of the area, said that the government should appoint a Judicial Inquiry to investigate and at the same time to pay bail. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has welcomed the incident.
“When I returned from Delhi, I met face to face with the UDP leaders and said that it is not right for me to resign from my current post (as President of KAS) and therefore I will not “I have applied for a ticket from the UDP or any other party,” said Dr. Nonglait.
A Biomass Cooking Stove from the Rural Development Department has recently been distributed to the public and with the implementation of PMUY, it will help to reduce the burning of wood for cooking.
During the investigation, it was found that the girl was also raped by another person named Lumding Syiemlieh.
There have also been reports in the media that the number of cases has increased and there have been deaths in China in the past few days.
He said that those present at this meeting today should think that it should not be a stick but the important thing is the way of life and the way of thinking and this party was founded 122 years ago. This is the responsibility to provide encouragement and this will help to remove the barrier.
At first after the people came to inform me regarding this problem which is very serious especially in relation to the water supply I could not just sit idly by and watch the problem of the people. said Mr. James.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that the venue for the KJP Synod Mihngi is suitable.
During the meeting, the Chairman, NCST was also requested to address the issues of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, who are stranded outside the border of India (India-Bangladesh) and those who are stranded outside the border of Meghalaya and Assam. .
Sanbor said that there is a need to pray for each other. He said that don't say that Sanbor is a world leader. If you have anything, invite him to speak. Any issue should be taken to Delhi to discuss the issue.
On the other hand, the Cell recommends to the Government to create any assistance schemes whether it is from the Central Government or the State Government to all the day laborers across the Bri U Hynniewtrep so that the The fight to reduce and eradicate Covid-19 will be orderly and successful.
The meeting was led by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat and Chairman of GHADC, RK Sangma. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, said that they will write to the National Law Commission to release Meghalaya from the UCC. They said that their discussion now is to agree to send a letter to the NLC if the UCC is implemented in India, Meghalaya should be released according to the existing laws.
Six of them, four women and two men, were arrested after the RPF had led them away and when questioned they could not show any evidence that they were arrested. I'm from India.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: On 15/5/2018, police have found the body of an elderly man from Lad Mawpran on the NH-40 to Dawki.
The ceremony was held at the Community Hall, Mission Compound, Shillong in the presence of the family members of the new Mawsynram MLA Bah HM Shangpliang and his children.
Shillong, Naitung 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid a wreath at the statue of Syiem Tirot Sing Syem on the occasion of the 188th death anniversary of the freedom fighter. Mairang, EWKH District, in the presence of the MLA of this constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The meeting was held at the Mawkhar Dorbar Hall under the chairmanship of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Arwan Tariang together with the Secretary and Executive Members of the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong. They included the President, Larry Najiar and Aida War.
The Prime Minister urged the Child Home Minister of India Kiren Rijiju and the Ministry of Home Affairs to be aware of this and this is unacceptable and this is a The government should register a case against the minorities, especially women, so that others will not be affected.
Sonia Gandhi, MP, Chairperson, National Advisory Council on 7th and 9th June 2012, and recently a group of 24 Chief Executive Members met with the Hon'ble President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee, on the issue of The same issue was reported on 21st October 2013, when he visited Shillong.
As usual, when the elections are approaching, there is a movement of supporters and MLAs from one party to another to contest the MLA elections. Even now, although the MLAs have not yet appeared, the discussion has continued.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah Staising Kharbteng on Tuesday said that the outbreak of Covid-19 has shocked the world with many events and changes.
He said that it is not enough to have a full state but it needs to be developed in many aspects in terms of development like other states of the country. Meghalaya is still far behind in many areas.
He said that the youth should be the ones to carry the message to others and to help them in bringing about change in those who have been involved in such evil practices.
During the election campaign, he said that Bah Paul Lyngdoh, former MLA, knows that the Congress party includes everyone.
He said in the next three years the country’s PACS will have the largest warehouses in the world.
Therefore, youths who wish to participate should be well prepared, and the forms will be received on the same day.
Over the years, it has produced more and more intelligent students who have passed well in the matric examination.
Students should also have respect for their parents.
The best student in English is Tuberlin Jyrwa.
Therefore, this scheme aims to create a helpful and continuous environment to provide incentives for them to work in these fields.
Speeches were also delivered by the students from all 12 districts of the country who expressed their happiness and joy to receive this opportunity to teach. There are 2,700 students in 15 schools in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla today asked all the civil society organizations involved in the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. The question was whether the ILP is the MRSS Act
The Union Minister said that Meghalaya is a state that will grow in income because the education in this state is good which can bring in income and St Anthony's It is one of the most important schools in Meghalaya.
There are three bridges erected from the river to operate the bridge and the maintenance is on all three bridges. in the water.
It’s a part of everyone’s pride.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed the Khasi Social and Customs of Lineage Act (KHADC) Amendment Bill 2018 as soon as possible. With such an Act, other men of other ethnic groups will not dare to marry Khasi Pnar women in this country.
By organizing such festivals people get a detailed knowledge of where to go and at what time they can go to see the beauty of a place.
In his speech, Bah DD Lapang spoke about the contributions made by this great man of the country during his tenure as the Prime Minister of the country.
On the other hand, after seeing this crowd, the police used lathi charged but this still angered the crowd and to disperse the crowd, the police used lathi charged. by cleaning the eyes with tear gas bullets.
Shillong, July 17: The Meghalaya government has sent two of its officials to be members of the Board of Governors of CMJ University. T Other.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah John F Kharshiing today said that the government should amend the Meghalaya Landlord and Tenant Verification Bill, khasi this Bill.
The ceremony started on Friday with a drink and drink for the longshuwa man shuwa in the morning at the homes of the raid Jowai started at 2 pm on that day and continued until I don't want to finish today at Eitnar and I'm going to break the rot in this place.
On the other hand, the BGB insisted that the BSF should ensure that the traffickers of phynsedly liquor should not get away as the smuggling of liquor from the state to Bangladesh is very high.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: A one-day training on how to improve the income of farmers was held today at Raj Bhavan Shillong, by the Office of the Governor of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Department of Agriculture. and the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE).
It is gratifying that Ri Bhoi District has already celebrated its Silver Jubilee, but it is sad that Mawdem Village, which was the first Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi District, has not changed at all. Lyang" he said.
The WOW Awards are the world's most prestigious industry awards in Asia and the Middle East. EEMA and KPMIndia as a support and development and the judges are prominent figures in the industry from around the world.
“We have received many complaints that there have been many incidents around Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The road from Mawsynram to Balat has been cut off at Nongthymmai village this morning due to heavy rainfall.
During the meeting, Conrad also discussed the issue of the cancellation of the MBBS course at NEIGRIHMS and the outstanding fees with various departments within the central government.
The funds for the construction of these houses have been allocated by the Central Government from the Basic Services for Urban Poor through the Housing Department of the Central Government.
This Act has prohibited the destruction of dohum dohwah and this Act which will bring about amendments is to improve the existing cooperation with the it ki himas in the Khasi Hills. them and this has close proximity to environmental sustainability.
The Minister also urged the institutions to look for products that can get GI recognition and promote these as much as possible.
The facilities should include more sports activities, yoga, meditation and spiritual sessions for children so that they can escape the time of stress they face due to the circumstances of way of life that they used to live in the past," said the Minister.
Especially people from all over the world want to visit Meghalaya and many people from different countries want to visit.
The workshop will be attended by prominent speakers like Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Dharmendra, Chief Secretary, Government of Arunachal Pradesh, Dr Chintan Vaishnav, Mission Director of the Atal Innovation Mission at the NITI Aayog.
HANM leaders also spoke to the contractor by telephone and urged him to send more workers and more vehicles to complete the work in these days. The weather is still permitting but the rain will fall and it will cause difficulties and disrupt the traffic through this road.
Shillong, July 25: BSF troops and journalists from the All India Raid and Doordarshan held a meeting with the residents of the Bangladesh border area at Gumaghat village in South West Khasi Hills District.
He said the mission will demonstrate activities related to the moon and will also be involved in solving world problems.
The purpose of this amendment is that 50% of the Post Graduate Diploma Courses will be reserved for those doctors who have worked with the State Government for three years in the rural areas. , after completing their studies they have to work for another two years in the villages.
The Seng also urges the people of this area to visit these government departments to ask them what they should see through these government departments. “We are monitoring what these departments are doing for the benefit of the residents of this area,” said the president of HPSO in a statement sent to the media.
Members of CoMSO who have called for ILP in the state and if they do not get ILP will not rest, this demand for ILP will continue. The Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, has thanked the civil society organizations in Meghalaya for the ILP. The Chief Minister said that he would visit Shillong in October but he did not come.
To promote the Hindi language, she also participates in radio programs on the theme “Hindi Lesson”, which are broadcast by All India Radio Shillong.
The Minister said that employment from educational institutions should be strengthened through our stronger bidding process to the world.
The Principal of KJP School, Kong HM Marwein, expressed her gratitude to the Mawlynnong Village Council for welcoming and giving valuable information to the students. children in school for the benefit of the school.
The house belongs to Intermission Lapasam, but she lives in another house while her son, children and their mother-in-law are now living in the house.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The VPP MLA from Mawlai constituency, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the state government has sent a letter to the VPP party to call for talks on the reservation policy of the party. demand that it be renewed.
In this struggle for the provision of drinking water, many schemes have been implemented according to the conditions of the area.
Bah Shangpliang said that compared to the price of the state, the state has set a very high price as it is now. When this question was asked to the Director of Health Services, the Director admitted that it is In fact, the price has increased because the ICMR has not provided any more assistance to the state governments.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Did and the speakers were the presidents of the drivers' unions from different parts of the area.
Hamlet said that this decision was taken today to lift the order issued on 16th November 2020 and from tomorrow morning there will be no more collection of musur from the farmers in the area. area.
The North Eastern Hills University today held a march for teachers, staff and students inside the university to commemorate the day.
The Government has already awarded the contract for this work at a cost of T.48 crore and this is a blessing to the people of the area on the border with Bangladesh. the road is good.
In this regard, the party strongly condemns the Tripura government for using its powers against the Constitution of India and the party strongly condemns the shooting of Meetei people including three A student and a woman were shot dead by Manipur police in Imphal today.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The General Secretary of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, Bah JP Lyngdoh has sent a complaint to the Union Minister of State for Education against the appointment of Principal. Meghalaya has no college government in the state, but it does not comply with the rules laid down by the University Grant Commission.
The elders knew well that the Raid Nongtung paid taxes and other contributions to the Daloi Nartiang.
According to this Act, those who have been involved in drug trafficking can be arrested and imprisoned for three months and extended to one year.
It may be recalled that the Bodh Gaya Temple bomb blast on the 7th of this month in Bihar has shocked the whole of India.
Himata said it has been decided to end the judicial inquiries appointed by the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
Shillong, July 07: BSF troops on patrol at midnight arrested 11 Indians and 11 vehicles carrying sugarcane to Bangladesh at Muktapur. the court weighs 11,000 kilograms.
Shillong, Lber 30: Former Rajya Sabha MP Robert Kharshiing has filed a complaint with the Supreme Court of India regarding the rape of a 16-year-old Garo girl. year on the 13th November 2012 at Wah Singsang with 17 people while returning from a funeral.
After the work, the village authorities informed him that the work is not adequate and when the MLA came to inspect, he witnessed the need to repair the road. daytime color.
The total number of cases in the state is 1178, 797 in East Khasi Hills, 94 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 43 cases in West Khasi Hills District, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills District and 12 cases in East Jaintia Hills District. cases in East Garo Hills District, 197 cases in West Garo Hills District, 12 cases in South Garo Hills District, 13 cases in North Garo Hills District and 4 cases in South West Garo Hill District.
“India will recognize the state in the name of the nation,” said Pangniang President of the party.
During the meeting, they informed the Prime Minister that even if they don't get a deficit, even if they get a deficit pattern, it would be better because they understand the problem of the state government in terms of funds.
Tura, July 11: Suspected ANVC(B) militants today detonated a bomb in Tura West Garo Hills at Hawakhana near a petrol pump. No one was injured in the incident.
Shops will be closed on Sunday.
Khasi women wear this traditional dress and it is very respected and it is often shown at competitions around the world where the whole world respects this traditional dress of the Khasi.
The meeting was led by Meghalaya Chief Minister Conard K Sangma and was attended by presidents of political parties and civil society leaders. he signed the letter.
According to sources, the Congress MDCs who have won twice in the MDC election, such as Hollando Lamin and Arbor Hima Darnei, will get the post of EM. There will be Independents who will get the post of EM and Congress MDCs who have just won will also get the post of EM.
The Government intends to improve the road between Shella and Wahrew.
The Union Home Secretary said that in these 11 states and UTs which have experienced the highest number of new COVID cases, no measures have been taken to implement preventive measures according to the number of cases. .
The Seng has always worked closely with the government and police authorities especially at this time when all the people are worried about the COVID-19 pandemic but after this incident they have been summoned. Members of the party, from now on, the party will go its own way to protect the nation through various means.
Leaders have left to provide condolences to one of the families who suffered a tragic incident where their house burnt down on 25.01.23 at Shnongpdeng.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today swore in the three MLAs from three constituencies in the mid-term elections. on the 2nd of this month.
The training was opened on 27th September 2017 at a ceremony in the presence of parents of school children, teachers and other invitees. MDC Mawkynrew Constituency was the chief guest.
The President of the KJNU urged the 60 MLAs to implement the ILP as they have already approved it in the House. or issue the ILP, as you have been elected or empowered to be the leaders and legislators of the state.
At present, although the Congress party has not yet decided who will be given the ticket, it is understood that it will go to the incumbent MP Vincent H Pala and Rev PBM Basaiawmoit who has been the candidate. of the HSPDP will contest as a joint candidate.
The middle of Nailar is long.
The EC today also decided to hold the Monilith Festival again but the date and venue have not been decided.
The Sordar on 16th March, 2008, announced that he had sold the land for the purpose of building schools for the benefit of the people. “He bought it, and the people were amazed,” said Bah Kharumnuid.
The BSF alleged that the seized sugar was used to smuggle to Bangladesh. It was kept in an empty house when the police and BSF raided the house. area.
There are 31 villages in Block-I under the Laban Nongphylut Doloiship, which includes three raids, Laban, Nongpyllut and Nongjrong. There are about 10618 residents, on this they want to get clarity.
Regarding the road, he said that the construction of the road has started to be repaired. This is the responsibility of NEEPCO. the light outlet will be finished soon.
The government has also appointed a magistrate-level inquiry and the report will be submitted soon.
In his resignation letter, Hima alleged that his resignation from the BJP was due to the bias in the party's work in Meghalaya under the leadership of Ernest Mawrie.
The Central Government has put in place many measures to assist these residents who have reached the age of 60 years and above whether it is in the treatment of diabetes or even in the provision of medical assistance. because they have no shepherds.
Police have registered a case against the drug traffickers and the investigation is ongoing.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, KHNAM Vice-President Thomas Passah said that the demand of the KHNAM to abolish the personal interview is to abolish the recruitment process. He said that the personal interview wastes the time of the officers and the government budget as well.
They don't work.
At the same time, the share that the state should have received from the central government has not decreased as expected.
Swami Achyuteshananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Shillong, Swami Vedasarananda, Assistant Secretary, doctors and staff of the dispensary were also present on the occasion.
These selected children receive free accommodation and schooling and other necessities. They were trained by special teachers from SAI. On the other hand, the GOC 101 congratulated the troops for taking the initiative to promote sports, at the same time encouraged these children to do well in all the sports they have done. This was the beginning of their entry into the army.
Therefore, the party strongly opposes this and we urge the District Councils to demand that the Government should remove this immediately.
On 3th November 2017, the Government has issued a Government Notice to set up a Chaiding Police Station and this police station will look after 79 villages under Samanda C&RD Block which formerly fell under Songsak. and Williamnagar Police Stations.
Speech on the 2022 Budget by Dr Neelam Rani, Associate Professor, Finance, IIM, Shillong, highlighted the opportunities for the state to move forward in the coming years.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani today confirmed the members of the Umpling Branch and elected Bah John Silvert Marbah as the President.
In the year 1860, when the foreigners introduced the house tax which the people of Jaintia had to pay, the Jaintia people gathered under the leadership of Kiang Nangbah.
The office bearers were sworn in by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
(MePDCL) from MeECL Mawsynram Division to Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO).
As a young officer he led the Bengal Sappers in the 1984 Republic Day parade.
Meetings will also be held with Self Help Groups of Women and Aqua Entrepreneurs supported by the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission (MSAM).
School children have to go to school to play because there are no teachers.
Larry P Warjri, Vice President of the Judo Federation of India and also President of the Meghalaya Judo Association sent their congratulations to the team.
These youths will be detained for four months at a place donated by the MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw at Mawkynroh-Umshing, Shillong. They will also be treated for their illnesses, as well as provided with assistance so that these young people can have a new life.
On the other hand, the Speaker recalled the year 1990 when the seat of the Speaker was used to overthrow the government.
Explaining on the allegation by the FKJGP that Dr. Habamut Lyngdoh has set up a private clinic in his quarter, Bah AS Kharnaior, General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities Mawsynram Area, said, “The village itself The Clinic has not been upgraded to a 'Private Clinic' and the Shnong itself has no complaint or complaint against the establishment of Dr. Habamut's Clinic. to the people who were sick, especially at night.
What the residents of Motphran are asking is that the work has been stopped and the question is how many years will it take to complete the construction of this multi-storey parking lot in Motphran. Work is still suffering from traffic jam in this area.
Meanwhile, Tanushri said that she needs to work hard to achieve this goal.
On this occasion, a briefing on the principles and objectives of the HFU was given by the President Commander Shangpliang.
Sohra MDC Titostarwell Chyne in the presence of PT Sawkmie, Eugenson Lyngdoh, Alantry Dkhar and relatives.
On Tuesday, some parts of the Golflink forest on the road from the Golf Club to Polo.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Chanbor War, Vice President Samla Phrang Law and other members of the Laskeiñ Circle were present.
After submitting the petition to the Chief Minister's Office, the President of HYC Nongstoin, Bah Lumlang Syiemlieh, said that the HYC Nongstoin has already requested permission to meet with the Chief Minister nine times. , but the prime minister has acted unfairly and has not invited them to speak.
At the same time, the union and the students have given until Tuesday, 9th November to release the fee or else they will hold a strike to demand the rights of the students.
East Jaintia Hills District Police on Thursday registered a case against the suspects involved in threatening the police while arresting the crowd who disrupted the public hearing held on Friday. in Thailand.
In fact, the PWD has already awarded the contract to build a dewbilat bridge in this area but the work has been suspended until these days for unknown reasons. The union alleged that it was the ease of the contractor who got the work.
He informed the farmers who took part in this day that the Government has increased the MSP of various agricultural products to benefit them.
The Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong, said that the collection of light bill could be T.1.5 crore or T.1 crore. income is less than that, but their experience is that they don't have that lack of payment for light.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said, “If I listen to the allegations, I don't have time to work. allegations of getting to work".
Nidhi Khare, Secretary, Consumer Affairs, conducted the meeting.
"Our vision in AmritKaal should be to provide services with easy, fast and universal access to justice," he added.
He said that he has called for this meeting to discuss how to do it with the cooperation of all. In this regard, he said that three pillars, Education, Engineering and Enforcement. “E” and the police have to inform the third “E” that they will call for this meeting.
Thanking the media as the pioneers, Thakur said, “I would like to thank the media for their efforts to spread yoga in India and around the world.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and the Dorbar of Mylliem Hima for giving Special Recognition to the Snap Paka. One of the ways to preserve the customs and traditions of the Bri u Hynniewtrep as it has been preserved by the ancestors since ancient times.
In Meghalaya, the NESO curfew has continued across the state with government offices empty, roads empty and markets closed across the state.
Two cases have been confirmed from East Jaintia Hills, one case from East Khasi Hills and three cases from Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, the minds of the youth are shaped by teachers who are truly the builders of the future of India.
On this occasion, Sonal, who was the chief guest, sent a special greeting to the families of the CRPF personnel. in the year
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Buam said that the village and the VDP have already handed over 1000 rupees to the police. at the police station in Dawki.
According to the estimates, the total revenue of the government will be T.14463 crore and the expenditure will be T.15786 crore, which shows that there is a shortage of T.1323 crore. .
The proceeds will help the poor children to purchase books, school uniforms, instrument boxes and other necessities, up to 3000 tyngka per child.
In his speech, Bah Lambor Malangniang said that as the leaders of the people, they will stand in front and the people will come from behind. He said that on the day they met with the Union Home Minister, they said, “Sangeh ia this Bill CAB”.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong met with President of India Droupadi Murmu on Saturday.
The cooperative from Mawkyrnot village under Pynursla Block has been awarded this award for the existence of a b aim bridge which has been used by jri trees in the past years. Now.
At present, the road to the Borosra market is in poor condition despite the central government receiving tens of crores of foreign currency from this market and also from the Bholangh market. It is one of the largest exporters to Bangladesh.
Those who wish to collect these questions can go to room 108 at the Additional Secretariat and the distribution of these questions will continue until the 31st of this month and the comments should be sent to the State Guest House. Complex (Taraghar), Ward's Lake Side, Shillong.
The SP said police have registered a case under the POCSO Act and Indian Penal Code and the investigation is ongoing.
He said India is following scientific knowledge in the struggle to develop vaccines while also seeking advice on ways to improve the distribution of these vaccines.
In his speech on the Salt Satyagraha launched in 1930 by Mahatma Gandhi and the Swadeshi Andolan.
The success of the app can be seen through the 26 lakh downloads of the app since its launch on November 13,
The suspension of scholarships for students has been widespread across the state.
The Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium in Lachumiere has been demolished for the construction of the Bhavan and the JN Sports Complex in Polo is also being demolished and rebuilt which has affected the sports. in the City.
The minister is holding talks with the principals and teachers of Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT), Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP), National Institute of Design (NID), National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) and The Footwear Design and Development Institute (FDDI) in New Delhi today.
“If they don't do that and if there is any incident, the state government should take responsibility because as we can see now, we can't talk to anyone else unless there are laws to protect us. The government at this time cannot introduce a law to protect us and take sting and if any tragic incident happens in the future the government will have to take responsibility and cannot blame the people or the civil society,” said Bah Rani.
The Risiang Area Unit of the FKJGP (FKJGP) has requested the PWD to repair the 6km road from Nongstoin to Risiang. The traffic passes through this road and can be cut off at any time.
“The recent incident in Bangladesh and also the arrest by the BSF of some people working across the border, from Bangladesh to India.
Shillong, March 2: About 750 residents of Mawphlang area have received free medical treatment from the Eastern Air Command (EAC). DC Agarwal, Principal Medical Officer, EAC, Shillong.
Njoy is one of three companies that have previously received FDA approval to produce these other types of cigarettes and known as vapes.
This was announced by Bah Sunshine Warjri, Chairman of the Seng Kur Warjri at a press conference where he requested all the parakurs from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep to attend the event.
All these articles talk about mental illness in the brain. The awareness campaign was led by Dr. Matgrik Sangma, District Nodal Officer in charge of mental illness. thought.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip that four persons were suspiciously walking near the forest of Jalaphet village in East Jaintia Hills District. book boxes and them.
There will also be awards ceremony for other rangkynsai and theikynsai who have excelled in their various fields.
The HYC also requests all political parties which have close ties with the BJP to set a strong rule that the BJP should not attack or harass or discriminate against different religions. It is better for them to stay away from their close relationship with this party which from time to time insults the Christian faith.
Police also arrested Kharphuli from the house of Sandon Kharlyngdoh. She was taken to Laban Police Station and taken to court today.
After the announcement that Bah Shillai has won the election as CEM of JHADC without any opposition, many MDCs have congratulated him on his election as CEM. of JHADC today.
There are 41 Test Centers in 7 states of the North East with 42 sites.
“This is the deprivation of the right to life and the deprivation of the rights of the youth.
The incidence of the disease from public places has decreased, but the incidence from household members and those who have close contacts has increased and this has happened now and may continue to increase in the coming days.
The AJYWO also expresses its deep sorrow for the tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills especially those from East Jaintia Hills District. “In the past few days, the residents of Jaintia Hills have died due to illness.
This is not the first time, but it happens every year until November which started in 2007 after the emergence of company factories in the area.
Seiborlang said that the suspects were driving a Maruti car number WB-24-K-3
He said that if the cooperative movement has to be strengthened, then its smallest unit, the PACS, has to be strengthened. Shah said if the PACS is not strong, the movement will relations with cooperative activities will not be strong.
On this occasion, Deputy CEM Pynshngian said that the EC has introduced the rules brought by the members of the House through a new amendment to the Bill and this amendment is as desired. and a member of the House of Representatives.
During this programme, the Seng has donated 6000 tyngka each and mementoes to 7 young girls who have passed the matric examination.
These PSCs should be able to provide adequate services to the public.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Ratacherra, Ma Khamsngurbha Pohiing, has expressed his satisfaction with the demand from the government to set up government offices in the border villages of the state. The Rangbah Shnong of Ratacherra said that the state itself can strengthen its operations by developing or upgrading the border villages which are like a stieh to protect the border of Meghalaya.
The KSU has found that since the Rangbah Shnongs were no longer allowed to be the Chairpersons of the VECs, there have been two authorities in the villages, one Dorbar Shnong and one Dorbar of the VEC. Many times the Rangbah Shnong is regarded as the syrnot of the village.
The GNLA members who surrendered to the police today were identified as Salman M Sangma, 23, Polning M Sangma, 23, both from Nengmandalgre village and Andresh T Sangma. All of them are from Nengsang District.
About 40 participants attended the competition.
Purno A Sangma as a people's leader has put the country and the people first in setting an example to the country which the party will follow.
Deputy CEM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy CEM in charge of Elaka Affairs, said that the election has been postponed and the date has been fixed on the 28th of this month. “This is according to the statement of the Dy CEM at the meeting today,” said Bah John Kharshiing.
This has shocked the leaders of HMYWO and also the leaders of FKJGP Upper-Shillong Circle because since ancient times these places in these parts of Lum Shyllong have been maintained and maintained by the The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima where the warnings or rules were also laid down for the offenders.
The award was presented by Merit Awards Market Research Pvt Ltd to all the selected experts in the field of cooking, food service and respect for consumers.
(SPNews).
NEHUSU has vowed to hold another strike if the Vice Chancellor does not immediately dismiss Rohit Prasad by 12 pm on Thursday and if he does not implement the demands for the welfare of the students of NEHUSU. In response, Prof. Shukla informed the students that Rohit Prasad has been appointed Contractually according to the Rules and Regulations of NEHU. “If you want a copy, I will give it to you,” said Prof. Shukla to the students. “This is not a decision taken by the Vice Chancellor himself. , but this is not the case with the Executive Council.
This is according to a statement sent at Raj Bhavan today.
“The Marwaris have suggested to us to talk to the Government to set a Minimum Support Price so that the farmers will not lose money,” he said.
The celebration of IDY has increased every year since the recognition of July 21 as International Yoga Day.
This has caused a lot of loss to the youth who apply for jobs because of the age and on the other hand, the youth who pass every year are waiting without any opportunity to apply for jobs.
He said he is pleased and hopes that the Institute will one day become the State of the Earth Institute where all the tests will be conducted here.
Another attraction is Wards Lake, where visitors especially the youth flock to take part.
On the other hand, KAS invites the people of the Khasi community to attend.
With this new method, the traders know everything related to the trade because the count will come on their mobile phones.
The Chief Minister said that the right amount with NTPC is not new, the government has paid T.100 crore and the right amount of T.400 crore the government will pay when the money is received from the Rural. Electrification Corporation.
Treibor said that recently he has seen with his own eyes that a group of soldiers have come to the market at the public market in Shillong and perhaps they may have gone to market in other places. within the state to where they live.
In his speech, Bah Jeo Joplin Marbaniang, one of the members of the Central Body of the party, said that any nation that still remembers the leaders of the party, that nation is a nation that live.
With the aim of promoting self-employment among the youth, it has been decided to look more closely at the loans under the 'Shishu' section followed by the 'Kishore' and 'Tarun' sections.
All this comes from determination and decisions regarding policies.
Khliehriat, July 23: The KSU Sumer Unit on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer of PWD(RDS) NEC Division Khliehriat. Samla Daraplang Salahe and other office bearers of the party.
The Election Commission will strive to ensure a fair and transparent election.
On the other hand, the traders have expressed why the Custom and Central Excise office has taken up to 10 years to convey this government notice to the traders and now it has sent suddenly to inform them about the government's change in coal. sha u mar cannot be obtained by buying from the market.
The program was held at Linsamer Farms, Kydemkulai, Ribhoi District on Saturday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Shillong Traffic Department has been working hard from time to time and has been looking for ways and means to improve the traffic in Shillong. Shillong: This time, the city of Shillong has been able to avoid traffic jams and this time they have covered the vehicles parked without a curb.
At the same time, it was suggested that the offices of the BDOs should assist the Town Committees to expedite the work of those under the KHADC. To set up Town Committees and to send them to the Government so that the Government can empower them under Section 2 (i) of the Meghalaya Town & Country Planning Act 1973 which empowers the Government. to give permission to any authorities to assist the government authorities in the implementation of this Act.
On the 7th of this month, Saralinda Kharphuli kidnapped the daughter of Shibari Khyriem from Marbisu and on receiving this information, the village conducted a search operation and later informed the police.
To address false beliefs regarding vaccination and encourage people to get vaccinated.
“I am shocked to receive this recognition.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla today led a group of MDCs to meet with the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to urge the government to expedite the process. sent to the Governor of the State for approval in respect of this Bill.
Shillong, June 09: The certificate distribution ceremony for the 99th batch of Computer Trainees and the 38th Batch of Mother Tongue Trainees of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was held in Shillong today. tomorrow, Saturday.
Minimon Laloo, General Secretary, AIPC, Meghalaya Chapter, said.
The village of Mawlai Iewrynghep also wishes this young man to reach his goal of working well for the village and the country.
The aim of this program is to fight against the use of plastic in the environment by raising awareness among the villagers to set an example.
Speaking to SP News Agency, KSU General Secretary Samla Donal V Thabah said that the KSU, the villagers and the land owners today went to remove these banars. The purpose of the school is to express their opposition to the fact that this should be a college when it is a university.
Regarding the admission to NEHU for MA, he said that NEHU has extended the deadline for students to submit their application forms until the 10th of this month. The application deadline is the 5th of this month.
When SP News Agency received this news, it went to inquire from those who sell shallan at the Shillong Bar Association.
He said that he will write to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of India regarding this action of the army under the 58-GTC because the law is the law. it is like oppressing and afflicting the people.
We elect equally 'who has the majority' does not mean 'majority' but 'consensus' means the foundation of the Khasi Dorbar Synshar is not the majority but the one who has the majority. (at least 90 out of 100).
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and search operation to arrest the suspects.
Many priests from the Salesians, church leaders, teachers and students of St. Joseph Secondary School were present on this occasion.
There have been 250 recoveries in the state today, mostly in Ri Bhoi District 71, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 44,7
“I have been in the political arena since 2023.
On the other hand, the FKJFP urges the law enforcement agencies to take action.
The incident happened at Mawthong village, about 20 kilometers from Mawkyrwat.
“If this road is paved, the distance will be only 2 kilometres, but now we have to walk 7-8 kilometers every day,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The banks that were closed today are State Bank of India Mawkyrwat Branch, ICICI Mawkyrwat Post Office and Mawkyrwat Post Office.
At the meeting, chaired by Kasuri Amarnath, Convener of the committee from Andhra Pradesh, said the delegation's visit to Shillong was to understand the welfare of the committee. journalists in the State and what government departments as well as politicians, perceive the work of journalists in the State these days.
Nongstoin, Nailar 24: A meeting of four Bhalang organizations including HANM, HPSO, WYWC and WPM in West Khasi Hills District today decided to impose a curfew. on the 27th of this month and will end on the 28th of this month.
The meeting was led by Bah Pius Rani Executive Director NESFAS, Merisha Nongrum. The meeting was chaired by the parents from Umsawwar, Mawkynre Block and Plasha Umling Block. , Lighthouse, Sohra.
The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong urges the Government to be vigilant against such incidents where foreigners enter and leave at will.
He also directed the meat vendors to be clean and not to smuggle meat in front of their shops as it is unclean to look at.
to urge the KHADC authorities to think carefully on the Village Administration Bill because on the one hand they have expressed their desire to get the Village Administration Bill, but on the other hand There are many provisions in the BILL which require clear explanations to protect the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima.
Then he went to the Catholic Church, Mawlai, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Total 29 candidates have contested the mid-term MDC election for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Referring to Meghalaya, the Congress party has demanded the implementation of the MRSS Act which was passed by the House during the Congress government.
When contacted by phone, the Shillong Cantonment Board said that the employees are no longer in the office and it is impossible to answer at present as the authorities are not available.
There are 231 cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 86 cases from East Khasi Hills District, 54 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 50 cases from West Khasi Hills. there were 3136 of them.
On the other hand, HANM North West Khasi Hills was led by its President, Bah Bobby Basaiawmoit.
Shillong, March 31: Meghalaya today celebrated the Unity Day in many states with the taking of the oath to maintain unity.
In addition, there have been complaints that some YouTubers have posted 'Press' signs on their vehicles.
Sadhu said that in the case of drugs, the court is in the process of issuing a report and therefore it is necessary for them to act according to the law.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Round Table India 252, Shillong for doing this great work to promote education in Meghalaya. He said that he has always donated 3.5 lakh tyngka from his monthly salary to build schools in the villages and if the MLAs work together it will be of benefit to the people.
No casualties were reported when police were on their way from Tura to Williamnagar in East Garo Hills when suspected GNLA militants detonated a bomb.
The Lamphang, in his speech, also stressed on the importance of taxes to promote the development of the country and the state and urged the owners of vehicles to pay taxes on time to avoid the taxes. fines for late payment of taxes by vehicle owners.
LED lights and solar power stations for agriculture and other purposes in Meghalaya.
He said that in his personal opinion, Dr Donkupar Roy is a great man and he is a strong man and it is difficult for political party leaders to win the election nine times but Dr. Donkupar Roy is a great man. Donkupar won and this shows his greatness.
In the past two months, the Central Government has provided assistance to the States by providing oxygen concentrators, oxygen tanks and PSA plants.
We also request our Khasi brothers and sisters not to burn the fire again,” he added.
The Village Leaders of Laitkroh Constituency said that the Public Hearing has been held only at the District Head Quarters, Nongpoh, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat and Shillong for all the 29 unacceptable and unfounded constituencies.
In the second match, KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle defeated KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit in the same manner.
May God bless you and keep you healthy in all aspects, said Ohibait Dkhar President.
: With the aim of improving the traffic in the Polo and Madanrting areas, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has decided to introduce some changes in the traffic rules on a trial basis. In the Polo area, vehicles from 4th Furlong Junction will not be allowed to enter Polo.
This will strengthen our small scale industries.
However, this party is different from others. It looks after the welfare of the state. This party does not act like other parties. only.
“After many petitions for Civil Sub-Division during the MUA-II government, they have not been successful.
In the past, there were only Garo and no Khasi. In the past, the Garo Rangbah Shnongs were told but there was a group of Sengbhalang who opposed the issuance of Sanad.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Replying in writing to an unstarred question by Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem MLA Sohra, the Minister of State for Industry and Family Welfare, Shillong, said that at present there is no scheme to retire. Voluntary Retirement Scheme for the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited.
At the same time, the Prime Minister urged the officers to use their knowledge and skills for the benefit of the people and to bring about change in the country. life of the people.
On September 9, 2011, Bah Balawan Pala was taken to the Police Station and shot without mercy for failing to pass the RRP to Laitumkhrah. Constable at Madanrting Police Station.
He said that since he was elected as the Governor of Bihar, he has worked as the head of the state to do anything without any partiality or partiality but he has do something for the benefit of the people of the country and the region.
Selected participants will have the opportunity to attend the conference in Ujjain.
He also spoke about the achievements in improving the working methods of the police.
On this day, at the dupat shop, there were many elders who performed the rituals in which they were dressed in suit and shor at this place to pray and pray with the umkisar, the silver water and the khaw mon u. khawser and after the ritual, the monk's khaw haw ser was distributed to the people to protect themselves.
The Chief Minister said that he has discussed this issue with the Minister of State for Railways and during the discussion it has become clear that the Central Government and the State Government will not implement this road. railway to Khasi Hills without the approval of the people.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Police Department has lodged a complaint in the Suo Moto Case.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U MLA Saleng A Sangma has inaugurated the party office of the National People's Party (NCP) in Nongstoin in the presence of party officials.
The KSU has also taken this step to encourage the students to prepare better for other examinations at higher levels of education.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The United Democratic Front (UDF) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. The House has decided to implement the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) in the state.
At this public meeting, Bah Kyrmen expressed his gratitude to Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh and Bah Justin Dkhar, former MLAs of this constituency who have worked hard to open this school. bridge.
The highlight of this year's campaign is the joint launch of the SHS Campaign by three Union Ministers which is a sign of the collaboration of various departments to achieve 'Swachh Bharat' as envisaged by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Naitung 14: There are 32 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 9 in North Garo Hills, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 20 in West Garo Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
On the day of the incident, two men came and called Bahlieh and when he heard the call, he opened the door and they cleaned.
SGST revenue collections, together with payments released to the States after the implementation of GST from 2017-18 to 2022-23, have resulted in a buoyancy of
Other areas which have been declared as containment areas are Malki Nongshilliang, Nongmynsong Lumkdait, Mawiong Rim, Mawlai Umjaiur. Other places include Lumshyiap Nongmynsong, Umshing Umpapung, Mawlai Mawtawar, Mawlai Nongpdeng, Mawbah Barapathar, Nongrah Dongktieh, Malki Chinapatty, Block II of Lumpyngad. signal unit and the house of Rauf Ahmed building Keating Road as containment area.
Those who wish to withdraw from Aadhaar can go to the KSU Central Body Office, Shillong, Nongstoin under the auspices of KSU Nongstoin Circle and Mawkyrwat under the auspices of Maw Circle.
The purpose of the construction of this road from Lapangap to Barato is to connect the road from Lapangap, Shiabnai to Sanaro, Namdong Jowai. Jaintia Hills Ma Garod LSN Dykes on the issues faced on the border and to request for the implementation of the PMGSY road to facilitate the traffic of the people of Lapangap.
According to police sources, the occupants of the house were identified as Santoh Chhetri, Raj Chhetri and Arjun Chhetri. from the flame of the fire.
Referring to reports that GNLA members have returned to the forest, the Prime Minister said that the duty of any government, including his own government, is to to maintain peace and stability and this is the priority.
After the meeting between the MPFWA and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiamoit, he said that the MPFWA should look into the documents and issue trading license to foreigners. There is only one Rangbah Shnong but it consists of twenty Rangbah Shnongs and a Dorbar Shnong.
He said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has said that the main goal of the currency exchange is to fight against the concealment of money laundering which is known as corrupt money. and this has brought about a change in the way of using money in the payment of goods in the market.
Pyndap said he had told Adelbert that he would retire and hand over the post of president to him at the end of his term in the General Council which should be held in 2019, but he did not. I don't want to be strong and powerful.
The Prime Minister said that the family has a close relationship with the former President of India. The Prime Minister prays that the soul of the deceased will rest in peace.
The CEC cannot list all the works he has done and contributed to the service of the Jaidbynriew, but as the leaders of the CEC we would like to express that he has fulfilled his duty as a son. The leader of the nation until the last days of his life.
The situation in India as a whole and the governance in India is something that we have to think about.
Regarding the strike by the MEMRIWU workers, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that no decision has been taken yet. today.
The current owners of this factory are the Government, the Sohra Hima where the factory is located and the Mawmluh Hima where they mine Mawshun to make dewbilat. The government has called for talks once again.
The Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw, which started at the Khasi School in Mawkhar, has been relocated to Jaïaw due to the lack of space. you are a hundred years old.
The Governor of Meghalaya said that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the income of the people across the state. Meghalaya Mission” and under this government will spend T.14,515 crore on development works over the next three years.
The suspects were arrested by the Assam Police, BSF and CRPF. They were arrested on suspicion of movement of these people in the Jumati Ghat area.
At the same time, it was urged that as a kur, we should not follow tyneng because this bud tyneng leads to tragic incidents because many times it leads to grief. where you kind.
Regarding the Municipal Councils, the meeting will recommend to the Central Government not to disclose this word within the framework of the amendment without disclosing this word.
This shows that the government has no responsibility for the Khasi people and if the government does not have such a responsibility, the party will not hesitate to take various actions to protect the rights of the Khasi Khara.
The MJAC also admitted that despite the search and stop of the trucks 12 to 15 times, the smuggling of coal is still going on. in the East and West.
It is on this day that all Muslims have expressed their unity during this holy month by fasting for 30 days from sunrise to sunset. sep the day.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday said that the government has listened to the demands of the people of the state who have been demanding for many years. The allegation that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has failed to implement the demands is unacceptable.
IIM Shillong conducts many activities to promote collaboration between workplaces and educational institutions such as workplace visits, speeches by specially invited people and seminars where experts from workplaces talk. and teachers, and offer insights from their experiences.
On the other hand, Bangladesh has come to the Dawaki and Umsyiem borders.
The 20th meeting of the CPA, India Region, Zone III is being held at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Rilbong, Shillong.
On the other hand, Sangma said they knew what was happening around them but they did not expect that there would be such a struggle in the name of the farmers.
Mr. Willberth Rani also gave his speech.
Police urge the public to cooperate with the government in the fight against drug traffickers who want to destroy the youth with these illegal beverages.
Therefore, the government has requested more funds from the House to fill the gap before the end of the 2023-2024 fiscal year in October .
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle led by Assistant Organizing Secretary Samla Korbar Marthong and members of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle have seized a pickup number AS18 AC 6193 which was loaded with foreigners. They were coming from Assam and entered through the Infiltration Check Gate at Aradongnga village.
These trees are more than 170 years old according to the Forest Officers.
However, the union has always found that there are offices or companies which do not take into account these special days of the jaidbynriew by holding work on such days.
Shillong, July 13: Two couples from West Bengal, Pradip Biswa and Sangita Bisawa, have visited Meghalaya on a bicycle as part of a campaign to preach to the villagers of the state. especially the wealth of nature and its surroundings.
In another letter, the villages wrote that they are against those people who tried to overthrow the Syiem of the Hima.
The match was very interesting and impressed the spectators as both the teams were very good and no one could score even after the end of the first half.
According to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), Dr BDR Tiwari, the turnout in Shillong Parliamentary seat was 73.78 per cent, while in Tura it was 81.37 per cent.
Everyone has done the right thing but there is no right path, by the order of the Meghalaya High Court, the Meghalaya government has now had to do the right thing, regarding this order of the Meghalaya High Court. The Meghalaya government welcomes the decision to implement the regulation of the number of government employees.
Secretary—Rajoo Sharma, Treasurer—A.L.Lapang and ten executive members   -D.Shira, C.H.Passah, M.M.Thaiang, Lambok Thabah, Prof Thomas Lim, Philip Philip Marwein, V.Nongsiej, Anthony N.Nongbri, S.S.Syiem and Starfing Pdahkasij
This year, one of the pandals of Nasingagra has made a statue of Shandrayan-3 and other pandals have also made their own statues according to their wishes in which thousands of people have gathered. to visit the various pandals in Shillong.
Before the public meeting, there will be a march from the party office from Jaiaw Chapel Road to the parking lot in Motphran and the party invites everyone to take part in this march.
The family members found the mother injured at her residence at about 3 pm and immediately informed the village authorities and police.
At present, it is not known what is inside the petition.
In a statement sent on Thursday, NESO Chairman Samuel B.Jyrwa said that NESO would like to remind the people of the North East that on the 11th November, 2019, despite the strong opposition of the minorities of the North East to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2019, the Government of India has not been satisfied and finally through the Rajya Sabha has passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill. tip as per the Citizenship (Amendment) Act
They also submitted a petition to the Minister on this issue and the ban on the sale of land has been in place for two months.
Referring to the deployment of police to patrol, he said that in the past there were four PSOs but the reason for the election was that two PSOs were taken away and now there are only two PSOs. .
In the budget presented in the Legislative Assembly today, the Chief Minister has not introduced any new tax except for coal which has been increased from T.290 per tonne. it costs T.675 per tonne.
“We understand the shortage, but where will we go?” said L Marbaniang.
Also by allocating T.920 crore for the construction of 39 Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) as part of the development of education,” he said.
In terms of funds, the Government of India has allocated T 48,000 crore for these 100 cities.
On the allegation by Bah Samlin Mallangniang MDC Sohiong that the CEM has distributed the work orders, this is the EC which has handed over to the MDC to distribute the schemes, because the schemes have been requested by the Rangbah Shnongs. .
The three candidates who contested the MLA election in 2013, Bah Munu Paul Muktieh contested as an independent candidate with 2030 votes, Dr Osaphi S Jyrwa contested as an independent candidate with 2030 votes. Highlander Kharmalki of the UDP received 3287 votes and Highlander Kharmalki of the UDP received 4170 votes.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation said that in the last nine years, the number of Internet users in the country has increased by 250 percent and the price per GB has increased by 250 percent. data has decreased by 96 percent, which has helped the poor and low-income people to use the service.
The establishment of these two medical colleges will greatly assist the youth who wish to study medicine in their own state and at the same time the health facilities for The people of the state will also improve in the years to come.
: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) today celebrated its 30th anniversary of serving and looking after the welfare of teachers teaching in Adhoc Upper Primary Schools. are in the entire state.
On the other hand, the employees of the MTC demanded that the authorities should also pay the pension to the retired persons who are entitled to receive it, but this too they receive because the Board she had no money so she couldn’t afford to pay the workers.
The International Tourism Mart is one of the largest in the states of the North East.
On the other hand, Bah Never Makdoh, General Secretary of the Youth Congress from Mawhati and also from the Youth Congress from Thad village and the entire group left the party to give their full support. to Mr. James.
Sickle Cell Disease is an inherited blood disease that affects the life of a person with the disease.
At present, the UDP is a group within the EC of the PDF and if there is any difference it should be discussed within the PDF because Bah Shylla is now an MDC and a legislator, he is not. shisha is a public figure.
If there is a shortcoming on the part of the designers, the Design Associate, on the part of the construction company, will have to take responsibility. The HPC has not yet decided on the formation of the Assembly.
Other civil society organizations like JSU, HANM led by President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and other organizations and private individuals laid a wreath in honor of this hero of the Khasi-Pnar people. On the same day, an explanation was also given regarding Kiang Nangbah.
Judo is the only martial art to have been competed in the Olympics since 1964 and 1984 for both men and women.
Regarding the border with Assam, “We have continued talks with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to appoint a Border Commission regarding the border issue.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Shillong Circle takes this opportunity to wish all the students of Hynniewtrep who will sit for their various examinations in the coming days.
This decision was taken by the ASHAs at a meeting of the Executive Committee.
Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) and exports have increased significantly in the past six years.
In a statement sent today, the KSU said that they have done this to protest against the decision of the Naduh Health Department of the state government and as part of the pressure on the MLAs and MDCs of the South. West Khasi Hills District to take action on health issues.
The Minister of AYUSH also launched the Common Yoga Protocol Book in Braille Script to support those with visual impairments who want to learn how to practice yoga.
The meeting was also attended by Bipen Pradhan, who is in charge of the development of the Cantonment.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Speaker of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) Pasang D Sona, while speaking at the 20th Zone III session of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly (CPA), said that the Internet in all the villages in the North East is more important than ever.
While the measures taken by the State Governments and Union Territories are on the right track, the lack of consistency in the taking of safety measures as well as in their implementation will not be in line with the objectives of the controlling the spread.
This event is part of the celebration of World Water Day 2014, with the financial assistance of the Voluntary Action 2011-12 of the District Planning District, East Khasi Hills.
All the 25 vehicles that were fined today were those with even number plates which were not allowed to drive today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Bah H Lyngdoh Sangriang, Sordar of Mawthabah Village, on Tuesday said that the residents of four villages of Mawthabah, Nongbahjynrin, Nongtynger and Domiasiat have not received light for three years despite the completion of MeECL. to deliver electrical signals to the area.
The Government of India has informed the States and UTs about this change. The CoWIN schedule has also been changed according to this change which extends the period between the two doses of Covishield to 12-16 months.
The Governor said he does not like to hear the word 'mainstream' as it is heard when talking about other parts of the country.
SP City BD Marak said that unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Transport Commissioner. damage.
Shillong, July 30: A female peon of the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the Meghalaya government has sent a complaint against the Director to the Principal Secretary and Under Secretary alleging that the Director has dismissed her. because you don't have to stay overnight in the quarter.
Think carefully before you speak or criticize others so that you don't become like a frog who suffers from troubles with his mouth.
On the other hand, Prestone urged the HSPDP not to resolve this issue so that the government can bring development projects to the people of the state who need development projects.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with the Prime Minister's Secretary, Raiwan Sohtun said the government should pass a law to allocate 80% of the jobs in the private sector for the purpose of state owners from companies and other employers.
We must end the darkness and uncertainty from this disaster by moving forward toward clarity and determination.
Secondly, MeECL has 251 registered suppliers, more than 400 contractors and about 500 electrical contractors. It is sad to see that these days it is handed over to the companies and the companies turn it over to the local contractors because they know the land.
The state government's share in the company was previously T.2000 crore and has now been increased to T.3000 crore.
The HSPDP has been in power for 52 years and the UDP for 26 years.
The Group also informed the Prime Minister that from the latest news it has been learned that the Government will introduce the CAB in the Session which will start from 18th November and as announced by the President. the BJP and the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Many of the candidates who want to contest the MDC elections in 2019 to the KHADC and JHADC are still confused whether the elections will be held in June or not. Lber, as it is not yet clear whether the Central Government will introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule in this session of Parliament.
The Empowered Group on Facilitation of Transportation and other activities has reported on recommendations on measures to be taken to curb the spread of the disease.
On the other hand, the BJP leader confirmed that the party will contest the mid-term elections.
The group also said that about 2,000 years ago there was a prayer that said, “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing”.
In November this year, the MPUF sent a petition to the State Government through the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to express its opposition to the proposal to build the railway line without implementing the strict laws. .
The trust and confidence of the people which has increased in the last 5 years will encourage us to continue working for the country.
Being a priest is not easy but it is difficult to be humble in spirit to serve others.
The Video Bronchoscope Machine was funded by the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth. .
He admitted that the traders have used many tricks to increase the price.
Experts from the Meghalaya Non-Conventional and Rural Energy Development Agency (MRDA) gave a detailed explanation on the steps taken on how to use renewable energy and their ability to operate. within the state.
Since its inception, the party has received 2 MPs, 54 MLAs and 60 MDCs. Pangngiang said that the strength does not depend on the number of paid but on the leader and Martle is now in charge. The great leader who followed Bah Hoping did not come to the door of God.
The petition said that the demand for a state of its own is in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India. the language they speak.
The states with the lowest laws include Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura.
Also present on the occasion were Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit Vice President, Gagan Jain, Wankitbok Pohshna, State General Secretary Everist Myrsing, State Secretary Dr Bernadette Lyngdoh and other party officials. Dr. Rita Tariang's party.
Also present on the occasion was Bah S Thamar SP of the District and other officials from government offices in the district.
All 29 MDCs who won the MDC elections have arrived in the House.
He also explained about the ODOP initiative of the Central Government and the victory of Shynrai Lakadong.
Tripash Sangma, a Garo man from Jorabad, Ri-Bhoi District, has lost his life after being hit by a truck at Lad Umroi on Tuesday. u Blei at about 9:00 am.
The opening ceremony was held at Hamsadhwani Theatre, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
On the other hand, the traffic police of Laitumkhrah and Madanrytieng have been working hard to arrest illegal vehicles.
The distribution of vaccines to all is ongoing and people have followed the rules to receive the vaccines when their turn comes.
Also present on the occasion were the Superintendent of MCH Jowai Dr. E. War, Project Director of MACS Dr. B. Decruse, Incharge DM&HO Dr. K Dhar and others.
“The Commission has met with the victim, the child and the management of the Civil Hospital.
This is a demonstration of the determination, progress and unity of our brothers and sisters from Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh.
This step will ensure the fertility of farmland and good income for the farmers.
The CCP has also promised to keep the names of the informants confidential and will be awarded with an Income Tax exemption reward.
The Chief Minister of Nagaland has said that as the North Eastern Region of India, we should unite to discuss the issues related to the region to the Central Government as a responsibility. niew bein of the people of this area.
The demand for ILP is the demand of the people of the state, that the ILP should be implemented in the state, the state government will continue to follow up on this, the minister said. It cannot be said that it will happen within a few days but the talks should continue.
The closure is for all shops which have received permission from the government and also for those who sell kyiad pyrsi on this day.
Receiving the vacancy on the Treasury Bench, Dr Mukul brought up a Point of Order and said that the Rule states, “The Minister in charge of the department shall not leave the House. without the permission of the Lamphang.
Shillong, March 09: The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma today said that the state has 260 schools with less than 10 students.
The Central Government also funds the festivals of the Rit Paid, to conduct research on the Rit Paid and the Central Government also holds exhibitions of the works of the Rit Paid.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to rescue the victims but could not do anything else. to recover the bodies of these three persons from the river at 8.30 pm tonight.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court today overturned the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on the ban on coal mining in the state. 1957.
Mr  Vijaybhai Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat, MrJ P Nadda, Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Smt.
The competition will be held on 9th November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
On the other hand, if the NPP comes to power, its mission will be to lead the state in the right direction in all aspects.
On the same day, the Commission also launched the state report and a song entitled “Vote for Sure”.
Tura, July 19: The Wushu competition at the 5th Meghalaya Games, 2024 came to an end on Friday.
The Commission has sent a notice to the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya to conduct an inquiry into the incident and to submit a detailed report to the Commission within 15 days. which was sent to the media on Tuesday.
The rice arrived is from East Khasi Hills District.
Many of the students who go to the area have to stay in hostels until they get accommodation , but if they have their own government house it will help them to stay temporarily while they are looking for accommodation for the education of the youth.
The committee will continue to take action in this regard by holding public meetings to raise awareness at various levels so that the government schemes can be implemented in the right manner. for the benefit of the people.
