During his tenure as Speaker, AT Mandal had tried to start the construction of the Legislative Assembly but it could not succeed as the elections to the Legislative Assembly had come.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Leaders of Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Umjaiur Unit and Mawlai Circle today 19/5/2020 continued to distribute relief goods to 40 families affected by the lockdown.
Tura, Naiwieng 18: Former CEM of GHADC Denang T Sangma has demanded that the incumbent CEM Boston Ch Marak should resign immediately for not paying the salaries of the employees of GHADC. which has remained for 14 months.
Azadi The Amrit Mahotsav has witnessed more than 2 lakh programs held across the country with the active participation of the people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today met with two young women who have come to Japan to work as nurses at Kobe Kaisei Hospital, Kobe, Japan.
When contacted by the sellers, they said that they buy the seeds from Mizoram and sell them to the farmers especially to the seed farmers in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 20: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) today met with the Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah HM Shangpliang to discuss the issue of There is a suspicion of corruption within the JHADC which has exceeded Rs 2 crore.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya will be able to compete in the regional and international beauty pageants as well as the final pageant will be held in November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium. , Shillong, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.2.80 lakh.
They are the daughter of Vee Carenicia Lamare.
The coal trucks were driven from Rwiang to Langpih and the coal was freshly mined, she said.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that all 43 persons have been sent for quarantine.
The Returning Officer of the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency has informed that the filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MLA election will be held at Room 308-A of Bah FS Basan. on 8th March 2021 from 11.00 am to 3.00 pm.
General Secretary- Samla Silsrang.
He expressed the hope that the Agro Food Park in Babadam has become a successful model and will serve as an example to other parts of the state.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the government will look into what can be done for the school. but whether the school can meet the requirements.
The card is valid only in nine states of the North East, Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Mizoram.
In parts of the road from Mawkaphan to Langsya, there is a need to clean up the dewbilat to make it easier for vehicles to pass each other when they meet halfway. Last month, he went to walk on this road to meet those who died in the landslide in Kenmynsaw.
The main areas of focus of this Campaign are the resolution of public complaints.
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah urged the people to come forward and inform the government by calling 108, because the government alone cannot do anything because it is not easy to kill people. He urged people to come forward and tell.
In an explanation, the Returning Officer said that according to the complaint, the VPP supporters shouted slogans and this disrupted the meeting and had to be adjourned prematurely.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development today visited a jhur farm in the village. Lawsonton.
May the God of peace be with them at this time when they are experiencing a dark light in their families.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Seven days after the meeting with the Congress leaders in Meghalaya, Mukul Wasnik and CP Joshi have left for Meghalaya. MPCC President Langpang, Working President Deborah Marak and CEM of KHADC Bah Pynsnghiang have been summoned to the AICC today.
Until they receive Aadhaar, this scheme should be given to those people only if they have to prove that they have Aadhaar photo slip, Bank Pass Book, Post Office Pass Book, Pan Card, Passport, Ration cards, Voter ID, Driving License, village ID card issued by the Rangbah Shnong or Nokmas if they have not yet registered for Aadhaar.
Rajeev Chandarsekhar said the agreement is in three areas namely digital resources for the public, cyber security and digital skills.
The  National Confederation of Human Rights Organization (NCHRO), National Women’s Front, Junior Front, Empower India Foundation and Rehab Foundation, Kerala as an ‘illegal organisation’ under the provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.
Prizes will be awarded to the winners of these competitions by the Central Bureau of Communication.
Kharbani said that although the government cannot do anything to protect the border from the invasion of Assam, the party will not hesitate to do whatever is necessary to go and clear it. The border stones of Assam have been forcibly planted.
KSU Khliehriat Circle General Secretary Cherity Sujta said that the KSU will take other decisions if the government does not do as they have promised.
“If the government in power doesn't understand that one day those people who are foreigners are right or not Indians and enter our state, they will get them. They steal documents from here and there, they live in the villages, they work, they get jobs and the day will come when they will even take over the rule of law.
Rev P Hynniewta, Bah Rudy H Shangpliang, on this occasion, on this occasion, enriched the occasion with songs and the participation of many elders of the area.
This directive has been sent to all the Regional Officers and Project Directors to look into this as the NHAI has decided that the highways in the country should be in good condition.
The meeting was attended by two MPs from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ma Vincent H Pala of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and Conrad K Sangma President of NPP who is also MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency. The meeting was attended by Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Legal Adviser of MSSASA-CB. in the State of Meghalaya.
The house belongs to Kong Rati Nongtdu.
The scrutiny of the nomination papers of the candidates who have registered for the Lok Sabha elections will be held tomorrow morning and the candidates who wish to withdraw from the contest will be held on the 29th. /3/2024.
Lambok Starwell Marngar has been elected as President without any opposition. Biangbor L Paliar has been elected as Vice President without any opposition. Donald V Thabah won the post of General Secretary without any opposition.
In his opinion, the judge in his report said that when entering the homes of people, nothing should be done at a time that could harm the public. and they shall be ready with those things which cannot be found in the night, or in the light of the night.
“At present, after not receiving funds from the central government, many villages have been slow to implement this scheme but now hope has come back to the villagers because of this. The Minister of State for Home Affairs has promised to release the funds for the state soon”.
Shillong, July 18: The Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) under the chairmanship of Anand Sharma today arrived in Shillong to meet with the Autonomous District Councils and civil society organizations of the state on the proposal to introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule known as the Sixth Schedule.
The rules are that the Department of Agriculture shall notify the buyers and farmers, at the same time arrange with the market operators, the entry and exit points, as well as the farmers. parking lots.
“This is just a ploy of the police when they don't have time to arrest anyone and said that Bah Tarson is only a member of the peace talks and he is not a member or supporter of the peace talks. HNLC. He is the only one who supports Bah Sadon, the ksiang in the peace talks.
Mantiphrang said that the strike which started again today and will end on the 16th of this month will not affect the electricity supply as they call only one and two substations from each substation. there are 56 in the state.
Referring to the UDP which has announced the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Prestone said it is its responsibility and it has done its part and if it is other parties in the Regarding the decision of NPP President Conrad K Sangma that the NPP will contest in all 25 parliamentary constituencies in the North East, including Prestone said that this is only a discussion and no decision has been taken.
Besides, the Dorbar Shnong Wahsiej also awarded the honor of hero to an elderly man, Bah Lambok Thongni who went alone to recover the bodies.
Samla Banshai Marbaniang as a community leader strongly condemned the perpetrators and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should immediately find out the facts of the murder of Banialam Marbaniang.
Officials of the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Shillong under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Finance, Government of India who received detailed information from the intelligence agencies that a vehicle coming from Silchar, was involved in the incident. A Tata Punch vehicle was seized from Nongmensong, Shillong on Tuesday evening.
KP Pangniang, President of the party, said that although there are laws to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state, the party has sent a letter to the Minister. Rangbah to make it clear that as a party, we are against the CAB which the central government intends to implement.
Shillong, July 07: The Lynshing Village Council has requested foreigners who have business relationships with the villagers not to enter and leave the village without the knowledge of the village.
In the 2nd Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency, Saleng A Sangma INC won with 383,919 votes against Agatha K Sangma NPP with 228,678 votes and defeated by 155,241 votes.
The Chief Minister's statement came after reports that the Chief Minister may contest the MLA elections in 2023 from the two Assembly constituencies. The Chief Minister has made it clear that he will contest only from the South Tura Assembly Constituency.
The members of the Academic Council, including professors, representatives of the president, the students' union of the university and senior teachers and the state government, on the part of the three unions urged Prof. XP Mao, President of NEHUTA, has said that the amendment of the Statue Para 2(2a) of NEHUTA is only for the purpose of amending the Statue. The full VC, the rule stipulates that the temporary VC cannot do this but the temporary VC has now put it on the agenda at the meeting to be held online tomorrow morning. The Academic Council will accept the request of the interim VC tomorrow morning and will appeal to the President of NEHU. India, to the Chancellor, the UGC and the Executive Council to ensure that they do not approve the decision of the Academic Council to be held tomorrow.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the proposal to extend the term of office of the KHADC and JHADC for another six months.
Despite being the danger man, he found himself with plenty of room to head in a corner untroubled by defenders for what was his sixth goal of the season.
At present, Vincent H. Pala is the Congress MP from Shillong while Agatha K. Sangma is the NPP MP from Tura seat in the Lok Sabha.
Dr Mukul said the allocation for Meghalaya for Naiwieng is T.262.06 crore, but the central government has allocated only T.145.61 crore. The deficit amounted to T.116.45 crore.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister urged the health department to strengthen the health department. he is faithful.
Therefore, the Federation will wait for a few days and if the Prime Minister does not speak, they will hold a protest in Shillong to force the government to implement the rights of people with disabilities. The Right of Persons with Disabilities Act,
Regarding the BJP candidates for the 2018 MLA election, he said that they will start looking into them after the visit of the Prime Minister to the state on Saturday. come.
“We are also proud to say that even the Students' Union in the North East has been led by the former President of the KSU, Bah Samuel Jyrwa who is now the Chairman of NESO”.
Referring to the KHADC, he said that the most important thing for him now is to look into the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule and this is the most important thing because as the KHADC will There are 40 MDCs and out of these four, two women and two others have to be appointed.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Prem said that at present, there are 140 students from North East and 7 students from Meghalaya. for the welfare of children they take only 20 per year.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The National People's Party (NPP) has not been invited to a meeting convened by the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF). NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem said that the meeting was held at the NPYF.
Shillong, October 27 : The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority will be conducting a Cell Broadcast Alert System testing in Meghalaya on October 30, 2023.
The Chief Minister also met with MoS Kiren Rijiju, Minister of Home Affairs and RK Singh, Minister of Power.
In the women's category, Naorem B Devi of Manipur finished in 2:57:18 seconds.
Therefore, the writing of Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC that the decision of the Supreme Court on the case of Kong Byrhien has nothing to do with the ILP issue does not stand.
Congress candidate Boston Marak has admitted that he has MDCs with him and hopes to win the CEM election in GHADC. I hope you will win this election.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Mawkhar, has celebrated its 112th anniversary.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has submitted a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh at her office at the Secretariat, regarding the non-functioning of the 100 bed MCH hospital in West Jaintia Hills District and many shortcomings in the Civil Hospital Jowai.
The Ministry of Water Supply and Water Resources of the Union Government of India has clarified that all those who receive this scheme receive 12,000 tyngka. .
District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills, Bah C Lyngdoh said that he received information about the fire until 9.30 pm when he arrived at the office.
Shillong, July 05: U Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he has not left Shillong. shano shano, but with the permission of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of India, he was allowed to travel abroad to lead a team of state officers to bring in European technology.
In his speech, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, one of the EMs of KHADC who was present on the occasion, said that the Khasi medicine industry is a gift from God.
Shillong, November 30: The 2nd Inter Hima Samla Kur Football 2016 Semi-Final was also distributed to the winners of the Karom Board Tournament. The struggle between the Kurs was fierce and different Kurs came out to support their Kurs.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, & Chairman, in the presence of Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh Mawlong, Dy Chairman, MSPB, Gram Sevaks and other officers. of the C&RD Block.
The purpose of the scheme is to work together with government and non-government providers, to recognize and assist in any way, for the welfare of children.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is responsible for the rule of Bill Gates (American Business Man) as the world's richest man. immediately take over in all aspects especially from the Khadar rule and others.
There are 25 cases in Meghalaya.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Friday issued an order under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cr.
Shillong, March 08: The Durga Puja celebrations of Hindus started today and the police have deployed security forces at all places of worship in the state.
Interestingly, the office of the Deputy Commissioner from time to time receives this letter from the RR Colony.
Shillong, March 08: U Gurjit Singh, Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee, today sent a letter to the media saying that they will not accept the report of the High Level Committee of the Harijan Panchayat Committee. Government of Meghalaya in connection with the Sweeper Colony at Mawlong Market.
School principals and teachers should design the school schedule in such a way that children do not have to carry too many books to school and children should take part in school games and read books at school. This government announcement will come into force immediately.
“What is the meter reader sent by MeECL to count the electricity bill?” asked the President of the HYC. “We have spoken to the SDO (Revenue) in charge of this area. MeECL has asked why the Meter Reader cannot check the theft of electricity or the theft of lines to this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Three border hats have been opened in Khasi Hills, Nolikata, Balat Border Hat, Dolura and Ryngku. .
There are 23 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Khasi Hills, 4 from West Khasi Hills and 3 from West Garo Hills. Two cases have been recovered, while four other districts have one case each.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issues related to the demands of the union which they have been demanding from time to time from the government. To take part in the meeting, teachers are requested to attend this meeting.
Therefore, they must have the necessary documents before entering the village so that they can avoid the trouble, and the owners of the houses who rent houses should not rent klumar to foreigners and especially Those who do not have sufficient documents to prove that they are Indian citizens because the Seng has seen from time to time that it happens to the citizens to be shot or injured from time to time.
We expect Dr. Mukul Sangma to take himself as the Chief Minister of the State and not as the Chief Minister of the Congress.
The Shella area falls under Bholganj Block of Sohra Civil Sub Division.
In a statement issued by the Bishop's House, the body of the Archbishop will arrive at Guwahati Airport at 2.45 pm.
“The Governor is pleased to announce an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy as announced in Resolution PER.222/71/138 issued on 12th July, 1972.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Kong Nongrang, who took over as DGP on Tuesday, said that the actions of one or two people have brought shame on the police department. , but the state as a whole.
Shillong, March 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed a delimitation committee to look into the division of several constituencies within the border. of the council.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has opened this sub division four months ago by upgrading it to Ranikor Administrative Unit (which was opened by the MUA-II government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma in the past year).
Water conservation campaigns, water awareness programs should be launched, so that they understand the importance of water, even children should be taught about conserving water as part of education of them during their childhood.
The high level meeting in the presence of the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Education discussed the issues of the education department of the government.
Based on the urgency of the various states the officers of the branch are working with the supply centers to obtain these necessary equipment and deliver these to the required areas.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that no new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed positive in the state. East Khasi Hills has been admitted to the hospital.
The VDPs of Lyngkhat village have informed the Pynursla police station of the incident for further investigation.
The Report is intended to include a “China-specific section” along with issues of concern regarding “trade and economic violence and other forms of long of China", this is according to the statement of that member.
Earlier, Kong B Syiem said that the MGNREGS scheme is a 100 days bill scheme for the poor households. the fee increased with the passage of time.
During the meeting, they discussed the issue of having two votes for the people on the border with Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Shullai said, “I came together with the office bearers of the South Shillong Mandal to hand over a letter to the President to express my decision. I would like to thank Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait.
The deceased was identified as Pisto Sangma, a GNLA member.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today met with the Chief Secretary of the State Government, Bah DP Wahlang, to urge the government to amend all the applications under Para 2.2 of the Reservation. Policy.
One of the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlasnai, Umthlieh said that the actions of these insurgents who have invaded the areas of Meghalaya under the jurisdiction of Karbi Anglong have been harassed from time to time. demanding money from the public.
Shillong, Naitung 24: There are 693 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 293 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 80 cases in Ri Bhoi District. there were 4708 of them.
Shillong, July 3: Referring to the incident at the coal mine in Jaintia Hills, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government does not tolerate illegal activities.
He said that the presence of these check posts will cause problems to the people in traveling and especially in traffic jam.
This was announced by the President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Bah KP Pangniang.
On the other hand, Bah Trycolur said that the threat has been going on for a long time but they didn't think it would happen to such an extent that people have threatened to affect the lives of people. 12 RTI seekers said that they are in fear if the law enforcement agencies do not punish such people.
According to sources, the BJP Mawkyrwat office bearers have proposed the name of Bah Poland and the BJP president has promised that it will be in the party. The Mandal of Mawkyrwat will send the party to the person whom the Mandal will approve.
The Minister said that this step of the Hima Dorbar is to free the farmers from being robbed of their produce when they go to sell in the market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Bataw Youth Welfare Spoet Club on Saturday held a special meeting at the East Side Inn Hotel, East Jaintia Hills District. Halen Nongtdu, who plays for Mumbai City FC, has scored a goal.
Bah Marshall Marwein is a resident of Mawiong village and is also a handyman of Municipal vehicles. together with his wife, and his brother-in-law, and his mother-in-law.
The return of cheetahs will ensure the protection of their prey which includes animals at risk of extinction.
On the rumors on social media that there will be a curfew, the Prime Minister said that the rumors are false and not what the government has already clarified that there will be no curfew.
This year 2023, besides the Khun Syiem, 395 dancers, 174 virgins and 121 rangkynsai, have arrived to take part in the dance floor of the Hima Khyrim. the sound produced by the flutes of the Duhalia.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 Junior National Judo Championship in Bangalore in the under 55 kg category and also brought India a bronze medal in Cuba in
His family members, especially his mother and brothers, were also present to support him in the mid-term MLA elections.
Shillong, July 02: Police of East Jaintia Hills District have seized 8.6 kilograms of heroin worth 100 grams of heroin from Assam. It costs T.2 crore.
Tura, March 14: The West Garo Hills District authorities have held a public meeting to raise awareness on the registration of voters in the Electoral College in preparation for the upcoming elections. to come.
If the cement companies do not respect the JHADC, are there other authorities that have received permission to mine without the knowledge of the District Council? If yes, it means that the MDCs of JHADC do not have the responsibility to bring benefits for the council, this means that they are MDCs without understanding their own powers, to look after the profits and losses of the council. District Council President.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 397 as of 2 pm today, while 49 have recovered.
The KSU has also questioned the government whether the resolution has reached anywhere or whether the government has not paid attention to this issue , and urged the government to expedite the resolution demand of the organization.
In the final match of the Jaintia Hills Sector, Peace United Umkiang FC beat Youth Progressive Lahalein FC by a goal.
He said that according to the weather conditions in the state, it has shown that there will be rainfall in the coming days but the authorities have already arranged for the rainfall. need.
So far, 2,02,281 people have been tested.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that the reason why this house has reached more than Rs 6 crore is because this house is one of the most important houses in the government. There are many needs related to the daily government work, so he does not want the construction of this office to increase in price from what has already been allocated.
Referring to education, Conrad said that this is an important area in which the NPP is taking seriously and when it comes to power it will ensure that teachers should get the their rights and education should encourage children.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Rymbai said, “The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) is the party of the United Democratic Party. talk to him on the phone".
Speaking at the meeting, the Lamphang said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the COVID-19 pandemic does not enter the state. Prevent this disease from entering the state.
On the same day, the Minister also awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award to Rodrick D Shira for his outstanding contribution to the state and the country as a whole.
Nongbri said that what is happening now shows that even the vacancies at District Level, District and Session Judges, Shillong have been filled according to the roster. System which has been out since October this year.
The Citrus Rejuvenation Program of the Ministry of Agriculture has promoted agriculture.
Shillong, November 08: The We Hope Foundation under the leadership of Samla Lucky Star Lamin President and other office bearers of the party today. Speindaris and Spailin Jyrwa from Diengsyiang, West Khasi Hills District have been helped by two persons with mental disabilities. Hills District.
The union has suggested to the state government that if the spread of covid 19 continues, the government should call a curfew for three days a month, so that the people who work inside the country can They must follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
This fast will last for four days until the day of the offering.
The 32 Kurs who participated are 1) Nongrum, 2) Marbaniang, 3) Langstieh, 4) Mylliem, 5) Khongwet, 6) Kharumnuid, 7) Kurkalang, 8) Tariang, 9) Khongshun, 10) Sacrifice, 11) Sacrifice, 12) Myrthong, 13) Sacrifice-A, 14) Sacrifice, 15) Sacrifice, 16) Sacrifice, 17) Sacrifice 18) Sacrifice 19) Sacrifice 20) Sacrifice 21) Kharkongor 24) Khyriem 25) Lyngdoh Mawphlang 26) Pyngrope 27) Nongspung 28) Khongwir 29) Nongsteng 30) Khongsti 31) Warlarpih 32) Lyngkhoi Shillong, Lber 13: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that two persons have died of CVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills, one from West Khasi Hills and one from West Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to
These youths have worked in various hospitals in Shillong, rural areas and abroad.
Regarding this letter, AMCSA has sent another letter to the Chief Engineer of the Housing Department to remind them regarding the letter they have already sent but they have not received it yet. .
It is no longer necessary to take the people out on the streets because the task is very heavy, which should be done properly, we should not allow a law and order situation to arise because the people are in need. for many parts, we shall tie the bsein without breaking the tree.
The HYC also urged the government to provide financial support for schools across the state to implement the National Education Policy (NEP)
This festival is known as “Pattigipa-Ra·rongipa” which means the offering to the Creator who has blessed the agriculture.
The courage of these MDCs to steal money and steal money is because they still intend and feel that they can order the officers of the council to deposit public money in their accounts. Private.
Furthermore, medical facilities are provided at ISBT for players who are in the midst of injuries.
As the saying goes, “Every wise man can speak, if he doesn't open the door, how can he escape?”
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday said it wants the report of the Inquiry Commission appointed by the Government of Meghalaya and Assam to investigate the shooting incident. The death of seven people in Mukroh village on 22nd November, 2022 should be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) or the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Shillong, July 25: The government has decided to allow only local taxis and autorickshaws to operate in East East from Monday. Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the family members of the Secretary of Nongspung Hima said that they have lodged a complaint with the police against these people who came to attack the house.
Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala died shortly after a road accident in Colusa village, where a truck collided with the vehicle of the Archbishop. He was seriously injured and is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital.
crore.
On the other hand, the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah P Lawai, has requested the MLA not to proceed with this project.
The areas registered by the GHADC include Amarsang, Umtongkut and other areas as shown in the sketch map. The border of the Hima Nongstoin which was formerly within the Hima of West Khasi Hills has now fallen under the South West Khasi Hills District.
As the first song to be played is the 'Ksing Lumpaid', a sign of preaching and inviting the neighboring families from near and far that the day is the day of joy and happiness. This is the first time in the year that you have come, so you must be ready to take part in this joyful celebration.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Due to heavy rainfall, Byrnihat village today has been flooded and many households have had to evacuate to higher places.
In the MP elections, the Congress candidate received 4,18,689 votes and the UDP candidate received 2,67,433 votes, which is 34.35% of the votes of the ethnic parties.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will celebrate the Meghalaya Farmers Day on the 4th November,
During the raid, police arrested Bah Hamke Kharkrang from Weilyngkut village and seized 42 diashes and four tubes filled with kyiad pyrsi.
Police on receiving a tip have taken the body to Jowai Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The Block Development Officer of Sohiong Block East Khasi Hills District today at 7 pm to buy food items with a vehicle pass issued by the Block Development Officer of Sohiong Block East Khasi Hills District.
Jowai, July 10: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body (JYF) in a statement issued today has expressed its regret over the government's failure to implement its promises for the to protect the precious souls who are in the midst of illness, who need to get blood in an emergency through the blood bank here in jowai This government is proud to have completed a short period of time without completing it.
The residents are urged to leave for their work as usual.
The JSU leaders also said that the State Government receives more revenue from East Jaintia Hills District but when it comes to development works, the district is lagging behind in many areas.
The Forest Department has closed the bridge for more than a year and the question is why it is taking so long to repair the bridge.
The North East is the most important area in India's Act East Policy.
The Chief Minister said that the demand for ILP in the state has come from many civil society organizations to implement the ILP in the state. /12/2019 The House has not accepted the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
The KSU said that the Shillong Municipal Board has already inspected the area and will soon issue an order to remove the illegal cow keepers from the area. .
According to the latest reports, the GHDC has increased its membership to 16, 11 MDCs from the NPP, 1 GNC, 1 BJP and 3 independent MDCs. I hope they will win the Chairman election to be held tomorrow.
Shillong, Nailar 07: A meeting between the Chief Ministers of various states of the country and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi was held in Delhi today in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
This year's theme is “Invest in Prevention”.
On the other hand, the NPP has alleged that the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has created many problems in which people have been ordered to come to work on these days. making people work in these days to do a lot of work is the foundation stone.
Shillong, July 16: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today decided to file a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the the  Meghalaya Urban Development Authority building By-Laws.
He emphasized on good luck as the basis of following science and said that these good decisions require the blessings of Shakti and that Shakti is our Nari Shakti.
Zaminder, Enamdari and Ryotwari.
When the HNYF visited the children, they said that they don't get lunch and they get it once a year. Many of the schools said that they don't get lunch but they get only 2 meals. or 3 times a month, the union asked whether this corruption is only from the school leaders or whether it is a message from the office that they don't know.
Police also arrested Shembor L.Nonglait and Tania Diengdoh from their residence and recovered 1.79 grams of heroin and 27 injection needles. prosecuted under various laws.
The meeting was attended by BJP President Rikman G Monin, AL Hek, Minister of State, State Government officials and District Presidents of the BJP. The meeting was held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
In this regard, Bah Banteidor said that because he represents the constituency of the farmers, when the farmers complain, he has to listen, but to listen only to his own constituency is wrong. to everyone.
The Minister in charge of PHE, who is a member of the Peace Committee, Bah RL Tongkhar, said that a meeting will be held tomorrow morning with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the cooperation to maintain the peace. Happy birthday to Shillong.
He said that the party has already lodged a complaint against 10 MLAs and now two MLAs. The party has lodged a complaint against these 12 MLAs under the Act. establish.
At the same time, it was said that the government will soon change the price to be higher than the current price.
Police are investigating to track down the perpetrators.
This is indeed a great loss, we have lost a mentor and encourager who has contributed a lot with his willingness to give advice in this regard of this path of our struggle to protect the rights of this nation. epic.
Because we don't trust the report of the MSPCB, it is unfounded.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of various sports.
Many units have received assistance only from MLAs/MDCs and party leaders.
Shillong, November 21: To mark the Christmas celebration, the MLA of 19-Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State under the SUWP scheme, has donated T. 10,50,000/- lakh.
In the second day of the Budget Session, the UDP MDC sat in the opposition despite not yet stepping down from the post of EM. He will send his resignation letter as EM today.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The people of Khasi Hills have not only decided for one party to win the rule in the KHADC, but they have decided that the next Executive Committee will be a new Executive Committee. sound.
Rowell Lyngdoh strongly criticized the political parties who have organized protests that have affected the people.
Rejoice because you are in the care of God. If you don't do it at this time, when will you do it? The names of all those who will contribute to this donation will be published in the newspapers so that the public will know how much money has entered the Fund and where and how much we have donated. kdar.
Ricaldinus Dohling said that the AKMT urges the Minister of Tourism to create parking spaces for tourist vehicles coming from outside the State to allow vehicles from within the State to lead tourists to the tourist spots of Meghalaya, such as Sohra, Dawki and other places.
On the other hand, the elders of the area said that now that there is a Police Station in Nonghyllam, it is time for the government to talk to the bank management to open the branch. their work in the area.
The union will wait for the government's meeting and see what the answer is. The union will not hesitate to change the Central Agricultural. University and College, you want the Vice Chancellor to be in this place and not anyone else.
Shillong, November 22: The Women's Wing of the BJP today visited God's Dream Home in Pynthorbah Shillong to celebrate Christmas with the children.
Various groups including relatives of Soso Tham, members and leaders of the Federation of Khasi (FKK) laid flowers at the statue of Soso Tham at the State Central Library, Shillong. The FKJGP led by its President Bah Dundee C. Khongsit, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem and others.
Under the leadership of Mr. Barthol Sohlang.
G Kharmawphlang has been transferred from the post of Deputy Commissioner of SWG Hills District to Deputy Commissioner of EWKH District.
As an Academy which aims to promote football in the state whether it is for men or women, we have taken this step to hold the Women Football League as part of opening up opportunities for the girls of this state. There are talented people and those who love this sport to get the opportunity to showcase their talents.
Shillong, July 02: The Purno Agitok Sangma Stadium in Tura, West Garo Hills District, has collapsed again this morning and this is the second time that the roof of the stadium has collapsed.
“The railway accident in West Bengal is tragic.
He also recalled his childhood days when Bah Paul Lyngdoh used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor, and later as a young KSU leader he remembered Bah Daminot J Wankhar and Kong Adlyne Khonglam who used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor. performed on the organization’s playlist, and this time they received an award.
“We have seen climate change around the world and in order to solve the problems caused by climate change, there will be discussions to solve these problems, which are caused by human activities, and the environment,"He said adding that the solution to the problems arising from natural disasters, ways to improve connectivity in the North East, income generation and bringing order to the environment by which ensures economic development are essential activities.
On the other hand, the KHADC has suspended the workers who cleaned the river and this discussion has reached the House because of the lack of funds.
The functions of ADCs under Schedule 6 of the Constitution include the enactment of land laws, the management of forests except reserved forests, the appointment of Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems, the inheritance of property, marriage, divorce, customs, to bring about economic development through the establishment of markets, fish ponds, construction of roads and to supervise the trade of we don't have a schedule tribe.
The march started from Don Bosco Square and ended at the State Central Library.
One of the decisions taken by the meeting was that those villages which have about 300 villages which have not received light because they have left the light bill will now go to install the transformers to provide light to those villages. The house that doesn't pay for the light will be cut off.
He said that the MSPA has also decided to create opportunities to find other ways and discussions are ongoing with professional experts who are willing to assist the MSOA in its goal. to support the State Sports Associations to promote sports in the state as part of the preparations for the National Games
The KSU has strongly criticized that if there is a positive case in South West Khasi Hills District and parts of Mawsynram Block just for the sake of allowing free entry and exit of foreigners , the government and district authorities should to take responsibility for the restrictions and permission to enter the area especially at such times.
The National Curriculum Framework in line with the NEP 2020 will play a major role in achieving the Visit Bharat goal, he added.
Shillong, July 15: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya including the Federation of Khasi States, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, and the Dolloi and Council of Nokma which met on Dr Rameshwar Oraon, Sushil Kumar S. Shinde, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India.
you kng.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that the issues to be discussed at the Hima Dorbar will be on the border issue with Assam as the Hima borders with Assam.
The first batch of SF-10s has completed its six-month training as a police force, but in addition, it has been trained for three and a half months only in counter-insurgency activities. Brigadier WBJ Sturgeon and trainers from the Army Special Forces and the State Police.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the foundation stone of the Rangmaw Sub Center was laid on 5th November 2019 and it was opened within a year.
Boldness L Nongum, former Principal of the school, was the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Annual Sport Meet of the school.
The Chief Minister and his Discipline Soldiers had a little encouragement and refreshment.
At this meeting, Shri. Mukul Roy, MP, TMC, Trinamool Leader in Parliament, said that the TMC is ready to support the implementation of these promises and agreements when the proposal and discussion in Parliament comes. in India.
The Seng strongly condemns the silence and silence of the people's leaders especially the leaders of Jaintia Hills who have not said anything on the ILP although it is the only law that prevents the illegal entry of foreign authorities. too.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Meghalaya Deaf Association (MDA) today celebrated the International Day of the Deaf, 2023 at Shillong.
The meeting was convened after the government decided not to pay 100% of the Atnirman loan taken from REC and PFC. and improve the performance of MeECL which has up to 4800 employees.
The launch ceremony was conducted by Ripple Najiar, and speeches were delivered by Kamai War and S. Bareh, Secretary of Chutwakhu Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today discussed at a meeting of the MDA on the Governor's withdrawal of the amendment to the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Bill.
The purpose of this is to provide information to the people on the schemes of the central government.
In this regard, the Minister of PWD also expressed the same remarks regarding the actions of the Congress party.
Therefore, we will sit back with the Cabinet to move forward with the Roster.
Speaking to SP News Agency, B Bamon, Administrative Officer of JHADC, in charge of Elaka Affairs, said that the appointment will be issued next month. as the Doloi elected by the people of Jowai Elaka.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) under the jurisdiction of the Department of Culture and Heritage at Mawkasiang. Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Minister of Culture and Heritage, Sanbor Shullai and government officials were present.
This is according to a statement signed by AICC General Secretary CC Venugopal.
In this regard, he said that the encouragement of private individuals to open hospitals has helped many youths who have started these types of businesses.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DC said that at present, the markets which used to be held once a day have not been opened yet. that they will be open daily Monday through Thursday.
Shillong, June 17: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 95 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 50 in Easy Khasi Hills and 1 in Ri Bhoi. , South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills
The Government is currently working on how to arrange for the payment of Old Age Pension to the Muster Roll and ASHAs. and that they should receive their monthly salary.
If there is such a law, it will help us to have a right to hold a dorbar kur. This is to understand the existence of the Khasi-Pnar people. There are three kinds of earthquakes.
This work has been done in a safe and environmentally friendly manner by ensuring that these harmful products will no longer be allowed to be marketed.
The amount of money misused by the KHADC employee has reached T.43 lakh. It was also reported in the House that Bah Franklin Khymdeit has been temporarily suspended. The report of this investigation has also been received by the department.
: it means to resolve any difference of opinion or difference of opinion; it means to try to resolve any dispute between two parties.
He said that before the Act East policy can be implemented, it is necessary to work in the border areas of the country in the North East.
On the other hand, the BSF has seized all the Ganja and it is clear that there is a collaboration with the smugglers to smuggle this illegal plant.
These foreigners were arrested while they were walking on the VIP Road at Mawkynroh-Umshing.
For the JHADC, the candidates should be from among the women who have excelled in these four areas.
Regarding the public meeting to be held on the 16th at Mawsynram, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle invite the public, Rangbah Shnongs, Longkmie Organizations and others to attend the meeting. This is a statement by Michael Dingan, Asst General Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Home Minister, u Nailur 19, on Tuesday said that they are against the increase in the number of constituencies in the KHADC. He said that the government has agreed to implement the rules of the Inner Line Permit by amending the MRSSA. month of March.
Syngai also expressed her happiness that the group of visually impaired people led by Micky Pajuh called “Life After Dark” has been selected by the Election Commission to represent the state in Delhi.
On the other hand, the union has requested them to come and take three persons from one department.
“I don't know what is happening inside the party because I am no longer a member of the PDF, this is my personal opinion. ", said Bah PN Syiem.
The NPP also spoke on the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya.
It is a special day to honor those who fight fearlessly for the rights and aspirations of their people.
The arrest of Bah Kharlukhi is on the charge of insulting the people during the protest of the Women's Organization held at Madan Student recently. Chapter.
The objective is to serve as a think tank for the North East through the implementation of best practices, advice, recommendations and practices to develop the North East as a region of play a large role in the economic development of the country.
Speaking to reporters, on the absence of the Cabinet from the meeting, Bah Peter Lawai, President of the party, said that the meeting was due to the absence of the Cabinet. It clearly shows their lack of responsibility for the state and the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Three MLA candidates from Mawryngkneg LA Constituency in 2013, Dr OS Jyrwa, Highlander Kharmalki and Munu Paul Muktieh, have been elected today. They were welcomed by the President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) at a public meeting held at Sojryngkham.
Regarding the construction of the railway line, some civil society organizations have strongly opposed the construction of the railway line on the grounds that if the railway line is built, it will lead to the illegal entry of foreigners.
The Court has fixed the next hearing for the case on March 5, 2023.
The NPP sends its condolences to the families of the deceased and prays that God will grant rest to the souls of the deceased.
Others who were present on the occasion were Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, HM Shangpliang, MS Director, MH Marak, IAS Commission and Secretary I&PR Department. bad that other that.
The Chief Guest on the occasion was Shri Tathagata Roy, Hon'ble Governor of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The KSU Umdohlun Circle and KSU Nongmluh Unit have expressed their strong opposition to the distribution of ration in four villages of the area by the wholesaler for the months of October and November
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Paul said that the ban on the use of plastic is not for the benefit of anyone but for the cleanliness of the environment and the benefit of all.
: The Mahila Morcha, the women's organization of the BJP, on Tuesday visited various districts of the state to collect the census of the beneficiaries of the schemes implemented by the Central Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Executive Member in charge of Land of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today introduced the Land Bill,
The House today elected Bah Darnei as the new Chairman without any opposition.
Speaking at the public meeting, Dr BR Kharlukhi, former president of KAS, said that the Khasi language is like a golden thread, where as a nation we should preserve our own language. not only to protect it but also to protect it by including it in the 8Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
During the inspection, not only the KSU members but also the media were present to find out the truth.
These smuggled goods were handed over to the Custom office for further action according to the provisions of the law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah S Ryntathiang, President of the Hills State People Democratic Party (HSPDP) Central Body, today announced that he has been appointed as the President of the Hills State People Democratic Party (HSPDP). .
Police who conducted the investigation could not trace the parents of the child.
Police have investigated into the incident and submitted a complaint on 5th July 2012 and after completion of the investigation, the Addl. District and Session Judge, District Council Court, West Garo Hills. Tura has found Tengsal D. Sangma guilty of committing the crime and sentenced him.
It is said that this brain disease appears in children after one year and becomes clear after two years. mental illness and such diseases were believed to be incurable but with this discovery it is now possible to treat children.
When will you do that joint venture every year, if it takes up to 2, 3 years how can the workers stay without food, drink, without salary for that reason the government has to take action. how it should be done.
This is according to a statement sent by the Chairman of the Farmers Protection Cell.
“It cannot be said that in the past two years after the state government decided to turn the state into an organic state, farmers have faced many problems especially in terms of organic fertilizer and seeds due to the shortage. “There is too much assistance from the Office of Agriculture through subsidy or even those who are not under subsidy,” said the DAO. This was also acknowledged by the DAO in a meeting with the JSU leaders. and he is today.
The training and public awareness session will last for two hours.
Up to 277 vehicles were seized and the fine collected from them was 2,36,500 tyngka.
The office of the Chairman of JHADC has informed that if anyone wishes to contest the election CEM within of JHADC can file their nomination and can submit their nomination before 10 am tomorrow.
In her speech, Wansuk Syiem, member of the NCW, said that they will fight for the rights of women and believe that one day they will get their share.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, on Tuesday read out a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Teinwell Dkhar has written a letter to inform him that he has withdrawn from the CEM election. Taking the rules, Pynshngianlang said that the letter of Twinwell Dkhar has not been accepted because that she came to him after the election to elect the new CEM of the House.
The CEM of KHADC said that the Grand Council is the party of Bah John F Kharshiing and not the party where the chief executives fall under the Federation as admitted by Bah John but the chief executives belong to the Federation. within the District.
After a meeting with the CMD, the President of the MeECL Employees Union, Bah PK Chulet, while speaking to reporters, announced that they have called off their strike after the CMD. They were promised to pay the salaries of the workers.
Smit, November 12: CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla while speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the Maharashtra government. The Nongkrem Constituency's People's Forum (MDC) today congratulated the 29 MDCs of the Nongkrem Constituency's People's Forum in Smit.
The registration fee for these trainings is only Rs.
Donald said that the donations of the organization to the hospital are small, but the organization has worked hard to provide these donations as part of the support to the hospital which is still in the middle of the the fight against COVID-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The CSWO has strongly condemned the killing of a mother from Sumer, whose body was found this morning on GS Road. Ryndangbriew, this is the work of power against women.
This preparation was made in consultation with the presidents of Adheenam.
The BJP has sent a complaint to the police to track down the robbers who dared to create an email in the name of the party.
The Government should not shy away from this issue and should take action immediately otherwise the Seng will not hesitate to take action on this issue. At the same time, the Seng urges the Members to be vigilant on this issue. As the organization, we are concerned that there will be conflicts between our fellow citizens just because of the trade which can benefit anyone.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has urged all those who are under quarantine to follow the government's directives so that there will be no spread of the disease. disease to the public.
Shillong, March 14: Every year on the 15th of March, the world celebrates World White Cane Day. you can see or blind.
In a statement sent by the State President of the NPP, Arunachal Pradesh, Gicho Kabak, he expressed his deep sorrow over the tragic incident involving NPP MLA Tirong Aboh. Seven others were killed including two patrolmen in Bogapani village in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh by suspected militants.
He said that they are currently training unemployed youth to be trained in this area so that they can plant flowers and it will be a source of income for them.
Respect and support for the poor can raise their self-esteem and encourage them to try to escape poverty without government assistance.
Guwahati, March 31: Apollo Medskills Ltd, one of the leading health training groups, has held a public hearing at Beltola. first in the region.
He said that in the complaint he demanded that those involved in the misappropriation of public money should be punished because according to the tender for the purchase of tin sop iing, it amounted to not less than T.20 crore. The tins should have a 0.45 capacity but the union has received a complaint that the tins have only 0.25 capacity.
Regarding this traffic jam, it is very difficult because only vehicles from East Khasi Hills District will leave on the same day, there will be no place to park on the road. how to do it.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Moushumi said to the youth that they are fortunate to receive training at this place.
Shillong, November 17: U Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday inspected the area from Nongjri to Umsyiem. they will lose their land in Bangladesh.
Donbok said that according to the RTI received, it has been found that there is a violation of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 because according to the RTI reply they have received, there are police officers who have not been transferred. not only in East Khasi Hills District for at least 15 years without being transferred to other districts of the State.
On the other hand, the BSF has informed the BGB to cooperate in the security of the border, as there is a strong suspicion that they have a strong intention to secure the border. bad in their minds.
Higher education institutions are also preparing to introduce degree programs with apprenticeships according to the rules of the UGC. Finally, to move forward in any public policy, those involved in the work must be empowered. .
He said that the reach of 10 lakh registrations in iGOTKarmayogi shows that people want training.
Four persons have been killed in an earthquake at Laitlarem village in Mawphlang Block, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today said.
The talk aims to showcase the unique role of the region in the development of the country.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the states in the North East have their own problems, such a group should come together to solve these problems. He said that he is very sorry for the incident in Manipur and urged them to take the necessary measures to bring peace in Manipur.
The HYC requests the DM&HO to take action to inform the DM&HO about the outbreak of typhoid fever. ohisar of the Ministry of Health.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Leader of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee on Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV) Wandonbok Jyrwa in his speech at a public meeting held at Motphran today announced that the suspension of commercial vehicles has been announced. will continue, as long as the government does not reduce the 25% tax on Fuel and 50% tax on vehicles.
After the launch of several entry and exit points, it should not be assumed that the government has been able to implement the laws to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state. The construction of the railway line in these parts of the Khasi Hills has been completed.
In his speech, Bah Rishot Marbaniang of Nongpoh said that they will set up a small bank in the area to make it easier for the people to get assistance in the form of loans for other purposes. you are also.
Amlarem, Naulir 04: The residents of War East, Amlarem Sub-Division, have been surprised to learn that the light has gone out.
Meghalaya, with its skilled people and natural resources, has a goal of achieving a brighter future.
Shillong, November 07: The employees of Meghalaya Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) today held an indefinite strike in front of the company's office in Shillong.
Two drug traffickers have been arrested by the Police in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District on Friday morning.
Regarding the Toll Gate to be opened soon in Lumshnong, the union has sought clarification from the DC regarding the collection of taxes on private or commercial vehicles in those areas.
Pong Sika, known as the famous game of the Garo people, reminds us of heroes like Dikki Bandi, Gilsang Dalbot and Togan Nengminja Sangma.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister congratulated the sportsmen who have won and brought glory to Meghalaya.
The attempt to establish a military base in a peaceful area like Rangthong and other parts of South West Khasi Hills District shows that there is something behind it which if the villagers do not think carefully it will be a disaster and a loss to the villagers. PATENG to come.
Ananthkumar said that with this GST reduction, the price of fertilizer has increased to T.5909 per kg and 50 kilos will be T.295.47 per kg in comparison. and the price of all things.
The union expressed its gratitude to the government for responding to their demand. In a letter, the government has made it clear that the government will terminate the contract with GVK Company in the state. their demand for salary.
Expecting the strawberry cultivation to continue to grow in the area, he said, “I will continue to extend my hands as a leader to develop the farmers and so that our people do not rely on one person. They have turned to other types of farming for income generation”.
Regarding the allocation of funds, it should be clear how much money has been collected and how much the District Councils should receive their share. problems in terms of money.
The committee will complete the task within 40 days and after that they will have to submit a letter to the select committee of the Rajya Sabha, to express the wishes of the people of Meghalaya. improvements in the Sixth Schedule to protect the minorities.
New Delhi, Nailar 06: The Union Minister of State for Human Resource Development, Dr. Shashi Tharoor in his reply to the Rajya Sabha today said that the Union Government has renewed the Human Resource Development Code. work in the field of day care for children in this 12th Plan.
The Dorbar / or Seng Kur should also set a goal to establish schools, colleges, universities, hospitals, as part of the development of the Kur and the Kur. ka jaidbynriew, because we also see that the Dorbar Hima has given land to other groups to build schools or offices.
Also present on the occasion were CEM Titos Chyne, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem, Pastor FR Kharkrang, Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Assembly, Dr Andrew Simons and other dignitaries.
Police of South West Garo Hills District this morning have come out to clean up the fallen trees on the road to Salmapara. the wind blows.
The KSU has continued to donate to the hospitals as part of its physical and spiritual efforts to cope with the burden of the hospitals due to the severe impact of Covid-1
Finally, the JSU and JYF stand firmly on a firm footing and have little power to demand ILP in accordance with the Eastern Bengal & Frontier Regulation
Thomas Passah.
The meeting was held on the observation that no appointment letters have been distributed yet which has surprised the union.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that everything has gone smoothly, but many of the problems should have been reduced. Hopefully the MSOA and the sports department will learn lessons from this incident so that those who can avoid it should be avoided and they will still be able to do better going forward.
He said the government has now introduced information technology education in all government schools by providing Wi-Fi.
The arrested were identified as Panpush Pattang, 21, Jusia Maraking, 22, and James Chirang, 18, all from Mymensingh District, Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Aristotle Rymbai said that the salary received before November 2021 is only for two months, November and April , the remaining ones are from March 2021 and now they are in June
The amount increased by the Cabinet has to be approved by the House in the form of a special budget.
It is estimated that about 40,000 jobs have been lost due to the suspension of the Commissioned Programme, and many of them have been forced to seek employment across India, while those who do not have jobs have been forced to leave. They have lost their skills because there is no longer a way to improve their skills.
Shillong, March 19: The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Process T Sawkmie today during the Zero Hours meeting brought by Telenia Thangkhiew on the deposit of Council funds into private accounts, u They demanded that the EM in charge of the Council's budget should hand over the portfolio to the CEM. on the demand of the opposition and members of the ruling party that an independent commission of inquiry be appointed to probe the matter.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said, “If there are still those who are harassing the Khasi living in this area, the Executive Committee will not hesitate to go to Block II at midnight. “This statement by Bah Pyniaid came after the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area (SRSBA), Raid Nongtung met with Bah Pyniaid to congratulate Bah Pyniaid after the Block-II area has suffered again. once in peace without any more trouble.
Since the beginning of the outbreak, 93,786 people have tested positive, 92,189 have recovered and 1,593 have died.
The Government of Meghalaya through the Department of Culture and Heritage today celebrated the 81st Anniversary of the death of these great poets. you nation.
Also present were BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie and others.
The Seng has found that along the road especially after the weighbridge at Sohkha, the trucks have overloaded the road. road NH-40.
The Minister also distributed Police Medals for Distinguished Services and concluded the three-day DGsP and IGSP Conference in Jaipur.
This is to remind our fellow citizens that our nation is in the middle of the night and at any time we can be attacked.
This is also a disease in which we have to take many steps, by eradicating it by using technology.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Nine new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, Nailur 21 today. , 47 people are still sick.
The current MLA from this constituency is Bah Remington Pyngrope.
In another incident, a coal truck overturned near Ryndangbriew and collided with a Chevrolet car and a scooty and the occupants of the car and scooty were injured.
Shillong, November 03: The CoMSO today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to express its opposition to the acceptance of the CAA by the Central Government. Apart from this Act, 3% of the population is covered by the CAA and these 3% areas are the areas where these people come to the state.
The crime came to light after the leaders who had fled to Bangladesh ordered a secret task force.
New Delhi, June 26: The Cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Moidi today approved the construction of 157 new Nursing Colleges across the country. the whole country.
The Union Minister also commended the efforts of Lt.Gen.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Municipal Offices of Meghalaya together with the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency (MUDA) have launched an explanation to land dealers that they can get loans from banks up to T.10,0 /- money to help them.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the elders of the area expressed their surprise that the bridge leading to Balat Border Hat in East Khasi Hills District has remained unconstructed.
The Cabinet also decided to increase the salary of T.300/- for those who are just starting to work, T.340/- for those who have started working and T.380/- for those who have started working. and those who are well qualified will receive T.420/- and this will be effective from 01 March
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Upper Shillong Zone Youth Association (UPA) has condemned the land vendors in Maghalaya and the Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Vendors Association. In fact, the Longkmie should have led the youth to the field but it has caused the youth to become a source of trouble.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Subordinate Service Rules 2024 submitted by the Forest Department of the State Government.
The death toll has risen to 13, 10 from Easy Khasi Hills, 10 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills.
M.Sangma Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs, Govt.
In an effort to improve transportation opportunities across the country, the Tirupati-Delhi flight was also launched yesterday connecting the culturally rich area with the country's capital.
Speaking to the management of MeECL, the Seng has learned that MeECL has not been able to appoint anyone since 2020 due to lack of funds to pay salaries and the urgent posts required have been filled. plant contracts.
East Jaintia Hills Police have distributed drinking water and food items to truck drivers and those stranded on the highway due to the landslide. The District Administration has also taken steps to ensure that this road can be opened for vehicles.
“I am saddened to see the decision of the current EC under the leadership of Boston to pay only between T.5000/- and T.3000/- for their salaries. GHADC employees who have suspended their salaries for 14 months”.
The Union of San Shnongs today sent a petition to the Chairman cum Managing Director of MeECL through the Director Corporate Affairs of MeECL requesting to continue the admission for Class Nurseries. MeECL officials said that they will take up this issue to discuss at the Board Meeting and will provide information in July this year. new.
The meeting was chaired by Sengman R Marak, Ex-MLA, Co-Chairman, MSDRC, Suraj Prakash Thapa, Co-Chairman, MSDRC, Vajay Raj, Vice-Chairman, MSDRC, Lamphrang Blah, MDC. KHADC, Vice- Chairman , MSDRC, Dr.Fenela Lyngdoh, Non-Official, Member, Meghalaya State Development Reforms, Legal forum, R.Rapthap, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, F.M Dopth, MCS, Member Secretary Meghalaya State Development Reform, DM Wallang and SC Laloo, Additional Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly who is also the MLA of the constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his pleasure to take part in this programme.
"This cowardice, not only is a detriment to the Athletic Track but serves as a barrier to the dreams of children, which also shows a lack of responsibility for the benefit of the community," said added the statement.
He explained that as Khasi when they go to other states they cannot accept Schedule Tribe status in other states and on this there were four letters sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs in , 1977, 1982 and 1988.
During the meeting with the Chief Secretary, Conrad urged the government to provide police to provide security in the Williamnagar area as the people are now in fear. He came from this area to meet the people.
The AJYWO said in its petition that the NGT's ban on coal mining and trade in the state will also force the youth of the area to choose the wrong paths in the state. They have been affected by the NGT order and have started to lose their livelihoods and households. and his future by not entering into the wilderness.
He said that such an incident may be the first incident in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The candidates for Tura seat are NPP Sitting MP Agatha K. Sangma, Congress candidate Saleng K. Sangma, TMC Zenith Sangma and Laben Ch.
The meeting was attended by Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge HCM and Chairman of the Juvenile Justice Committee, High Court of Meghalaya, Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner and Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary. , Social Welfare Department, Dr H. Lyndem, Director, Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
In this regard, the participants from various States and Departments of the Seng Khasi on the Sohpetbneng Mountain will be only those Seng Khasi members who have received entry passes from the Seng Khasi Kmie. distributed through the Presidents and Secretaries of the States of the Khasi Branch.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Joe Marwein said that the leaders of 13 political parties have met today and decided to demand the release of the three members of the state government. organizations.
When buying vehicles, the beneficiaries are the vehicles of the vehicle manufacturing companies. On the other hand, the Minister urged that there should be a sense of ownership that the government goods belong to the people.
She was the first Khasi woman to produce a Hindi skit entitled “Hindi Bhasha Hamari Rashtra Bhasha Hai” which was broadcast on Doordarshan Kendra Shillong.
The Minister in charge of ITC, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh in the presence of Bah DP Wahlang, Commissioner & Secretary, IT. , said that it is a great pride for the parents to see that their children will come forward in their studies. they have to fight hard in this age of competition.
Police said that the drugs were sent back to Dewlynong and in this country they will be made in the form of bullets. Sri Lanka is a southern country near India.
“From now on, we expect that the implementation of NREGS and other schemes of the people will be done through the understanding and participation of the entire community and not by acting individually. “In the past few days,” said C.Lamurong, Vice President of the KSU Ministerial Unit.
However, with the testing of COVID-19 positive cases in Rilbong and Jhalupara, Mawprem, the government has decided to take samples from the public. These public places to understand the nature of the COVID-19 pandemic in Shillong.
Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment Krishan Pal Gujar received the statement from the civil society groups.
On the other hand, the Advocacy Officer, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew said that there are about 200 people who have not received the money promised by the Government to deposit into their accounts.
On the other hand, the DGP congratulated the soldiers and police for being able to seize from a man who was well dressed. when you play you see that you don't have a drok.
At the same time, he said that the job of MLAs is to support the policies of the government and to discuss many issues within the House. Speech is not the basis, but if you speak slowly but when you speak the truth, it is important in speech.
66,71,200 tyngka has been allocated for the implementation of this project in 2007 which will provide water to about 1470 people of this area. Minister of State for Water Resources AL Hek was the chief guest in the presence of Mawlai MLA FS Cajee, Village Authority of the area and others.
The union has received information that there are about 15 coal mining factories, for this reason the union has expressed its opposition before they get the approval of the government. coal mine factory.
Manangmankhraw and Gaurav got 468 marks each.
On this occasion, the Magistrates together with the Police met with the vendors at the Jaiaw Taxi Stand and during the meeting, the Magistrates promised to take up the issue. Commissioner to talk to the government.
The question now is how many ministers of the central government and the state government have visited the stadium and after the inspection there has been a promise to complete the stadium soon.
The Government of India is taking a major step to realize the dream of Mizoram by bringing railway lines to Sairang near Aizawl.
The tournament was opened by Bah H Nongpluh IGP, in charge of TAP, in the presence of Bah BJ Laloo SP of Traffic Department, East Khasi Hills District.
In a statement, Samla Streamly S Niangti congratulated the children of Niamtre for celebrating Behdienkhlam which is their annual festival after the planting and burial.
Students who apply for this course must have passed Class VIII in the year 2017-2018 from any government recognized school.
Ed final year 2013 was promised by the Assistant Director of NIOS Regional Center Guwahati Piyush Prasad in a meeting with the members of the trainees on the 14th of this month. Guwahati to release a new result within 45 days which ended on the 24th of this month.
Others who spoke on this occasion were u bah.
He said that the information collected is not enough to monitor this issue.
The Legislative Assembly has three parts, the eastern part, the western part and the middle part. I don't have any IIT but IIT Roorkee in Delhi.
These fraudsters call people and inform them that they have already sent a parcel or should receive a parcel containing illegal goods, drugs, fake passports or other illegal goods.
: Rosetta Mary Kurbah, Secretary, Community and Rural Development, Fisheries and other departments, has been transferred for the second term as Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Shillong Press Club, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Walton Jyrwa Lyntan, 52, at his residence in Lumbhalang, Nongthymmai Lawjynriew.
Doctors who attended the event were Dr Star Pala from NEIGRIHMS, Dr A Mawlong, Oncologist from NEIGRIHMS and Dr E Lyngskor from NEIGRIHMS. , Meghalaya.
The KSU urges the Garo Hills State Movement Committee not to follow the proposed Garoland Map submitted by the ANVC in 2006 to Dr. Manmohan Singh, the Prime Minister of India. for.
At a meeting held recently, the Congress office bearers from the four MLA constituencies have decided to nominate Bah Pariong for the MDC election in
The total number of recoveries today is 104, 73 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 8 from East Garo Hills, 5 from South Garo Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills. Khasi Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 1, the total number of recoveries so far is
The army has also done well in sports.
Shah said the Assam Rifles has a history of completing any task given to them in the past 180 years on time.
Of Field Publicity, Govt.
The land at these two trading ports was donated by local people.
The festival will last for five days from 4th to 9th November 2023. The festival has been held in 2013 and 2016 and now in 2023 this will be the third edition of the Khasi Heritage Consultative Forum. you have benefited.
Hundreds of people came out to clean up this road under the supervision of SJWW. On this day, there was also a cleanliness drive in different parts of Shillong and in the surrounding areas. The cleansing was complete and there were many people in every place.
New Delhi, April 03: Today we are celebrating the fifth anniversary of the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in our country.
The number of Union ministers in the state is not great.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah A Wankhar of St Anthony's College and Kong Soloni Bareh of Nongtalang Government College.
The school was inaugurated by former MLA of Jirang constituency Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap on
Reviewing the schemes led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the initiatives of the State Government, he said he was pleased with the implementation of various schemes in the district and stressed on the cooperation. to bring about economic development in the North East.
At this meeting, he said that the opening of this Sub-Centre is part of the government's efforts to bring more health facilities to the people especially those who fall under the jurisdiction of the Nongthyllep Sub-Centre. Center.
On the other hand, the JYF has urged the SP to take action against both these incidents, the shooting of Batskhem by arresting those involved and also to punish Batskhem according to the rules of law.
The turtle was maneuverable and was inducted into the army in
Why should the KSU members be searched? They should also search the market vendors and foreigners who walk in the area.
According to sources, the sudden fire of the Conveyer Blet has happened more than a month ago and the transportation of Mawshun from Nongtrai to Bangladesh has stopped due to the loss of the conveyor. Covey belt in parts of Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robert Kharjahrin, said that the HYC has urged the government to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. to invite officials of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) and officials of the National Highway Development Corporation Limited (NHDCL).
The Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Cabinet Ministers and Congress MLAs attended the swearing-in ceremony.
Now it is up to our people to wake up from their sleep and start doing all these jobs which they have left behind to foreigners and foreigners and not to allow these jobs. trade with foreigners and foreigners or rely solely on coal because coal will not last forever.
All three persons in the vehicle were injured and taken to Civil Hospital for treatment. Some of them were taken to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The blockade of offices of the civil society today went smoothly without any incident in their demand for the government to implement the ILP in the state. .
: The Director General of Police (DGP), Shillong, Dr. LR Bishnoi has praised the hard work of the East Khasi Hills Police in the arrest of drug traffickers in Shillong.
Perhaps it can be clearer if we compare the English words Sprinkle and Libation in that the method is the same but the purpose is very different.
The KSU has taken action against this incident as the youths in the district are now in the midst of a protest by demanding that the government should extend the date of the results of the DSC. It was organized by the DSC Nongstoin.
Thus, the totemic and motifs of the local deities of the region became suitable for painting on canvas as examples of their own traditional deities.
At the same time, these two Seng Bhalang request those students who wish to write the examination in Jowai to remember to choose the examination center in Jowai. you don't want to write an examination.
Besides the Prime Ministers, the Union Ministers of Home Affairs, Health, DONER, Defense and other Ministers were also present.
Police have believed that it was the man who brought these drinks.
But not by understanding.
His passing away is a great loss to thousands of children, grandchildren, grandchildren, not only as a father but as a leader of this area as a whole.
He said that the party itself demands that the students should not lose their jobs if the NEP is implemented and it is pleasing that the VC has promised to talk to anyone who opposes the implementation of the NEP. -2020.
Those groups of College Teachers who have decided to fight against such arbitrary decisions should also be praised and appreciated forever.
The road from Police Bazar to Polo, which was recently inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has collapsed this morning. car in this bag.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A prayer of condolence to the Holy Father, the Head of the Catholic Church, today at Laitumkhrah Cathedral on the mention of his name in one of the newspapers published in Shillong. Thousands of people attended this special prayer.
The Union will continue its strike until the government gives a clear answer whether it will reinstate or not as demanded by the MTC employees to reinstate the MD. Now, or the government should answer if it will bring in a new MD but as it is now the government is silent without giving any answer.
The Government has sent these Home Quarantine Dairies to all the Deputy Commissioners to distribute to the Dorbar Shnongs in the state and at the entry points like Ratacehra, Byrnihat, Bajengdoba and Titkrikilla. Let's see how to follow the days of home quarantine while at home.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Paul said, “Some of you are children, some of you have faced difficulties in your life, but let us remember this as Pastor Reuben has led us. This will remind us that our Savior the Lord Jesus Christ when parents brought their children to Jesus to bless them, but the disciples of Jesus drove them away. , but Jesus said, “Let the little children come to me, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.
Replying to the allegation by the Congress leaders especially the MP candidate Bah Pala, Prestone said that when he was in the Congress, he was the one who opposed the removal of him. Dr Mukul Sangma as a leader but they are silent and now when he is in the NPP they come to fight.
Arunachal Pradesh came second with the Lindum Kia Kia in 3:01:56 seconds and Thokchom Helen Devi added the medal to Manipur by coming third. I finished the race in 3:04:55 seconds.
The risk of these people becoming infected with COVID-19 makes this work very important.
Meghalaya has implemented a screening system for everyone entering the state during this time of pandemic.
The Seng would like to express its gratitude to all the doctors, nurses, ASHAs, pharmacists, lab technicians, ANMs, DEOs who have joined hands on this day to provide full service to the people in relation to health.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Business Advisory Committee under the chairmanship of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met to discuss the dates of the Budget Session for the year 2023.
Within a few hours, the police took her to the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to continue the protest despite the fact that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District did not give permission to do so. protest.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the East Jaintia Hills Police Station has arrested the two persons in connection with the bomb blast of Agnes and Anita. the police didn't want to talk.
This year, even the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his appreciation for the beauty of the lighting during the Christmas season as it is different from other villages.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The National Education Policy-2020, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it will be good for the students.
The Seng also strongly condemns the Minister of State Dr Mukul Sangma for his efforts to cover up what these ministers have done.
“We will hold a meeting in the coming months to decide which party to support and as a party we will have to look into the issues of the political parties or the candidates in relation to issues affecting the state especially those relating to the minorities.
About T.40.80 crore has been allocated for the construction of the project which will be implemented on an area of ​​10481.53 sqm.
Prof. Streamlet, while praising Kong Silbi Passah, said, “Kong Silbi has received many awards in the past years and she is a humble person.
The stock they have will probably just have to be thrown away.
Applications should be submitted in accordance with the instructions laid down by the Election Commission of India to the Chairman of MCMC at the office of the District Election Officer, Karma No-3
The residents who saw this took their klongs and khiews to receive the oil flowing from the vehicle and in this incident the vehicle suddenly caught fire and in the flight many people were killed. injured.
If this is true, the Seng questions the Officer why he has turned the office of C&RD Block Ranikor into a barrier to entry.
She said that every day she reads the newspaper and says that there is violence against women.
On the same day, the MLA also launched an ambulance which has been handed over to the MSWOS to operate for the benefit of the people in the presence of the people. members of the party and local elders.
Speaking at a brief meeting to submit the Sanad, Bah Chyne said that although the report has been submitted to the House since November 2019 regarding the elections. to elect a new Lyngdoh within the Mawphlang Hima but due to the changes in the world it has been completed today.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with RM Kurbah, the President of the KSU Laban area said that it will write to the Shillong Municipal to stop the cultivation of rice in the area. garbage tea.
The government will meet with all the religious leaders on Monday 7/9/2
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC said that the Dorbar Hima and Dorbar Shnong should be strong to fight against violence against women. occur.
On this occasion, a special memorial service was held for the former MLA of Lotsing Sangma who passed away. Under his leadership, the District Demand Committee was set up. he was also a minister of government at that time.
Till November this year, 11676 villages in the state have been supplied with electricity and at present about 75 to 80 percent of the villages have been supplied with electricity.
Lamare was arrested while he was returning from the NSCN's Hebron Camp in Dimapur.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell CEC has sent its special congratulations to all the students who have reaped the fruits of victory in their examinations of SSLC, HSSLC Arts, Science, bad Commerce stream Examination 2023.
The celebration of this day went smoothly throughout the state without any incident.
This reminds us of the need for immediate action to combat this rapid change in the weather and environmental conditions.
The BSF said that the arrest of the truck was made after they examined the shallans of the vehicle and found that it was carrying more than what was written on the shallans. The value of the drugs was T.2.5 lakh.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Pravin Bakshi, told SP News Agency, “It is true that there has been an earthquake in the Dalu area today”. The Block Development Officer (BDC) has visited the area to inspect the damage.
The 13 civil society organizations have also taken another decision and that is that they will not appear before the Special Court on their trial on the 8th of this month. .
Urban Village Authority Groups and Panchayati Raj Groups will benefit from the benefits of promoting the installation of RTS in their areas.
Not only that, but they sent an ambulance back to the place where they came from.
Jowai, July 06: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Seng Kmie through its Game & Sports Committee has once again launched a campaign to encourage the youth in sports activities. The 7WASA Body Building & Fitness Championship 2014 will be held on the 28th June
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) in its meeting held recently demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District should withdraw the order to arrest the results of children, including newly enrolled children who have not been vaccinated against Measles Rubela.
Furthermore, on the 4th of this month, 22 people were tested positive for the virus.
: The North East Sunshine Trust (India) has recently sent a Detailed Project Report (DPR) to the Central Government to start uranium mining in Meghalaya.
The festival will be opened on 15/11/2023 as this day is the day of honor of the freedom fighter of the people and this is a memorial to all the people who took part in this freedom struggle.
The opening of these shops will be from Monday to Thursday until further notice. This announcement has been sent to all the Incident Commanders and Block Development Officers.
What surprised the CORP is that there is an organization within the constituency which has been called '12 Development Organization' The MLA has donated a lot of money to this party.
Dr Arun said that the office is ready to prepare the schemes and what is needed is for the farmers or groups to submit their proposals for the work they want to do with NECTER. If it is not a grant, it may be an interest-free loan.
Regarding the absence of Adelbert Nongrum, a member of the United Progressive Forum, Lambor said that as the leader of the group, he had met with the MLA of North. Shillong, but he expressed his feelings and this is a democracy where a person can express his feelings and that cannot be stopped.
All these games were held to attract the crowd.
The LYWA has nothing to oppose if Mukul wants to introduce the railway to the secretariat or even to Shillong, if he has implemented strong laws that have ensured that the authorities do not get away. and to violate the rights of our citizens.
Therefore, through this statement, the Seng strongly condemns the disrespect for the special days of the Jaitbynriew.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Process T Sawkmie on the arrears of government employees, said that the The Prime Minister's Office informed the House that out of the remaining 30%, 1⁄4th has been released and that is 7.5% of the arrears.
A temporary clash broke out between the two parties after the HYC leaders tried to move away from the road until a temporary heavy traffic jam occurred which affected the vehicles coming from the Civil area. and those who intend to go to the IGP, Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
The aim of the Synjuk Seng Samla Shnong is to participate as a group of youth in each village for the betterment and to eradicate many evils and obstacles. block the way in society.
While there is no one all-encompassing definition of the term, many understand that it refers to new business ventures.
Because they come to earn money to the remote villages of Meghalaya especially to the tourist destinations as this has affected the income of the indigenous people and the state.
If only 1.4 crore Bangladeshi Hindus come to live here in our state and become Indian citizens through this Act, our small nation will fall into suffering and perhaps we will and they shall become fugitives in their own land.
This month, revenues from domestic payments (including purchases of foreign services) were 16% higher than revenues from these sources in the same month last year.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 61, East Garo Hills 18, West Garo Hills 13, Ri Bhoi 8, South West Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 and North Garo Hills
it means that it is the most important part of the structure of any creature; it is the part or part between heaven and earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited South West Garo Hills to inspect the preparations for the prevention and control of Covid-19 in the district.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Development, Sniawbhalang Dhar and to the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N. Marak requesting him to to find ways and means to alleviate the water shortage in the villages that still fall under the North Shillong Constituency.
Therefore, to maintain and preserve the new religion of righteousness and also to establish our own new religious thought, knowledge of family, knowledge of family, knowledge of man, knowledge of God and to earn righteousness, now is the time for the people. All over the Khai and Jaintia Hills have joined hands to take part in this festival.
As it is now, the Sixth Schedule has been passed for many years without any amendment and now it is time for the MDCs to express their views on the issue whether they still want the District Council to exist or whether they want to lose it. said one of the elders who did not want to be named.
However, these are the rules of the law that have been mentioned above.
He said that the blockade of the MeECL office in Leishka which will start from the 14th of this month will continue until MeECL implements all these demands.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Horasing Khongsdam, Interim Secretary of the Village Council, Shillong, said that it is surprising to see that the former Rangbah Shnong Roswell Khongthohrem has been removed. In the dorbar on 31/08/2019, he is still willing to accept as it has appeared in the media that he is still the Rangbah Shnong.
Let us take a decision to promote tourism in the country.
“Earlier we were shocked by Dr Mukul Sangma because he said that ILP cannot be implemented because Parliament will not approve but now Parliament has approved to implement ILP in Manipur, so we will come out again to demand. “We demand that the government should hold a special session to approve the implementation of the ILP in the state,” said Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh.
In the area, 13 works are currently underway to build or upgrade roads and bridges totaling 133.8 km.
The thieves will be able to track down the vehicle and the thieves will no longer be able to drive the vehicle.
Answering questions, Ms Synrem said that to work for the people is better as an independent candidate because even if you are in a party you have to follow the rules of the party where you cannot work independently. according to the feeling of what should be done.
Another issue is the Coke factories in Shallang which have emerged as tid, the number of these Coke factories has exceeded 20, in the last meeting the Deputy Commissioner gave the There are only three Coke factories in the country that have proper permits from the Single Window Agency and Concern to Establish and Concern to Operate.
: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday issued a notice to the State Government and other relevant authorities to respond to the allegation of irregularities in the age of appointment in the Meghalaya Police Department.
He also urged the people of Uttar Pradesh to visit the North East as we are all in one country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The annual Procession Eucharist at Laitumkhrah Cathedral is a time for Catholic Christians to express their faith to the world and to obey the leaders of the Church through this procession.
Shillong, June 03: The Executive Committee of the Mawlai Sports Club; The meeting was held recently at its office at Madan Heh, where members of the Advisory Bard (including Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai Villages, players and former office bearers, as well as members of the Technical Expert Committee), has discussed the ongoing construction at Madan Heh.
Referring to corruption, Rituraj said that the BJP party considers corruption as a disease and is against corruption and against the rule of the same house. those who fight against the country.
Joining Roy Dkhar Waheh Shnong of Khlieh Myntriang said that the public meeting was convened by the JAC of 40 villages in collaboration with the JSM to demand that the government should postpone the meeting. the factory because it really affected the people around it.
To the villagers, as soon as we find our fellow citizens who are slow to pay the electricity bill, they are quick to cut off the electricity bill, but to these people who live here, we have to pay the electricity bill. bording, we have to share the burden that MeECL is facing that they cannot pay their bills, but we are surprised that in this place they (MeECL) have been providing electricity for decades. ," said Bah Synrem.
“Each of our states has its own characteristics, rights, beauty, traditions,” Modi said.
In the Congress party, he served as Vice President of Shillong City and in the constituency as Working President.
Today, more than 16 lakh and 31,000 tree seedlings have been planted under the campaign.
Prof Mrs Badaplin War, Padma Shri, was the chief guest at the meeting. James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy, founder of the Church, was also present. .
The political parties in the UDF are the PDF, KHNAM, NCP and independent MLA Lambor Malngiang, who are also in the MDA government. Banteidor Lyngdoh said that their meeting with the Prime Minister was after they had set a date earlier.
The Prime Minister urged the government as a whole to work together with the state governments as well as the districts and directed all the government ministers to be vigilant that the hospitals are well maintained. work and monitor forest fires.
In reply to Question 1456 by Shmt Meenakshi Lekhi on the progress of uranium mining in Meghalaya, the Central Government has already prepared a Detail Project Report. Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA), Environmental Management Plan (EMP) and other documents required for this purpose.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah David said that the party in Meghalaya is very old and for reasons that cannot be avoided, the party has stopped its activities but now it has been resolved. problems and started working again.
It is also the first time that a woman has won the MDC election in the JHADC. The victories of the candidates according to the parties in the JHADC are as follows, 1- War East , Stephanson Mukhim IND, 2191.2-War Central, Hollando Lamih INC, 3109.3-War West, Het Pohthmi IND, 3488.4-Sohmyntieng-Khliehtyrshi, Madonbai Rymbai INC, 3416.5Mawady2,Mukhla Wa mother, Light Shylla INC, 3946.7-Citizen, UDP Garod,
Shillong, March 19: Suman Lyngdoh today was crowned Miss Shillong 2013 at the Miss Shillong Fashion Society 2013 held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
On this occasion, he also shared many of the challenges that this newspaper has faced from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 04: ANTF today arrested six persons from a vehicle (ML 05 E 8363) and a bike (ML 05 AC 9261) from Mawiong and Mawiong. 64.1 grams of heroin were seized.
The group of journalists praised the dignity and sustainable way of life of Meghalaya which has been in harmony with the environment since ancient times.
Jai Shree Ram was proclaimed inside the temple on the occasion of Hanuman Jayanti. This celebration of Hanuman Jayanti is a great honor among the Hindus. Tilak and Sindoor to my friends.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Nine new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced. 1.
During the meeting, the union urged the KHADC to ensure that those who have received trading licenses should do exactly that job and not anything else.
If it affects Assam, it will affect our state.
Before the meeting, the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi was sung.
“I hope that the Sub-Division will benefit the people,” he said. “I did not intend to contest the MLA election but I would like to express my gratitude to the MDA government and I have agreed to NPP's mid-term elections".
Police have admitted that the firearms seized are suspected to belong to the GNLA which is currently involved in the ongoing peace talks between the central government and the state government. and this organization.
There is a problem with changing the old way of working to the new one.
Three people have died of the disease today, two of them are from East Khasi Hills District, the deaths from the disease in the state have risen to 1374 people.
The debate on the motion of no objection tabled by the opposition led by Conrad K Sangma started at 11.15 AM and continued. Replying to the comments of the opposition on the motion of no confidence in the government, Conrad K Sangma said that this is an opportunity for the government to get clear on all the allegations against the government.
In his speech, Samla Lambokstar Marngar said that the state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma should not just pass the resolution in the Assembly but should take action and follow the Indian government. He said that if the Indian government introduces a law to protect us, we are ready for any part of the struggle.
Regarding the smuggling of people on the border with Bangladesh, the BSF has set up a special team to monitor these smuggling activities. more than border patrol.
The Chief Minister said that he knows that the people of Kharkutta area have too much need for the CHC. On this occasion, the Chief Minister announced that the PHC of this area will soon be upgraded to a PHC. Kharkutta Constituency is one of the largest constituencies on the border with Assam. For this reason, the government has launched the Inter-State Border Area Development Program (ISBADP) scheme. the scheme of development works are all implemented.
She said that the residents and management of these schools have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the Chief Minister but they have not yet received any reply.
The TULBA leader urged the people to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which have been issued by the Deputy Commissioner's office and the BDO's office. following the guidelines, we have been able to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that the Umtru Power Plant which has been in operation since 1957 is no longer producing electricity.
Meanwhile, 44 water tanks tested were not safe for drinking.
Also, hard-fought battle saw Meghalaya emerge victorious against Punjab with a score of 2-1.
On the other hand, the MPMC feels that women and children at this time no longer have that sense of security in their lives due to the prevalence of crime.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, said that in this AYUSH, traditional Khasi healers will be involved to work with AYUSH to revive the lost traditional medicine.
This has caused problems to the people of the area and has put a lot of pressure on the doctors in the district as the number of doctors and the number of people according to the World Health Organization guidelines is 1 doctor per 1000 people. resident.
The training was concluded at a function held on 23rd March 2013 at Mawkatad Presbyterian LP, UP & Secondary School, Mawpynthih. Chief Guest Bah Hamlet Dohling who is also the Adviser of MLSA who praised the NYKS, Shillong for taking the initiative to conduct such trainings which are truly food to build the longbriew manbriew especially the The youths who live in the rural areas to bring back once again the Akor ka Burom which has begun to disappear in these days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Congress party is preparing to file a complaint with the Speaker of the House against 12 MLAs of the party who have defected from the party and announced that they have joined the All India Trinamul Congress. AITMC).
The reporter has collected the names of the families affected by the earthquake including Shiba Makri, Solbanshon Makri, Jantilin Makri, Perisha Makri, Hemelin Wahlang, Krinbina Wahlang, Biora Wahlang, Riton Makri, Diamon Makri, Bilding Makri, Pyndondor Makri, Dwit Lyngdoh, Bitilin Wahlang, Rophia Lyngdoh, Wandarisha Lyngdoh, Sukjai Makri, Birial Wandashaym Makri, Speely Makri , Helen Lymphouid, Thiol Macri and Jewing Macri.
The court said in the order that it has no intention of interfering with freedom of expression on the disease, but at the same time directed the media to monitor and publish news and information. provided by the Government in relation to these.
He said that the sericulture scheme which should have been in Ri Bhoi has been moved to Ampati. He said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has not done anything for the state but all the schemes have been moved to Ampati. “The problems faced by the students of Jaintia Hills every year at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The MPSC has been accused many times of delaying the conduct of the job vacancy examination after calling for applications and the delay from calling for applications to conducting the examination has been too long. year.
Meanwhile, those households under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana will receive 35 kilos of rice per household.
Superintendent of Police Rituraj Ravi said that Luikham committed suicide at 7:30 pm.
The Prime Minister congratulated the athletes and their coaches for their victory at the Commonwealth Games 2022 held in Birmingham, where India won 22 gold medals, 16 silver and 23 bronze medals in various sports.
In order for India to reach the cliffs, we need to have modern infrastructure.
Copies and school supplies were distributed to 60 children in Umrynjah.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, told SP News Agency that Michael Warjri has been released on bail from Assam today. in Ri Bhoi District.
She wanted to recall that Purno Sangma had previously joined the Trinamool Congress but did not stay long because the people of Meghalaya could not accept this foreign party.
The parties on the poster are AIBEA, AIBOA, BEFI, INBEF and INBOC. These four parties have called for this strike to support the demand for a union of all workers. in the Ri.
In his speech, he emphasized the theme of India's G20 Presidency – One World, One Family, One Future, and said that this is a message that unites us. everything.
Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chairman of NESO said that the people of this area are against the central government's plan and if the central government goes ahead with this plan, the North East will be destroyed. I'm all in the middle of the night.
The boundaries of Nonghyllam Police Station are Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat Police Station to the east, Ranikor Police Station to the East and West and Rongara Police Station to the west.
At the same time, the party has made it clear that it is not against the allocation of land to the Nagaland government but the important thing is to think first of the people of the state.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Additional Director General of BSF, Kolkata, Sonali Mishra, IPS today visited the BSF Frontier Meghalaya.
Police believe that GNLA leader Sohan D Shira was present at the scene.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Police in East Garo Hills District have arrested Rajesh M Marak and recovered a pistol from his house and three unused bullets.
With regard to the streamlining of training, inactive training courses have been removed and the training schedule for apprentices has been streamlined (with opportunities to meet the needs of workplaces and jobs).
The union is now preparing to send a complaint to the Ministry of Forest and Environment of the Union Government not to grant permission regarding the acquisition of land by Star Cement to quarry the mawshuh from the area. the forest will affect the people.
The Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima should hold a clear discussion to have a policy on where to allocate land or where to use land. MLAs, MDCs, the city and surrounding areas to clarify on this issue, which the Elaka, Trade, Planning, and other departments of KHADC, should also consider this issue, and many others. Other parts are how we the children of thousands suffer when the KHADC authorities and MDCs of Mylliem Hima do not take action to think about the lack of Dorbar Hima.
They are worried that if three months have passed without being able to appoint even one person, it will put them in trouble if MeECL cannot appoint them in the remaining six months.
The trials of three new vaccines are nearing completion, said Minister Duh.
The time has come for us to fight against the problem.
The parents of these two children, the Principal and the teacher of the class at Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School today came together and found that it was a misunderstanding.
There are 280 recoveries, 127 from East Khasi Hills and 50 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
He recalled the speech of the Chinese High Commissioner during his visit to India in which he said that India and China should be close trade partners and it is the duty of all. two countries to resolve whether it is in the field of trade because it has a lot of potential in the field of development.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP Nartiang Unit Leader Bin Raliang urged Dr M Ampareen, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to upgrade Nartiang PHC to CHC or to provide that Doctor that nurse or complete.
All the Ministers in the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma should take responsibility for the destruction of the homes of their relatives in Umsawli and should also take responsibility if anything happens to them. Our people who live in any part of the country.
Balkarin Ch Marak, convener of the All Garo Hills Joint Action Committee, said that the demand for ILP in Meghalaya is grounded to protect against the entry of foreigners. He said the NPP government and all the MLAs should work together to introduce ILP in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the DC urged the people not to take the law into their own hands.
During these 72 hours, warnings have been issued to all Districts, Flying Squads have been deployed to all Assembly Constituencies, Monitoring Teams have been deployed regarding the expenses of the candidates. who intend to contest the election.
The next trains will leave China and arrive in Guwahati tomorrow, Gujarat on the 15th and Bangalore on the 16th. these will be available on dates to be announced.
The deceased was identified as Santosh Pradhan, 52, of Lachumiere.
Many of the policemen who were in the area were also injured in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Consulate General of the United States of America, Mr. Craig L. Hall today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his office in the presence of Brigadier General David E. Brigham at the US Embassy in Delhi.
Besides the supporters of the HSPDP and BJP, the vice president of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mawkyrwat Block, Bah Kordor Kharlyngdoh and his team, also witnessed the joining of the Congress.
In Ri Bhoi, the curfew went smoothly without any incident except for the burning of two government offices, one of the PWD and the other of the government veterinary department.
According to a tweet posted by the BSF, the discussion was on how to provide full security along the border between Bangladesh and India.
Speaking at a rally in Mawsynram before the start of the race, the Governor said that the Governor's Cup Half-Marathon is the first in India and the purpose of the race is to long to promote sports activities.
The Umngi River flows through many villages like Kenbah, Kenmynsaw, Domskong, Mawrapat, Mawsawa, Mawkasain, Kenbah Malai, Phlangwanbroi, Kynrang, Rangweng, Pyndensohsaw, Jyllep, Khiehriat and Pomblang. , Laitumsaw, Dangar, Dangar Dop, Umsawrang, Photstein, Umlynter, Lalpani and Pynden Borsora.
The Chief Minister said that so far 2192 students and foreign workers who are still stranded abroad in different parts of the country have not been able to return home. that they wanted to come home.
The meeting was attended by representatives of various companies in the country producing herbal medicines.
Speaking on the launch of the Ideas Portal on Viskit Bharat, Minister Duh said that comments can be made on four topics.
There are 96374 people tested for COVID-19 so far and 94646 people have recovered.
It is learned that during the meeting they discussed the increase in the bailight which has increased too much and during the meeting they stressed that MeECL should ensure that the bill does not It was also discussed that more linemen should be appointed in the rural areas.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongkor, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), after receiving the approval from the Governor of Meghalaya for the post of CEM, to be part of the Executive Committee.
These central government schools are not only in a few states, in the eastern parts of India because they do not accept Hindi because in these schools Hindi is the main subject.
A spelling competition for students under the seventh grade and another for those in the ninth and eighth grade.
New Delhi, June 23: The Union Government has changed the allocation for the North Eastern States under the National Rural Drinking Water Scheme. it is in the ratio of 90:10, which means that the state governments will contribute 10% and the central government will contribute 90%.
Dr. D.Thangkhiew, LAC, District Legal Aids Services Authority, spoke on the law to protect the elderly.
During his visit to India, the Japanese Ambassador also planted a Japanese Sakura tree in the grounds of the Raj Bhavan.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Tisosstarwell Chyne, MLA, Chief Guest, the Executive Members of the Khasi Authors' Society, Teachers of Schools and Colleges of Sohra, Members of the Managing Committee of these three schools Thomas Jones, Pastor and Judges of Mawmluh Presbyterian Church, Sirdar of Mawmluh, leaders of NGOs of the area and friends.
However, it does not mean that your words encourage the Government, that it is a Non-Schedule Area and a European Ward, the Government will do whatever it wants but it is (the representative) of the people and cannot do whatever it wants.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in collaboration with the Jaintia National Movement (JNM) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of Speak on the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 and the rules issued on 11/3/2
On the allegation that Bah Pala does not hold DISHA meetings in the constituency, Bah Ronnie said that we should understand that in the past 2-3 years, there has been a Covid-19 pandemic and there are many schemes which the Government of India has not released.
However, the players of Jofika FC also fought hard to score the first goal.
The union has expressed its surprise to see that after these teachers have been serving for four years, suddenly this year the Ministry of Education has asked for an explanation from these teachers on The reason why shouldn't they be dismissed, because according to the evidence of the High Level Scrutiny Committee, these teachers have received the teaching job without any basis.
Finally, the union urges the government to consider this issue and also to expedite the implementation of the draft policy.
The HYC urges the suppliers to distribute these schemes fairly, now is the time when people are in trouble and lose their daily wages, so please don't mislead us to give only partial. , It would be a shame if you suppliers treated people badly at such a time.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle in a statement strongly condemns the robbery and illegal activities of the authorities who smuggled from Bangladesh into the border of the country. India at the same time has demanded that the law enforcement agencies should immediately arrest the perpetrators.
The order was issued after HANM announced in the media that it will hold a village protest in front of the MHC on the day the NGT will hear the coal mining case.
Donald called on the Khasi students to be united because there are many forces from home and abroad who want to divide the Jaidbynriew in the name of religion.
He said that the songs are one of the ways to preach the word of God to all people and the songs reach not only those who are in faith but reach all the nations that God has chosen. love everyone with the same love.
The items distributed today were, Powers Tiller, Syntax tanks, Sports items, Stationery / education material, Sewing Machine, Chair Plastic, Gum boot, Umbrella & Torch light, Tarpaulin, Presser Cooker, Medicines.
The HYC has urged the state government and all the 60 MLAs to take action on these demands of the HYC and the people of the state. November 16: The Cabinet meeting today decided to amend the Meghalaya Physical Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2006 to also brought an amendment to this Act.
The injured were identified as Buhroi Syiemiong, 21, and Therina Mawlong, 61, from Bhoirymbong.
The situation continues to be monitored at the level of the Prime Minister.
The seizure of Yaba pills has increased significantly with 19000 pills seized in 2022, up to 60,000 pills seized in 2023 and 2000 pills seized in 2024.
On the other hand, it is to be recalled that the FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit this month has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of the PHE Investigation Division to demand the replacement of the drilling pump. At the same time, the Seng has demanded that proper water pumps should be installed so that it will not cause problems to the water supply. that the People of the Village.
The Election Department has estimated that more than 1.5 lakh youths who have reached the age of 18 years have not yet registered on the electoral roll. East Khasi Hills District has 55,025 candidates, West Garo Hills 2,899, South Garo Hills 12,129 and Ri Bhoi District 11,4
Persons who wish to obtain this Certificate must register their land with this department at the DC'S Office, and the fee is too high when registering land with the Registrardept.
This day was a memorable day for the church and as the priest the Father of the day has taken part in many activities to improve the community.
He said that rape of women happens every day.
She has that attitude of helping and sharing, and the spirit of helping each other.
The IFSAP leader invited the people of Ri Khasi to come together to witness this special celebration of the traditional religion in his state.
The State Government has also passed a law and appointed an expert committee to include the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo as members to deliberate on these demands.
We want to see a good road in this area but not a two lane because we know that the Government of India wants to destroy this land which if we make a wrong decision now maybe it will be a disaster tomorrow. How will the state government feel if the state government takes away this road project or decides not to build more roads in Wahkaji and Mawthabah? It is up to the government to decide but we are ready to fight by any means if it tries to achieve the construction of the Two Lane.
Sometimes, they also say that the family members of those called have been found involved in illegal activity or injury and are with them.
Who will be held responsible if any accidents happen to the Children? Why the police have to take such a step is a question that we as the citizens of the State have to know and understand? The HYC demands that the Government should appoint a team of inquiry to To find out the truth about today's incident and to punish the police or magistrates who have been authorized to fire tear gas at teachers and their children so that such incidents will not happen again.
Before the march to the Secretariat, there was a public speech at the venue of the village protest where speakers were delivered by volunteers.
The KSU cannot accept and if this continues we have to come out and fight with the police,” he said.
Speaking to the residents of the area, they said that fish weighing from 20 kilos to 100 kilos are no longer available in this village because the Myntdu River is not safe. There is a lack of fish of all kinds to survive and grow in this river which is not far from Bangladesh.
Police have arrested KSU Nongmynsong President Dondor Wahlang and General Secretary Banlumlang Lyngdoh for recovering jri and stones from their bodies. The police have issued a notice to the members of the KSU on charges of involvement in the recent arson of vehicles. the police went to look for them.
In another match, Mawngap beat Kith United 3-1 to reach the semifinals.
Most of them are students who do not attend school, especially in professional courses.
Shillong, July 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today asked why only the KSU is opposed to the railway line at Byrnihat.
The union also demands that the government and the health department should transfer these villages to Rangthong PHC as it is closer to Rangthong and Mawkyrwat. rather than going down to Ranikor to meet the needs of the people.
A safe, inclusive and open education for students and teachers.
On the other hand, Bah Procees also spoke about the shortage of foodgrains for the poor, the problems of the people regarding the GST. There is a lot of traffic jam in Shillong and the government should find a place to dump garbage elsewhere and turn Marten into a playground.
We have to show them (the Government) that we have a business.
He said that in India there have been too many holidays and this has affected the way people work.
Referring to the Congress MDCs, he said that the INC has now become more stingy than a tree leaf. He said in the House that yesterday they submitted a letter of support and tomorrow they withdrew it. what they do this action speaks volumes about their character.
The Government has united all the communities for the development of the country.
About 100 members of the ANVC(B) have stayed in the area but have left and their leader Rimpu Marak also used to stay in the area.
Such flooding has also happened in Wan Kynshi where people have had to evacuate their homes.
He said that after contacting their relatives, they took the two youths to a hospital near Guwahati, Assam.
Shillong, July 13: The Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Food and Civil Supplies Department is facing difficulties in linking Aadhar and Ration cards in the state due to the lack of applicants.
The expansion of freedom in our country in many ways has led to the expansion of freedom for women in our country.
“At present, there is no place for the poor,” said Nangaibormi Sutnga.
Many of the Congress leaders who have left the party have said that they do not support the candidate nominated by the Congress party from Mawhati Constituency for the MDC election
Bollywood actor John Abraham on Tuesday visited the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Stadium, NEHU, Shillong to meet the sportsmen who have been selected for the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Stadium. The Super Elite Pathway Program has been conducted by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association since last month.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of South West Khasi Hills District has set up an Election Control Room for the MP election to be held next month for the 35th Ranikor constituency. (ST) and 36 Mawkyrwat (ST).
The Vice President of India, M. Venkaiah Naidu in his condolence message today said that Lata Mangeskhar is a nightingale in Indian cinema.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Public Account Committee of the Legislative Assembly today summoned the officers of the Ministry of Agriculture to ask them what has been revealed in the report of the Controller Auditor General of the Ministry of Agriculture. T.9 crore has been deposited in the bank.
The report was read out by Bah PD Nongrum, General Secretary of the party.
Regarding the power outage, the SP Agency has spoken to the PRO of NEEPCO, the central government company which supplies electricity to Meghalaya and other states. North East.
The presence of locals will also strengthen the number of guards.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya in charge of the Raj Bhavan today informed the public that the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya will be opened specially for the public to visit the flowers. plant many trees in this place for the benefit of the people.
Tura, Jymmang 28: The Commander-in-Chief of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Sohan D Shira today said that the GNLA strongly condemns all those who use the the name of the organization to demand money from the public.
before the race with the 1200.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. II Syiem, Block Medical Officer Mawkynrew and Dr. JB Ranee, DMCHO East Khasi Hills.
Why doesn't it take action to arrest the top drug traffickers, why doesn't it arrest those who steal from banks and ATMs?
Many of the shopkeepers and shopkeepers in Police Bazar started to leave their shops, but fortunately it didn't last long and lasted only for seconds. caused any damage as of this writing.
The Government of India is committed to ensuring a safe and secure media in the country whether it is newspapers, television or online media.
By comparing those principles, policies and activities of political parties, voters can decide which party they should follow or vote for in order to achieve their goals. they expect and they desire.
Sanbor said he did this as a leader of the people and not from the party.
Other speakers were TBn Boldness L. Nongum, Chairman of SLED, Rev. A.Rymmai, Executive Secretary and the meeting was conducted by Rev.NO Kharlukhi.
If the demand for the withdrawal of the BSF from these areas is not met, the union will consider another step.
When questioned by the police, Andrew said that he had raped Snor Kharkongor for 40 years and broke the law. Police have taken him to court and he is still in the custody of the police for investigation. being murdered.
The Union also agrees and supports the statement of the Union of Rangbah Kur, South West Khasi Hills District that this introduction of foreigners is a "change in the royal household of the Hima Maharam"
Meanwhile, the entire state has been restricted and many have been imprisoned due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the law of the state government has restricted the indigenous people to the extent that many of them are poor and earners. They shall be fined if they violate the rules and regulations of the State Government.
The pass rate of the students this year was 98.75%. The college also distributed the Kitdor Memorial Award 2019 with Momentos and Cash to the two Toppers of the College. Arts Stream and Commerce Stream who passed in the First Division and four others in the same category.
What the people understand is that the agreement means that if one party has nominated a candidate, another party will not nominate a candidate but will support the candidate of any party from among themselves according to the agreement.
Police are still searching for the people involved in the petrol bomb blast.
However, although he graduated with a low rank, he worked hard and succeeded until he became a High School Teacher from 1905 to
The incident took place at Malki Point, Dhankheti and the police together with the magistrates tried to arrest some of them.
The fifth Assembly will now end on 10th June 2013. The election to elect new leaders to the Sixth Assembly should be held before that time so that the new government can form. you cannot receive it before the end of that date.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig Dr.BD Mishra Retd, has sent his greetings to all the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the Nongkrem Festival, especially to the Khasi people. to all the gods “The God of Rule”.
However, due to the lockdown, we have learned that many retired soldiers from Manipur have registered with the Meghalaya District Military Department.
Hamlet said the Association will also discuss the allocation of funds for the construction of spectator seats and dressing rooms for the players.
The cause of the fire has not been reported yet. It is learned that one of the children of the house has been seriously injured and no tragic incident has been reported.
The NPP MDCs in a letter to the CEM today said that the party has nothing to do with the decision to appeal to the High Court. Jambor War's work is wrong.
“He said Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi are two examples which have been polluted due to the lack of control over the dumping of garbage.
Jinu said that many students from Mawlyndep and other neighboring villages have already taken admission but for more than 10 months the students have not been able to start their first semester classes. Because colleges are still in darkness, that is to take classes according to the old course or according to the new era through the NEP. This Policy will help to improve education in the State and the country as a whole.
Referring to Garo Hills, the CLP leader said that they will win from four constituencies. The Congress party does not depend on one or two people but has a group to work together as a party.
Police have recovered 15 Gelatin Sticks, 167 IEDs, one Safety Fuse Wire, 3 Non Electric Detonators from the suspects. , 5 mobile phones, a Bolero Pick-up number ML-1
The union strongly warns this company that if it continues to do anything that is not in accordance with the welfare of the Jaidbynriew, the union will not hesitate but to expel it from the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Umden PHC has conducted this day to test the people to ensure that the people in the area will have peace of mind and at the same time to educate the people to follow the guidelines of the Umden PHC. the government through the Ministry of Health.
On this occasion, the development works implemented in the state were also discussed.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Legislative Assembly of the Federation of Khasi States, the Legislative Assembly of Dolloi and the Legislative Assembly of Nokma, today (21-02-2017), at Lumbasuk. , Demthring, Shillong to discuss the AINs issued by the State Government and the Autonomous District Council (Sixth Scheduled) After nearly three hours of discussion, the FKS Dorbar has decided to urge all the 54 Himas, 19 Elaka and 1400 Nokmas to immediately take action. These two Acts, the Meghalaya Building Bylaws 2011 (one hundred and forty pages) and the Land Development and Building Regulation 2015 (one hundred and forty-four pages), have been passed before the people in their Dorbar Shnongs, Raid and Dorbar Hima, as part of explaining to the children of the thousands of the problems and responsibilities that may arise from both the AINs, which have many provisions in English.
The AIM strongly urges the government not to be a stumbling block in this regard as it is the right of every citizen and if the Meghalaya government does not allow the AIM to hold the This public meeting shows that it has not respected the Constitution of India as well as the decisions of the Supreme Court or High Court.
Police said that GNLA C-In-C Sohan D Shira was also involved in the incident but managed to escape.
The PDF has expelled these three MDCs after they went to support the Executive Committee of Bah HS Shylla within the Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHADA). .
Bah Ron, who works as a Junior Engineer in the Water Conservation Department, Shillong, is a resident of Umroi PIC, Ummiam Police Station.
This will also connect Karbianglong with the trade route from Meghalaya to Bangladesh, which will help in the trade of Mwshun, coal, timber and others.
Shillong, July 9: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 448 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19, mostly in East Khasi Hills. to 4849 people.
Speeches were delivered by O Timung, Ferdinand Kharkamni, Biangbor Paliar and Donald V Thabah.
In his speech, Pastor Kross expressed his gratitude to the HYC Nongmensong unit and the entire organization for coming to help in this step. I'm going to celebrate Christmas this year.
The speakers at the seminar were Dr. Sandor RL Nongbri and Mrs. Naphibanmer Laso.
Speaking to media after the BAC meeting, the Deputy Speaker said that at present it has not been confirmed whether there will be an election to elect the Speaker of the House. is currently empty due to the demise of the speaker.
“We are still looking for the person who runs (Rapido) and we will send him a Show Cause Notice and remove their App.
Shillong, March 30: Leaders of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (AWU) have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Police said that they are conducting investigation to find out more about the activities of the HNLC. Police said that with the seizure of these weapons, they will continue to investigate. inquiry.
The workshop was conducted by the students of BSc Psychology who are currently in the fourth semester of their studies at the university. kyrni in human nature.
Police immediately tracked down the phone number after the location showed that it was on Tihu National Highway and informed the Tihu Police Station for further investigation.
These are the struggles which the children of thousands of Ri Khasi have been fighting to this day to follow the path of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima.
The National President of the party, Cornad K Sangma, also launched the party's almanac.
On the other hand, the party will continue to monitor this issue.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister also informed that the government will implement the demand of the people to upgrade Bajengdoba PHC to CHC, this will be implemented soon.
Regarding the staff, there is a shortage of accommodation for the staff in the government health centres.
On the other hand, the HYC cannot accept and strongly condemns such statements.
Police said the child was staying at the home of Anjali Chanda at Hindu Mission, Lumdiengjri.
The GMIS 2023 summit concluded with a meeting on maritime transport led by Dr Mansukh Mandaviya, Union Minister in charge of Health and Chemicals and Fertilizers. Shantanu Thakur, Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping & Waterways, GoI. This was followed by a special meeting led by Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister in charge of Finance, Government of India on investment for maritime-related businesses, insurance and legal services.
Members of the union led by Assistant Education Secretary Bonny Jyrwa and General Secretary Shane Nongrum arrested the foreigner behind the MUDA parking lot at Khyndai Lad.
Apprenticeships, some say, are the reason for the reduction in unemployment and the increased productivity of those working in factories in such developed countries.
He was one of the greatest fighters for independence and one of the founders of the struggle to make India a single country.
He said that the railway is the responsibility of the central government and the North East Frontier Railway is the contractor, but peace and order in the state is the responsibility of the state government and not the central government. .
Shillong, Nailur The Dorbar Shnong Madur, as one of the villages in West Jaintia Hills, has expressed its concern over the attitude of the Chief Minister on the demand of the 10 Sengbhalang for the immediate implementation of the ILP. In a statement sent by the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong, the Dorbar Shnong Madur said that the village fully supports the protest by 10 organizations including KSU, JSU, GSU, FKJGP, NYF, RBYF and JYF. ,CSWO,KWWADA,The DS has urged the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma (CM) to respond as a father to the demands of the children so that peace and order can be restored in the state. Therefore, this will lead to more and more difficulties in the rule of law if we remain silent without listening to the demands of the people to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and authorities into the state.
Market dwellers have to wear two masks, this will help them and also the shoppers should wash their hands not to gather even if they are in the market not to shake hands and obey , don't drink tea and don't eat jalang.
He alleged that the government has not thought of the people of the state, the contractors, the farmers and as a nation has not forgotten the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta. The surprising thing is that this government has thought of bringing those people from abroad.
New Delhi, Nailar 04: The North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC) Shillong will implement 110 projects, Union Minister of State for Science and Technology Dr Jitendra Singh today said. in five North Eastern States by 2024.
The party said that if anyone supports the bill, the party will take strong action.
Shillong, July 03: Doctors of Meghalaya under the Lama MMSA have said that they can no longer listen to the government's inability to arrest the thieves and robbers of one Dr Apchan A. Sangma is working at Mahendraganj CHC, West Garo Hills.
It was Dr Donkupar Roy who gave me this chair,” said Bah Bindo.
“Because of this, those involved in corruption have united under one group.
After the meeting with the party officials, the Congress leader did not call for any speech to the three newspapers but the journalists asked questions to the party officials. Congress Bhavan, where he said he has already met with all the party leaders and what is needed is to strengthen the party.
To mark the 30th Anniversary of MUPSTA, MUPSTA will hold an Upper Primary School Teachers' Conference at Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District on the 5th November, 2023 starting at 11:0 good morning.
There were also special sessions where the children gave talks on the Common Yoga Protocol and the benefits of practicing various Asanas.
Others present were Belma Mawrie, Registrar General, High Court of Meghalaya; Mr. W.Diengdoh, District & Sessions Judge, Shillong; Kong MB Challam, Director, Meghalaya State Judicial Academy; Also present on the occasion were Muktiar from the state.
After leaving the ADC's room, the party visited the man who was shot by the BSF who is admitted to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
Shillong, July 25: The Army today issued a public notice banning the public from visiting the Shillong View Point on the occasion of the Republic Day.
However, Lajong Junior Reds lost 5-4 to Green Town in the quarterfinals on penalties.
There are 5.90 lakh households in the rural areas of the state and 1.88 lakh of them have umkor.
The proliferation of liquor shops in EJHD from winestore to illegal liquor shops has become a major threat to the youth of the area who in fact, should still spend their minds and time in EJHD. but they have been destroyed by the power of alcohol and this has affected the future of our country and nation.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The 193rd Battalion of the BSF has seized several bags of sarees worth T.42 lakh, which were smuggled to Bangladesh from the border with Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) today launched a sit-in protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat. Their salary is now six months.
In a meeting with the DC, the union suggested that schools should be the best place to provide awareness so that the children and youth who will become 10 years old can avoid this drink.
The project will provide 4G mobile services to 24,680 villages which have not yet received this in hard to reach areas.
With the arrest of Bah Julius, the police today will have to take him to court. With this arrest, all those who have been arrested in connection with the trafficking of women have arrived. to the nine.
Regarding the failure to complete the second and third phases, sources from the PWD department said that the reason is not on the part of the PWD but the failure to start is due to the failure to start. Some of the landowners have not yet received permission and this has delayed the work.
Niman said the extortion took place at Mukhla, Thadlaskein on Jowai bypass and these people were dressed in plain clothes and the extortion took place from Bolero Pickup trucks passing through this road. which falls under the Ummulong Police Station.
Bah Nehlang said that he has not won but he has resigned, but due to the decline in the constituency in many areas, the people have requested him to return to politics. After many months and later it was decided to listen to the voice of the people.
Chyne said that out of the 29 MDC constituencies, only 21 applications have been received.
The Rangbah Shnong of 20 Mer, Bah K Syngkli, said that the earthquake near the house of Bah Liana and Kong Meltina has put them in danger and their house could collapse at any time. you por if you slap bajur you wan.
It is difficult to understand because Matphran is patrolled by the police because it is a crowded place because it is close to the market and this incident happened in the constituency of the Minister of Home Affairs. .
Shillong, July 11: Congress MLA Martin M Danggo has said that the Ranikor Civil Sub Division will be ahead of the party if the Ranikor Civil Sub Division is given to the Congress government. Martin M Danggo has won the first MLA election from the PDM and in these four times. He later won from the Congress party and his victory from the Ranikor Constituency has been three consecutive terms.
The union also demanded that the Minister should open the Amphitheater at the Police Reserve Saliny Colony Mihmyntdu-Jowai. The union said that the authorities are not looking after it properly and should open it to the public for public use.
The training is a scheme from the Central Government and on this occasion, awards were given to several people who have taken up this farming as their source of income. The meeting was conducted by Dr BK Mawthoh in charge of Sohra Civil Sub Division.
Let us see how much the Government has a heart.
The CSWO urges the public not to be afraid to watch the film “Red Ant”.
The union warns that it will continue to expel such foreigners who come to work without documents to restrict their entry and exit and who violate the law.
“It is true that Shillong is no longer the same as it used to be. There have been many changes in my time. All the houses are known as “Assam Type” houses. Now these houses have many floors. I want to improve this style of design in Shillong”.
Answering questions, Prestone said that Dr Kharlukhi will contest on the NPP ticket as the candidate of the MDA government. Dr Kharlukhi as the candidate.
The assistance was distributed to these families from the money donated by the people and the total amount of money donated this year is T.33,533 tyngka. He also gave a vehicle to these families who came to Shillong to receive these aid.
The Dorbar was conducted by Bah NK Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh Mawphlang Hima, in the presence of Ministers, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Hima Secretaries, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and Elders of the area. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MIDC, Govt of Meghalaya, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States and Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, & Secretary, Federation of Khasi StatesHadien After receiving the explanations, the meeting welcomed to take action to prepare to invite the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Seng Bhalang and the people from the villages to attend the Special Dorbar Ri. on 13 February 2013 to bring honor and reputation to the entire nation.
He urged the voters of Nongmawlai to become wise, as leaders of the right, Prestone said the party will use the RL Tariang from Amlarem will join the party.
The KSU also suggests that through the new Reservation Policy and Roster System, we should no longer look back (retrospectively) on the shortcomings of any community but move forward (prospectively) according to the newly allocated allocation. .
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone (Shella Area) has received a complaint from many residents and village leaders regarding the issuance of birth certificates to suspected foreigners. Dr. M. Kar of Ichanmati CHC run by an NGO known as the Citizen Foundation.
Dozens of priests were present to celebrate this great day in which the church was able to get another priest to work in this field of the owner.
He said that a developing state like Meghalaya should also take the lead in setting up digital resources for the country, especially the student enrollment platform as part of the NDEAR and also to He said that NEHU should work with educational institutions and groups across the state to share knowledge and experience especially in the field of education. training to improve skills in rural areas.
As the union has opposed any proposal to mine uranium from the state since the past, the union now expresses its strong opposition to this soskular (MOU) signed. between UCIL and KHADC in
Michael Nongtdu (INC) and
The reason why these journalists were arrested in the middle of the road was that they were on their way to inspect the houses that have been destroyed and destroyed in Swad Village. While in the area, we received information through our mobile phone that there were many people from Lumkseh to Mawkynring who had already stopped them on the road.
Speaking to reporters at his residence in Nongrim Hills, he said that a meeting was held with the General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, Luizinho Faleiro today. Please participate in this discussion via Zoom Meeting.
This will be accompanied by a 21 Gun Salute by the members of the 8711 Field Battery.
Answering questions, Kharbani said that the inability to resolve the border issue is due to the lack of attention of the people's leaders. HANM, and in the border clashes, the people have been killed.
Regarding the collapse, the Superintendent of Police in charge of West Jaintia Hills said that three vehicles were lost in the incident and no one was injured.
It is estimated that the scheme will create about 17 lakh job opportunities in manufacturing, logistics, sales, installation, O&M and other services.
What happened in the Sobhgya scheme is that they have already decided where to give the price increase. He mentioned only one job in terms of 70% of the job and The price of 9.5 meter electricity posts is T.16900/- each but the Satnam company has set the price of T.24176/- in the Khasi Hills. .
For example, the seller's photograph, address, description of the tree about the cow, and the seller must promise in writing that the cow will not be slaughtered for food.
In Switzerland, Parliament cannot pass a law without the approval of the people and that law must receive 80 percent of the votes cast.
They were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the riots on the 4th of June on the day of the KSU march. (SP News).
He was requested to call for a meeting with the party but he did not receive an invitation so the party will invite him to come along with his Ministers so that we can have the opportunity to discuss the issues. demands of the party including ILP and others.
The MCMC will look into the media reports regarding the mid-term elections for the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
They were taken to the Rhino Training Center at the Garrison Ground, where the army provided them with food and clothes for the night.
This illegal trade occurs in places that have not been registered.
He said he has resigned from all his posts within the party since 21 July
The talks will continue on the border demarcation between the two states.
The VECs have requested the State Planning Board to propose to the Government to allow the VECs to build colored roads, and to repair – maintenance them.
Shillong, Lber 15: Speaking at the CBCI meeting on the ethnic groups, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the youth of the state should not look for employment opportunities. within the state but also outside the state.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
My dear citizens, On this special day of Independence, I wish all the citizens.
He added that the roads should be used properly, cleaned and maintained, but stressed that the duty of the leaders is to build the roads. the route map for the future generations through the Legislative Assembly of the State Government and the District Council.
The achievement of this rank shows that the Khasi are no longer backward people but they can achieve any goal if they continue to succeed and take responsibility for the jobs they have the skills. .
He urged them to work hard to get their own rule and the world will recognize it.
Answering a supplementary question regarding the 23 villages as expressed by the Member of the House, the Minister said that he does not have any information about these villages, but he clarified that besides this scheme There are many other schemes implemented by the Government.
Shillong, June 21: Rakesh A Sangma of the NPP has won the election for the Speaker of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today. Bright Water Believer.
The ASF personnel should look after and ensure that the villages are free from this swine fever epidemic.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department, Pravin Bakshi said that the exhibition will also open the door for book lovers to buy books that are not available in Shillong. This exhibition will start tomorrow and end on 3rd March
The BSF said that there are many cows on the border and they have to auction them according to the decision of the court.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Chairman of the Garo Hills State Movement (GHSM) Nikma CH Marak and Co-Chairman Balkarin CH Marak have sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Electricity and Power. They demanded that MeECL should replace three transformers with new ones in three villages in South Garo Hills District.
These are a few suggestions, which we would like to put before you today and request you leaders of Seng Kur Rynjah to take action to think carefully on these suggestions, and to urge the KHADC authorities that they should enforce the laws of the various tribes in this country.
Furthermore, the FKS Dorbar also discussed the need to register the same land up to three times, where the people have to register three times for the first time under the Indian Registration Act 1908, Indian Stamp (Meghalaya Amendment). Act, 1993  as per Schedule II (villages)  Guidelines for all proposed New Land Development /Master Plan of  The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Land Development and Building ) Regulation 2015  (All private and Clan land shall betive recorded with the Execu KHADC and the third according to Section
In this regard, the union has demanded that the department should not appoint Jenny G. Momin as Peon but the department should follow the appointment rules.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15: The Union Minister for the Welfare of Girls and Children, Maneka Sanjay Gandhi, on Tuesday said that all schools should comply with the guidelines laid down by the National Commission for the Protection of Children. Child Rights (NCPCR) of the WCD Ministry to prevent the illegal punishment of school children.
Members of the JAC including teachers under the umbrella of NEHUTA, students under the umbrella of NEHUSU and staff of The North Eastern Hills University Non Teaching Staff Association (NEHUNSTA) on Thursday demanded that the Vice Chancellor should immediately dismiss Rohit Prasad, who has been appointed as the Technical Advisor of the university.
This is to ensure that women should be supported by many income generation schemes by building jobs, at the same time to train them to earn. lots of information.
Jowai, Naitung 20: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NBARD) in collaboration with SURE has opened a farmers' shop at Iawmusiangban, Jowai.
She also recalled that when she was studying at Delhi University, the students of that university used Hindi as the medium of instruction in all their activities.
The reason why they said this is that if you look closely at the number of medal winners, you will find that besides these three districts, other youths have also taken part. From other districts, they did not leave home empty-handed as there were boys and girls who won medals.
Regarding the bill, Bhowal said it had already been passed on the 24th of this month but it was postponed and it was decided to bring it today. The EC doesn't have anything to do with lyndet.
Shillong, Lber 17: A member of the HNLA, Bah Elvis Syiemlieh, formerly known as Bah Lungiut, of Pyndengsohsaw village, Shillong, today arrested another member of the 2003 group. A man from Mawsynram Police Station today surrendered before the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
Speaking on behalf of more than 100 land owners who came to the Additional Secretariat to express their grievances, they said that from tomorrow they will start again because they cannot live without. you don't have to work.
The Ganol Hydro Power Project is the first hydropower plant in Garo Hills which started a long time ago and in 2014 the government at that time abandoned this scheme. Dr. Mukul Sangma is from the Congress party.
Shillong, November 17: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Mohammad Rafiq today swore in RN Ravi as the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Before the opening of the Sign Borad, a speech was delivered by those who attended the ceremony. He expressed his appreciation to Bansara Eye Care and also to the students of St Edmund's for their cooperation as part of the fight against blindness.
What surprised everyone was that this group from Shillong, not only sang English songs but also Hindi and Khasi songs, on this day they also sang a special Bengoli song. 'Bashi- I'll Be There'
During these 45 years of existence, the NEC has greatly contributed to the development of the region in all aspects.
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today honored the athletes who have brought glory to the state. won the Gold Medal in the Handmade Competition in Turkey.
In fact, the Congress and other parties wanted to call the Bharat Band a curfew across the country.
Jowai, Naitung 16: The AJYWO Sengkmie on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should follow the example of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in issuing trading licenses and also immediately abolish the trading license. TL to all foreigners and foreigners who do business and also all residents within the boundary of JHADC to enable our people to enter the country. There are different kinds of things that are not done by these foreigners.
May the Lord of Creation grant you eternal rest.
In the current MDC election, no political party has been able to win the majority to rule in the KHADC. The HSPDP won 7 MDCs, the UDP 6 MDCs, the KHNAM 4 MDCs and one independent member.
In the letter, Bah John said, “In order to address the core political issues of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, and after careful consideration on the future of the country, I have The Indian National Congress (INC) has decided to resign immediately from today, 5th April
“We have made it clear at the meeting after the issuance of the Circular on the Act, if any bank continues to reject the Loan Application and does not recognize the land titles issued by the Council, we will take the necessary action under the Non-Tribal Regulation Act, and to shut down such banks,” he said.
“We don't want to take a hasty decision because we don't want to be late and cause trouble to the people later,” said Margnar.
The four arrested were identified as Amit Mog, 29, Rajesh Kumar Keang, 33, Sanjit Debarma, 42, all from Tripura. District.
The JYF in a spirit of love and humility expresses its gratitude to you thousands of Christians of the State for your progress in the knowledge of man and knowledge of God and to love and respect peace in the country. this time.
Three new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
We urge the Government of India to take the example of Meghalaya and encourage the same scheme to other States of India as part of supporting the poor people of India. “We congratulate Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya for this vision and we hope that all the people will benefit from this scheme,” said Bah John F Kharshiing (SP News) .
The party will make it clear that this is not the beginning or the end but they will continue to spread to other areas in the coming days.
The refusal of Rangbah Rash Mohon Roy, as the founder of the school, to follow the rules and regulations as directed by the government has caused the school to lose its assistance. The school, he had to cut down many trees, climb the hills and descend the hills and cut the stones and trees to run the school forward.
Therefore, the union requests the state government and the central government to immediately repair the NH-44 road so that it will not affect the traffic of the people of Jaintia Hills.
He said that a suggestion will be sent to the government that all political parties should give the same explanation because it would not be good if only one political party should be released, when the VPP has been released. to express its views on the date and how to do what has been assigned to the committee.
The Government is aware of these problems and wants to see that this government hospital will become a place where other civil hospitals from the districts can send people to this place after they do not can no longer treat the sick.
In his speech, Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of Independent Charge, Law and Justice, explained the history of the legal profession in India and the laws relating to crime.
Shillong, June 25: Police have arrested Ibamaian Nongbri, 22, and Bah Banlamphrang Langstih, 24, on charges of breaking a baby in Nongrim Sawdew village in the past few days.
TUR is deeply concerned about the silence of political leaders and political parties on this issue.
Other shops that have been closed down are Quality Auto Agency on Keating Road, Elite Drugs Distributor, RPG Complex on Keating Road and Photo Studio on GS Road opposite UCO Bank on GS Road.
Iatyllilang FC owned by Happy-I Rymbai and Bhalang Mi-I FC owned by Sikairi Dkhar, who reached the final out of 32 Twenty teams took part in the tournament.
In his speech, Bah Vincent H Pala MP and former Union Minister said that this issue is very serious in parts of India, especially in the capital of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today gave 24 hours to the government to release the two Four members were arrested by the police.
The amount requested is to pay the salaries of the Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman and Deputy Chairman of MICIC until 31st October
According to police sources, Kharbuli is the husband of Kharpran and Rikmen Kharpran is her brother.
It is learned that the attempts of the civil society to demand from the government to relocate the factory has been a long standing demand but they have not succeeded. They demanded that the government should not relocate the Coke plant.
Director said that both the children were taken to Lawmali for treatment on 5/02/2021 and tested positive for COVID-1 The number of confirmed cases has risen to
NPP Leader Marcuise N Marak has urged anyone who has had contact with the Rajya Sabha MP in the past three days to get tested.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the PHE department to fight as hard as possible to expedite the work, so that the problems of the people can be solved.
Rymbai promised to take care of the problems of the Pnar pharmacists if he comes back to power after the upcoming MDC elections.
BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang.
We hope that the people will continue to support us because the struggle and protest of the Sengbhalang is not over but we will continue in the new year until we achieve our goals and aspirations. which is not only the desire of the Sengbhalang but the desire and benefit of all the indigenous people and the state as a whole.
However, since 2005, Sankhmer has become physically weak and his mental time has deteriorated.
The goal of the PPSP is to meet the electricity shortage and use electricity during the rainy season, and will also reduce demand.
The question raised by the residents is why the Civil Hospital Shillong does not issue a receipt when they pay for the annual test fee. The annual test fee differs from one test to another depending on the severity and the fee. The test also differs from one method, but the amount paid is not a receipt.
When asked whether the scheme can be obtained through the MLAs, the Minister said that the scheme has been provided through the Deputy Commissioners and the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs. .
Therefore, in connection with this day, Bah Raphael Warjri has been entrusted to take pictures of the meeting and distribute them on this whats app group.
Shillong, July 31: The annual climb to Lum Sohpetbneng has started on the 26th July, with the thanksgiving, prayer and sacrifice at Law Nongthroh at the foot of Lum Sohpetbneng.
The Cabinet also approved the Youth Policy which has been in place for many years and the first report was submitted by IIM Shillong which the government has improved for the development of the country. to the young men.
The website of the United Nations was also launched by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The Government has also decided that if any scheme fails to complete all the requirements even if it does not receive sanction by 31st October of the fiscal year, such schemes will not be implemented without any requirements. to do as in the past when schemes had to run from scratch.
The party has asked these seven MLAs when they come from Shillong to their constituencies whether they travel by car or by plane whether they see the deterioration of this road.
Prestone said he has received phone calls from youths who have stayed outside the North East who have informed him that they will not return home for now. the lands they own because they understand the problem to the state if they return, the problem not only to the government but also to their family as well.
Surprisingly, the state government did not have any authority to represent the state when the case was heard in the Supreme Court.
Today, 19/05/2020, the party has donated T.20,000/- through check to Garod.
On the other hand, Bah Embhalang suggested that the land at Mawlai Mawroh is suitable for all four constituencies, which was supported by Bah Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai. .
Meanwhile, in Madanrting, Bah Lambor has gained more power among the people, especially after he won the ticket from the Congress party. this is old.
Evarinia L. Warjri ADC of East Khasi Hills District has been appointed as the ADC of Pynurlasa Civil Sub Division from the date of her assumption of office.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Four persons were injured in a clash inside Musha Compound in Jahlupara today. at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The ACHR said the Indian government should abolish the death penalty.
Shillong, Lber 30: A total of 53 people have been tested positive for COVID-19, said the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
The Special Investigation Team has arrested nine persons from Umduba village identified as Kandil Marak, Rechi Momin, Wilsh Marak, Robert Momin, Marus Marak, Bimod Marak and Collin Marak.
What is needed first of all is the assistance of the Internet and also all the citizens who need to know the announcements from the government during this time of COVID-1
This notice of the Dorbar Chnong shall apply to all persons, except Government employees, or any persons appointed or directed by the Government to enter or leave within the boundary of the Dorbar Chnong. village for your needs.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Prestone, Bah Kennedy C Khynriem said that this meeting was a meeting between the Khasi Seng, Tyrsat Branch and the Dorbar Shnong Kyrphei. .
They are however the lowest prices in the world especially due to the efforts of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to ensure the supply of fuel at affordable prices.
Speaking on the occasion, Balawan said that in India, the number of rape cases has increased from year to year and the reason for the increase in rape cases is due to the lack of strong laws to punish the perpetrators of rape. child.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Election Committee (MDC) today decided to contest the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-Langrin MDC constituency.
Another SURE staff member, Raj Passah, said that to make the children happy; SURE has organized many games and these children are happy to have such a day to play because every day they don't have time to play because they are busy selling kwai dong.
The ceremony was held at Tirot Singh Square in Mairang.
Shillong, June 04: Teachers of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (MSSASA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the issue of Their salary.
Shillong, Lber 21: BSF troops while patrolling on the border with Bangladesh at Lukaichar in South West Garo Hills District, have spotted a vehicle carrying cows near Mawthum. Seeing this, the BSF stopped the vehicle by throwing a stun grenade at the BSF. Seeing this, the BSF did not stop the vehicle. BSF personnel searched the vehicle and arrested two Bangladeshis, Abdul Karim and Hamidul Islam.
The closing remarks were delivered by Sreemant Swami Ambareeshananda ji Maharaj, who worked with the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Police have stepped up patrols around Shillong to ensure that no incident occurs.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that they are proud that Kongthong village which falls under the 12-Shnong has now appeared in the Iawbei song.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has arrested foreigners on 13th June 2020 during the lockdown to combat the COVID-19 pandemic.
Now that it is rainy season, I promise to provide rain coats to all 2000 school children so that this will not discourage them from coming to school especially during the rainy season.
“According to the RTI received recently, there is a serious delay in the implementation of the JHADC Act on the trade in This shows the inability of the JHADC to do its job and if this is the case, it shows that the JHAC only knows how to spend time to make laws and just set op in the closet".
Residents can call the Meghalaya State Food Commission for more information at Telephone No. 2505517 or call the Call Center of the State Food Commission at No. 1967 free of charge.
According to media reports, the State Government through the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today announced that from the session 2018-2019, the MBOSE will use the NCERT curriculum. It is also the syllabus of CBSE for Class XI and XII. Furthermore, this change in the syllabus by the state government will bring the education of the state in line with other states in India. .
Jowai, July 27: The East Jaintia Marginal Coal Miners' & Owners' Association (EJMCM&OA) is one of the associations of coal miners, contractors and traders. Small and medium coal miners, have expressed their deep concern over the urgent order of the NGT to immediately ban the mining and quarrying of coal in Meghalaya which has affected their income. lakhs of villagers in Meghalaya who earn their living from coal mining.
That is the ILP.” “But what are we doing with the MRSSA, why do they show that this issue is controversial because as citizens of India we can move freely from one state to another. and there is no law that can prevent them from moving from one state to another.
The death toll has risen to 6 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. you have 855 people.
Because there are no benefits from the Assam government, it is still willing to cross the border and if there are Assam rights in their land, how much more will it cost everyone.
After witnessing this, MDC Bah James Sylliang promised to take action to talk to the District authorities and the government. the role of sending relief supplies more quickly.
Other Sengbhalang leaders, such as KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and 11 other political parties, did not appear before the Special Court today. road closures and curfews.
Icydora Nongrum, Principal of the school, expressed her gratitude to the CBC, Shillong for organizing the exhibition and said that this will help to educate the people, especially the students, about self-esteem. great of the Freedom Fighters for the country.
Ruben said that the VC has also informed that he has held many meetings between the Principals of Colleges and the government authorities to discuss the problems faced by the Colleges in implementing the the NEP from this year.
: means a report sent to the Chief Justice to complain of any crime against society.
Speaking on the bill, Titostarwell Chyne said that the reason why it was introduced is because there has been a protest by the farmers since earlier.
“In Arunachal Pradesh, within six months, a new airport will be opened at Hollongi,” the Minister said. 645.63 crore has been allocated.
The claim that the rule of law is better is very wrong. We would like to urge those who do not understand the new rule of law of the Khasi Dorbar to think carefully and not to just sit back and wait. They say that 'democracy' is better, because there are many kinds of 'democracy' and many of these 'democracies' have become light rule.
Shillong, November 01: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has demanded that the state government should increase the compensation to the families of the victims of the Mukroh incident. in the state of Assam.
Maligaon, Lber 19: Three Rohingyas were arrested by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway on October 17, 2024 from the Railway Station in Agartala. the railway station.
Finally, the Seng through this statement makes it clear that in this regard, the Seng will not hesitate to monitor all the villages in War Jaintia if there are such villages. the part to be removed immediately so that the future generation will be happy and the nation will survive.
The Government of India has launched the PRASAD scheme in the year 2014-2015 under the Ministry of Tourism.
Shillong, June 17: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South today honored 151 landowners who have donated land for the construction of PWD roads in different parts of Lumparing.
In the Marathon: 1st Place: 1,00,0
The prizes were awarded by the MLA of Roshan Warjri who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The villagers of the sport club have come together to witness what the sport club has done.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Abdul Kalam, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the morning of the 23rd of this month between 10 am and 2 pm, unidentified persons abducted him in a vehicle, at They seized T.15,000/- tyngka.
Lyngdoh said that according to the tender called by the government, there was no proposal to build a road for the mining of uranium. The NOC has been issued for the construction of these two roads because the people need these roads.
With a sad heart, he expressed his regret that bad incidents and selfish things have degraded the uniqueness of the nation and many bad incidents have happened not only to the urban areas but it has started to spread even to the rural areas as we have seen and witnessed through the media from time to time.
Police have arrested the manager of the hotel and seized a laptop and phone numbers of the people.
To mark this month, the NCC has held many meetings and trainings on how to preserve the environment. These meetings have been held in Shillong, Guwahati, Jorhat, Silchar, Dibrugarh. , Tezpur, & Kohima.
The G20 Presidency is a symbol of India's aspirations and the invitation to the G7 is a step towards the prestigious position reserved for India.
The HPF Ri Bhoi requests the Hima Mylliem and Khyriem to take action soon to save the people from suffering, said Bah A. HPF President Nongrum's statement.
Today will start with the Knia Aitnar in the morning while in the afternoon the Khun Raij from the villages will bring their Deiñkhlam from the forest and bring them to Iewmusiang.
The HYC demands that the government should appoint a commission of inquiry and be headed by at least a High Court judge.
He added that the HNYF Mawlai Circleban will immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and will listen to the HNYF. For the people who need the ILP, foreigners should not disturb the income and the peace and order of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The closure of this office was yesterday, Monday and today, Tuesday. The closure is to spray the office and it is expected that they will be able to open the office from tomorrow morning. .
When SP News Agency contacted Bah Paul Lyngdoh to comment on the proposal, he did not respond.
“I feel that the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare has taken this issue seriously.
DDG, DoT, North East LSA, Shillong said, “Telecommunication empowers the people and is a tool for the economic and social development of any country.
Ma Denis Siangshai is a man who can help many kinds of problems especially those people who are homeless and all the people trust and love him because he never hesitates to ask for help. their.
Talks to bring about a lasting peace on the issue in Garo Hills have been held between the two groups of the ANVC, the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya.
Regarding the issues, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that he will take action to address the issues raised by the religious leaders and urged to work with the government for the development of the The development of Meghalaya in many areas.
She had just returned from her village in Garo Hills about 10 months ago when this happened.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with officials from the Legal Services Department, members of the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority and members of the Bar Council in Shillong, they said that the visit was in accordance with the This has been announced by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
Jowai, Naitung 14: U Bah Khiat Iongbor has robbed the house of Sairimis Siangshai at Munsiang Thymme village in the morning.
“Let us ensure that our nation, which is the only Austro-Asiatic languages ​​that survives in India, we deserve to see that our language is included in the Constitution of India. ," said Mr. Paul.
He said that the Delimitation Committee has already fulfilled its duty in receiving the suggestions of many people and he hopes that the Delimitation Committee will The committee shall include them in the report as it stands.
Regarding this action of the state government, the teachers are not happy with the action of the MUA-II government which has delayed the payment of the arrears for five months and the salary for two months.
The life and death of a nation depends on the rule of law.
The public is requested to join hands and show their unity and cooperation on this day.
It was also decided that the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will send a memorandum demanding that both the Governments of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam should punish those involved in the shooting. The NIA should be appointed to investigate the incident, and capital punishment should be imposed on them, and the Assam Government should pay compensation to those who died and those who died. who is also injured.
The politics that belongs only to the indigenous people in Meghalaya has often silenced the voice of non-indigenous people, making it difficult for them to speak out when making any decisions that affect the lives of the indigenous people. that," said Dey.
This is not the first time that the BSF has used violence but many times.
The reason is that there are rules that have to be followed when arresting drug dealers and drug users. If the rules cannot be followed, the case will not stand. they are defeated.
Shillong, March 10: The 2nd Battalion Police Station in Garagre West Garo Hills District today distributed assistance to the children of the Ram Krishan Samity at Zikabari. the police.
Cherra Cement Ltd.
The Umroi MLA said that at present there are only 8 blocks with full BDOs and another 38 blocks do not have full BDOs.
On the part of Bah Kitboklang Nongrem, he congratulated Bah Pius for the victory and hoped that he will continue to work better.
Rani said the meeting with PN Syiem was also a long-standing demand regarding the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The State Government through the Home Police Department has issued a notice to transfer Police Officers in the districts of Garo Hills.
In the sub junior boys (35 kg), East Khasi Hills defeated South West Khasi Hills and Ribhoi won the bronze medal.
The appearance in the media that many owners have handed over to the MMDC is just the government's imagination.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Dr Rani A Bhat and Dr Sridhar PS of Health Care Global Enterprises Ltd. today said that the company has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Department of Health and Family Welfare (DHS). They are treating tuberculosis at their hospital in Bengaluru.
The Information and Broadcasting Department has decided to resume the Samman and hold the second phase in
Therefore, “Ka Sur ki nong Jaintia” invites the Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills and the people living in Jaintia Hills to attend this day.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills District, said that two persons were rescued from the scene. Government of Meghalaya.
The opening day of the festival was enriched by traditional dances such as Shad Thaïang, Rah Kynthei and others.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar was accompanied by Comingone Ymbon, Cabinet Ministers, Lahkmen Rymbui, Nujorki Sungoh and two MLAs. Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, Aiborlang Shadap, MDC of Barato-Mukroh were also present.
In this regard, some civil society organizations have lodged a complaint with the MHRC and the DGP alleging that the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi, IPS, went to the scene. at night.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 3rd Anniversary Celebration of SAFF, the Governor of Meghalaya congratulated the SAFF for being able to form this group in which all the leaders of different religions were present. together in one to bring harmony and understanding to the environment.
This was discovered by the Chowkidar in charge of the hostel for female students at Shillong Polytechnic after the robbery and death of ksew on Tuesday morning at about 2:00 pm. Guard of the Girls Hostel, Bah Khrawkupar Suchiang, in an interview with Batesi TV, said that he was surprised and could not sleep after hearing the screaming and barking of the dogs. like a bseiñ, he found on the first floor that Diana had fallen asleep.
The DC has announced that the shops will be open from the 20th to the 23rd of this month to allow people to shop from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
He said that there are many villages in Raid Mynsaw, 14 in Byrnihat, 28 in Riad Khyriem, 32 in Balock I and 6 in Ratachera. area bordering Bangladesh.
In a statement sent by Bah DBL Lyngkhoi, he said that the victory of the election is not only because of money or wealth, but also because of the spirit of selflessness and selflessness for the betterment of the constituency. , the country and the nation.
In another incident, BSF arrested Nimai Mirandi of Dobakla village with 19 cows while he was trying to enter Bangladesh from India.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The President of the KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah today wrote to the Chief Electoral Officer of the Meghalaya Government to urge the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya to The registration of names on the Electoral Roll for those living in Them Motor should be suspended.
The child was identified as Damanhian Chyne, son of Bah Mario Kharnaior.
Shushanta Nayak, Head of ICICI Bank Shillong, was also present at the opening ceremony of the new branch of ICICI Bank. Bah Bamutskhem Mawroh was appointed. as the Branch Manager of Mawlai Branch.
AIM Meghalaya will hold a Mombati prayer meeting on the 6th July, 2022 at Khyndai Lad from 5 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, today informed the public that from tomorrow morning, vehicles passing from Golflink, Langkyrding will not be allowed to enter Mawpat. When they reached Mawpat Market, they had to turn right to reach Longmaw Lailad.
Members of the HYC on Tuesday stopped at Lumawsing Village Road, on the way to the venue of the opening ceremony of the Mawlai C&RD Block. Members of the HYC have called for ILP. In the signs they have posted on the walls of the village shops, the HYC has said that 'Without ILP they will not rest' “Mr Chief Minister, thank you for giving us Mawlai, Block, we want more, we want cleaner ILP laws. ".
Tax policy reforms are only the beginning for the weakening of the authorities in charge of small taxes.
Hek said the desire to talk peace with the HNLC is a long standing matter and the two BJP MLAs have urged the Governor to talk to the HNLC. The Union Home Minister urged the HNLC to hold peace talks and at the same time urged the HNLC to stop its violence.
The Chief Minister said that Syiem Tirot Singh is a strong freedom fighter of this region and the country as a whole. in the presence of this courage of yours.
North Korea holds elections and all citizens over the age of 17 must participate in elections, but the elections are not free.
For the sake of the welfare of the community, the union would like to suggest to the state government and the chief minister to set up a special committee comprising of political parties, women and people. others so that we can think of ways and means to curb these activities which have increased the value of our state.
In Malsawma's opinion, the easiest way to control a child's drug abuse is through monitoring his or her behavioral effects such as mood swings, loneliness. and so on and so forth.
Shillong, July 14: A team of doctors of Apollo Hospital, Chehnai today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his office. for the work they have done for the health of the state.
Answering a question, the Chief Minister said that there are more than 1000 farmers who have registered themselves, but it appears that they have taken the KCC Loan. There are only 19,000 people, more or less.
Similar trees have fallen in Garo Hills where trees have fallen and hit the vehicles of people parked in their yards.
For foreigners, let them register their Aadhaar names in their own villages.
Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, said in a statement today.
Make sure that you do not use too many electrical appliances from one source.
It is on these grounds that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has explained that it cannot accept this soskular.
In this regard, the party will stand firmly on the ground to strongly oppose the government's plan and we are confident that the government will listen to the opposition of the people.
Police said that the driver of the 12 wheeler truck fled the scene.
They were taken to Pomlum CHC by 108 Ambulance.
On the other hand, Bah Hek said that this is wrong and there is no such thing. On the other hand, the Minister urged the Chief of Police to send an immediate inquiry into the allegation. and to do whatever is necessary to find out such persons as have caused this scandal which has made his name famous.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Due to the increasing earthquake in the state and the North East of India, it has fallen under the fourth earthquake zone of the State Disaster Management. The SDMA in collaboration with the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) today conducted a training on how to prevent injuries and at the same time how to assist people in case of disaster. The meeting was held today at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The drama was directed by the English teacher Bah M.Dunai. Many teachers witnessed the drama especially the teachers of St Edmund's (SP News).
16-Nongthymmai The 17-Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency has been affected by this change of constituency.
In his speech, Bah P.Sancley, Treasurer of NEIMA, said that many people have come to donate clothes, food, sugar and other gifts from the NEIMA. part of their work.
To find out about children and the various laws that the state government has passed to protect women and children.
The JYF said that it has not failed to appreciate the hard work of the PWD department in bringing about freedom of movement and especially which was witnessed by tens of thousands of people who came to the PWD department. Synod meeting held at Mihmyntdu.
The test was conducted in June, 2023, including the test at the construction site and the test report of the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) confirmed that the vaccine was enough shadong.
Robert K Jahrin General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) said that in April 2013, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima was banned from issuing trading licenses to foreigners in Iewduh. However, this was revoked by the KHADC in 2015 with the revocation of the announcement that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been authorized to issue NOC to foreigners to obtain trading license.
The militants also opened fire while fleeing, suspected to be the commander of the GNLA. (SP News).
An exhibition was also held at the meeting to showcase India's achievements in the field of e-Governance.
An.
The rules relating to pricing, availability of seats etc. as specified by these authorities shall apply.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Dr. Donkupar Roy.
He urged the Chief Executive Members to give their opinions on how to amend the Act which the Government will soon release to the public so that they can give their opinions.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the decision taken at the meeting was to suggest to the Central Government to remove the word “Unrepresented Tribes”. The number of MDCs in the District Councils shall not exceed 40, 36 shall be elected by election and four shall be appointed by election. two must be women.
Officials who attended the Summit included the Minister of Information of Bangladesh, HE Mr. Hasanu. of SAARC (Afghanistan, Bangladesh,  Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka); ASEAN (Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam) East Asia (Korea, Hong Kong, Japan); Africa (Mauritius, Nigeria, Seychelles, South Africa, Sudan, Tunisia); Oceania (Australia, Fiji, New Zealand, Fiji, Papua New Guinea) Europe (France, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, United Kingdom) Syria, Uzbekistan, USA, China.
It may be recalled that the office of the CEO of Meghalaya has already convened a meeting of all political parties in the state to seek their cooperation in the upcoming elections.
The Ganja seized weighing 91 kilos and worth T.9.19 lakh was seized from the train. The first seizure was from the train coming from Agartala. Two persons were arrested with 39 kilos of Ganja worth T.3.90 lakh packed in a plastic bag.
He said that the first MLA in 1990 to announce his candidacy, went to contest for the MLA from Nongkrem at the invitation of the people. Marak to form the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC) has made many recommendations.
“The Government is strengthening traditional jobs by creating job opportunities while also promoting new jobs such as renewable electricity, aerospace, the use of technology and the development of "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," said the Prime Minister.
July 16, 2022 – Williamnagar, July 18, Resubelpara, July 20, Mairang, July 21, 2022 Nongstoin, July 22 Nongpoh, July Shillong, November 19: The appointed Ksiang of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Bah Sadon Blah today held a meeting on the 26th and 27th in Shillong at SAI, NEHU. He said that during the talks held three times, even the Secretary to the State Government, Bah Peter S Dkhar, informed that the government has agreed to allow the members of the HNLC to arrange the peace talks.
