Shillong, March 29: The opening ceremony of the second Meghalaya House in New Delhi, which was scheduled to be held today, has been postponed due to the failure of the contractor to complete the work.
“Those leaders who support the decision taken by the Government are playing politics.
The children of thousands of Hyniewtrep, Dkhars or French were known and recognized by the name “Khasia” or “Cossayah”.
On the other hand, the KJBA does not understand anymore regarding the cow market in Khanapara because this place is only a place to unload cows and is no longer a market as approved by the Mylliem Hima authorities. the cows were bought by non-cowboys.
Programs will be conducted according to various schedules in each state during this period which will help accelerate the economic development of the region.
In addition, three Multi-State Cooperative Societies have been established for the production of seeds, marketing of organic farming and transportation of farmers' products.
The trip to Delhi is just the beginning, we will continue to visit from time to time.
He said that shops providing mobile connection and banks have yet to accept the EPIC. He said that many Rangbah Shnongs have come to seek clarification regarding this issue and on his part. The Deputy Commissioner said that the EPIC issued in 2007 is still valid until a new one is issued.
However, yesterday at midnight, a mass rally was held to protest against the appointment of a new Pandit.
The fate of the three candidates will be decided by the people tomorrow morning who will replace Dr Mukul Sangma as MLA.
: it means that it is held in public and is the source of the festival.
In this regard, the Ministry of Minority Affairs of the Union Government has tightened the rules and directed all the State Governments to implement the Act (SP News).
These bikas were launched from the BSF headquarters in Mawpat where there were about 80 bikas and they went around Shillong in important places to spread the message of BSF. unity.
These are some of the details, which the government will issue in a notice.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister in charge of ADCs said that the government wants to introduce somehow the rules should be the same, even if they have their own rules. you have Ad Rules.
At present, the plan for the construction of this bridge is only for vehicles, because it has not been built yet. to the people of this region especially the North East which still lacks in terms of railways.
The MCC president said that the availability of edible oil in the market is sufficient, there is no shortage and there is also cooperation between the government authorities and the traders.
“I think it is wrong (the answer given before the Court).
Nandi, who is responsible for the 'Nyaya', is the one who is worshipped.
The office of IL&FS is located at Dhankheti near Malki Petrol Pump and SBI Malki Branch.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: GST collection for the month of June, 2023 is ₹ 1,87,035 crore, CGST is ₹ 38,440 crore, SGST is ₹ 47,412 crore, IGST is ₹ 158 crore out of ₹ 89 crore. buy and the cess is ₹12,025 crore (including ₹901 crore collected from the purchase of foreign goods).
The deceased were identified as Rupa Kumari, 55, of Mawbah and Riji Rijied Kympat, 75, of Kheliriat.
Therefore, this power of the legislature is not abrogated.
He said that the appointment of Bah Will Khyllep for this post is because he is already a retired IAS officer and he comes from a legal background. The Cabinet has agreed to re-appoint him as Commissioner Secretary on a contract basis for six months, after which the Cabinet will take a decision.
The candidates of the candidates will be announced in Delhi.
Madiba's 95 years of life, the examples he gave us will be reminders to all of us of the fruit of volunteerism for the poor, the oppressed and the deprived of the Human Rights.
The theme of this year's National Voters' Day is “Voters' Understanding is to Strengthen Democracy”.
However, this is the first time that the school has celebrated this special day.
The program will be broadcast to the public on SW 60.36 Meters Corr 4790 Khtz and 100.1 Mhtz.
Many women have lost their lives in the middle of the road due to childbirth and other serious illnesses due to lack of proper roads.
MA Sun won T.5000 in the singles category, Kwik Sun won T.2000 and M Sun won T.
As Ri Bhoi District is the gateway to the capital of the state and it can be said that it is the gateway of the state, this is why there is a need for a DC who knows the location. Assam and if there is a DC who doesn't know anything, Assam has the opportunity to win from time to time.
Guwahati, Naitung 31: Speaking on the issue of Telengana, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said that they deserve it because their demand has been going on for 60 years.
The AJYWO also expressed its support to the Jaintia Tribal Traders' Association (JTTA) on its petition to the CEM of JHADC to demand that he should revoke the Trading License and not to issue any more License to them. foreigners and foreigners to allow our indigenous people to start these activities which have been taken over by foreigners.
Other officials who attended the function included SMC President Bror Nongspung, SMC Secretary, Fourstar Kharbuli, Headmaster UP, Miss Lumlang Rangtong, Headmaster LP, parents and students.
She said that through this scheme, she has been able to expand her shop.
However, when they spoke to the present government on 25th June 2018, the government accepted this talk and as the supporters urged the MLA to step down for the benefit of the people. approval and he also showed the matter by stepping down.
New Delhi, November 30: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today inaugurated the newly constructed Ayodhya Airport.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr M. Chuba Ao, on Tuesday said that many children have their own characteristics within the homes. why not just silence those.
On 1.10.2020, the residents of Lapangap village have gathered to stop the construction. On this occasion, the authorities of West Jaintia Hills District, Kong, B.Blah Border Magistrate, and DSP of West Jaintia Hills District.
On the placards, the FoRMLD leaders wrote, “The increase in the price of vehicles, the increase in the price of goods is due to the poor condition of the road.” ," and more.
The government has reached an agreement with the NPTC by paying T.13 crore for this and now it has been able to get 40MW of electricity and to NEEPCO the government pays T.65 per day.
The bodies of the two workers were recovered by the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF).
Summersalt's uniqueness is based on their songs, which have a message to the nation in traditional melodies, in harmony with the musical styles of the whole world.
Rajeev Chandrasekhar said, “On cybersecurity, the Digital Economy Ministers of the G20 countries have discussed the importance of this for trade security.
He also urged all those involved in these activities to participate in various programs across the country to work together to achieve this goal of boosting exports while the country celebrates the 75th anniversary of independence.
The appointment of Phidalai Toi as the Chairman, the Chairman and the members of the MSCW was announced in a Government Notice on 15th November 2021 signed by Sampath Kumar Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department. .
The deceased were identified as Bah Tiameren Basaiawmoit, 56, and Kong Reliable Laloo.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Joint Action Committee (JACSLBA) has announced that it will support Bah Pious Marwein, the UDP candidate for the 2018 MLA election from the 35-Ranikor Constituency.
The Commission has summoned the club on a complaint sent by the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and the Civil Society of Assam.
Every year, on 17th November, Hyderabad Liberation Day is celebrated in many parts of Hyderabad and parts of Maharashtra and Karnataka, which were part of the formation of the state of Hyderabad.
This conference is an attempt to inform those involved in these three new laws and their key issues.
The land has been allocated by the state government and covers an area of ​​330 acres.
The KHNAM leader said that the Central Military Board has also issued the charter of the Department of Military Welfare in all the states and Union Territories for the benefit of the retired soldiers in their respective states. state that their.
The DC has also imposed a rule that only one person from one household can go to buy kyiad and prohibited them from going from one village to another.
To issue a government proclamation the government has to act now.
No.9615342039, New Nongstoin Phustarwell.
It is necessary to work together with the village especially in monitoring the implementation of various schemes and also to seek to improve education so that leaders or foreigners cannot take advantage of the people.
Balarihun Kharlukhi of Ram Krishna Mission Secondary School, Mylliem scored 552 out of 600 marks.
The AITC candidates who filed their nomination papers today are Joannes Jefferson Tyler Lamphrang Lamare from Nongkrem and Tengsim G Momin from Ranikor.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 418, the highest number of recoveries today from East Khasi Hills 168 cases, West Khasi Hills 76 cases, total recoveries so far after.
The CEM himself has clarified that the office has not ordered anything to do so but they have done whatever they want by the gatekeepers,” he said.
Referring to employment, he said that everyone says that there is no job, when they say that there is no job, it is not a government job, to get only a government job is impossible.
This is the first time that police have seized documents related to drug trafficking. From these two persons, they have also seized a bike used by them.
The union has expressed its regret to the minister that people who have not studied in this line have been appointed and the youth who have completed their studies in this line have been appointed as OT technicians. The union has said that the appointment of youths who have completed specialized training in this line only as casual daily wages is an insult to them.
After the post mortem, the body was placed at the morgue at NEIGRIHMS Hospital for the use of the relatives.
The United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (Application of Laws) Regulation, 1952 (also known as Regulation No. 5 of 1952) which in addition to 225 Acts includes the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, the Rai Official Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly to demand ILP on 19 Dec
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Mairang Sub Division Circle has strongly condemned the rude behavior of Dr Ayam Sunil Khuman against women when they go to get medicine. They didn't come forward to tell if anyone else had been arrested by the doctor.
Regarding the items that they took from the MLA's house, it was his own proposal to celebrate his 50th birthday. He did not say whether it was the MLA scheme or their scheme. poor.
New Delhi, Lber 08: The word 'startup' became popular in the 1990s and this started with the dot-com bubble.
The Prime Minister of India said that India is determined to continue its cooperation with Bangladesh for the benefit of the people of Bangladesh.
There are 126 recoveries today, 56 from East Khasi Hills and 55 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 80,7 until today.
Speaking to reporters before handing over the Bill to the CEM, Bindo M Lanong said that the central theme of the Bill is that as a Khasi people, jait from the mother and not from the father.
Regarding the increase in light bill, he said that those affected have gone to meet with the MeECL officials and many have been able to resolve these issues after the meeting. open this door.
The programme, which was held at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Shillong, started on Tuesday and will end on Tuesday.
The Bangladesh Border Guard urged India to punish those who smuggle alcoholic beverages to Bangladesh from Bangladesh.
Shillong, Oct 18: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) today inaugurated the 4G BTS facility of Reliance JioInfocom Ltd (RJIL) with a 40 meter tower at Jair village (Census Code 277803) of Ri Bhoi District in Meghalaya as part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
In their respective dorbar halls at 11 pm.
In Meghalaya, the state government has announced today.
To do this is more difficult, it will take time to acquire land, but many things have progressed and many of the most difficult areas have progressed in terms of acquiring land.
Jowai, Naitung 18:The Meghalaya People's Committee (RSWO) has held a seminar on NPR and Aadhaar Number on 09/07/2016 at Thymme Village, West Jaintia Hills. on Aadhaar (MPCA) in which they came from neighboring villages like Ksehrynshang, Moobakhon, Nongmulieh, Nongthymme, Krem Myrsiang and other nearby villages.
We cannot know whether the omission (of the Jaintia language) was done by chance or by chance, what we know is that the words should be added together using the Jaintia language. .
““Because of the long-standing failure of the Government of Meghalaya to evict these Harijans from this area, we have no choice but to use force.
Those who took part in this festival also had other games to enjoy, such as strawberry picking, Niah Cycle, border dancing, traditional music performances and the things which were made by the people of those places.
The Head Office of the Communication Department of the Union Government has issued an Office Memorandum on 09/July 2023 including the Khasi and Garo languages. as an additional language but it cannot be implemented because English is the official language in Meghalaya.
The union said that the receipt of summons from the NIA and the court of the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong while the peace talks were ongoing, has shocked the union.
“This is a good opportunity for those who are entrepreneurs and will further our efforts to provide health care to all,” he said, urging local entrepreneurs to refrain from importing storage if technology.
He said that during his tenure as CEM of KHADC, he has brought bills like the Clan Bill, Linage Bill, which have been sent to the Governor but these Bills have been returned. .
These Bangladeshis first entered Rhongkum village.
The prizes will be awarded on 5 January.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed her concern over the increase in violence against women in Meghalaya which respects women.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dany said, “Of course we cannot tell the truth, we are only drug addicts and we buy drugs from this person but we are not those who sell or trade drugs. said the man.
JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam said that the people of Ri War Jaintia Circle have the same right to access health services as in other areas and that the JSU believes in the symbol. GVK-EMRI has decided to send 108 Ambulances as soon as possible to provide assistance to the injured or sick.
The NGT should first look into the cement factories which have destroyed the forests and destroyed the streams and rivers in those areas. to ban coal mining since 50 years ago.
Earlier, the PCF had decided to nominate Pastor Basaiawmoit while the UDP had decided to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
This road connects Diwon village which is famous not only in Meghalaya but also in the world where many people from outside India have visited this village to visit. paint the Ryndia cloth.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah MH Kharkrang together with police chiefs, visited the area to inspect the drugs and the three persons who were arrested. catch.
The first consideration when deciding to increase the electricity tariff is whether the production and the price of electricity to the public is justified and if the increase should not affect the public too much.
The main reason is that after 1971 there was an increase in the number of mynder ri in Assam where the indigenous people like Assamese, Bodo, Rabha, Mising and so on became low paid in their own areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two persons were killed and two others injured in a road accident at Umdishit Mawsawa, Mairang district today.
The Election Committee has already examined the documents of all the candidates for the 13th election of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
They were together on this day.
The damage is estimated to be in the millions of dollars.
He urged all the youths who come to take part in this competition to remember to follow the guidelines of the government or the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to protect themselves and others from the COVID-19 pandemic. This was announced by Samla Eugene Hinge, Publicity Secretary of the Seng.
Those earning more than T.1.8 lakh to T.3/- lakh per annum will have to pay income tax T.500/- tyngka, those earning T.3/- lakh up to T. 5.
Therefore, from now on, the Seng will continue to raise this demand because once the Khasi language has been recognized by the Constitution of the country, no one can destroy the Jaitbynriew.
The decision at this meeting was to amend the Reservation Policy and not to read it.
Synrem said that the Government has stipulated that the tins that are not entitled to be received by the public should have a thickness of not less than 0.45mm while the tins that are not supplied with this thickness should be less than 0.45mm. The President of the HYC has alleged that the company's thickness is only 0.25mm and this is a conspiracy to steal the money of the people.
Shillong, June 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle led by Samla Purningstar Shabong and accompanied by Samla Joplang Kharnaior, Assistant Education CEC, met with the EM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council in charge of Labor License regarding the presence of foreigners working illegally at M/S Unique Structure & Tower Limited under the jurisdiction of Power Grid located at Umsohïong, Sohiong.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati has met the Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma to urge him to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam to remove the CrPF police from Umlaper village. The state of Assam has been established in this area.
He said that he should not allow those who are fighting to mislead the youth.
He said that there have been several candidates who have applied for ticket for the MP election from Shillong seat including the former President of the party, Bah Earnest Mawrie. The application was received by Bah AL Hek in the newspapers.
Shillong, June 29: The MLA of Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, today opened a branch of Canara Bank in Sohiong. He is also the Minister of State for Meghalaya.
Prime Minister Duh reiterated his commitment to work with Australian Prime Minister Duh to strengthen cooperation and cooperation in various fields in the Indo-Pacific region. .
It is worth mentioning that Rs 30 crore of Mudra loans have been given to self-employed women.
The Chief Minister said that today they had discussed the issue of setting up an MCH Hospital in Umran by the Tata Trust which has promised to set up an oxygen generating plant at the site.
She urged the officers to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure the smooth running of the PHC in Smit.
“The HYC believes that the Government will take seriously this suggestion for the benefit of the people of the State,” said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC. organization in the statement.
Shillong, June 10: The Meghalaya State Cooperative Marketing & Consumers' Federation Ltd.
Tarly Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong, said that many of them have opened accounts to receive their 100 days salary as MNREGS now sends their salaries directly to the accounts of the workers.
Bah Pynïaid also expressed his concern over the harassment of the Khasi people living in Block II. “Since yesterday, I have already informed the CEM of KAAC about this issue and requested him to take action so that “The Khasi-Pnars will not be harassed especially when the two state governments are still on the road to resolve the border dispute,” he said.
Inspired by the initiative of Prime Minister Duh, the promotion of the spirit of 'Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat' is one of the activities of the Government.
Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman NESO) was the Chief Guest while Moris Shabong, Rangbah Shnong Sawmer was the Chief Guest.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the proposal of M/s Sew Energy Private Limited to cancel the social agreement in 2010 with the state government for the Rangmaw Hydel Power Project.
Regarding the shooting death of Bah Cheris since 13th July 2021, the union has made it clear that this action of the government cannot be accepted and cannot be buried at any time. and the synagogue shall be cut off.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 577 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. day.
On this occasion, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said that the Chief Minister should talk to the Central Government on this issue and they can talk together. and other States to talk to the Central Government because India is a country where the governance is between the Central Government and the State Government.
In fact, the Khasi Hima have urged the KHADC authorities to expedite the rules and regulations for all the 54 Hima/Elaka.
Finally, the KSU said that if anything happens, it will continue to stand against any attempt by anyone to mine uranium from any part of the Khasi Hills.
“We need it to be orderly because women understand any problems better, by being together, thinking together and working together to bring benefits, harmony and well-being in the community,” he said. said Kong Phanbuh.
The Government has directed all the 7000 COVID-19 Management Committees to cooperate with the health authorities when the health workers arrive in the villages. their.
Village leaders from different villages also attended the ceremony.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri today said that the government has seen all the reports regarding the rape of women and children in The government of Meghalaya has taken seriously this case and has directed the police to take this case as a priority to eradicate this case. bad.
Besides Suchiang, there are many other policemen of various departments and ranks who have worked hard body and soul in their duties, whom the government should recognize separately. “It will encourage them to serve the people and also to set an example for others to follow in their footsteps,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Nailur 18: In the past 48 hours, the Indian Air Force has rescued 343 people from being stranded due to a road collapse.
The BDO of Mairang Block is FM Lakiang.
Similarly, within the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah which falls within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, the Hima has its own Act (Hima Mylliem Act, 2007).
He said that this will only be the beginning of the expansion of the tourist attractions that the state has to attract people from all over the world.
At the meeting, it agreed to hand over to the KHADC to repeal the VAB Bill and send a new Bill along with seeking the opinions of the villagers, Hima, District Council and the State Government.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Minister of State for Electricity, James K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh regarding the issue of electricity supply in In the state, the smart meter costs T.3400/- each.
Shillong, June 22: U Bah Ganol Stone Massar, 81, MLA and former MDC of Nongskhen Constituency, passed away today at a private hospital in Shillong after a long illness.
The District Council is not only the distributor of trading licenses to increase the budget but also to show its own authority. The KHADC before implementing this project, if the KHADC is still silent, it doesn't make sense to admit that it is the preservation of our ownership of the land.
There are 10 recoveries from the virus today, 4 out of 30 cases are still in hospital and 4 cases are from East. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 3 : Members of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle on Tuesday met with the management of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) after receiving information that the The director of the university has forcibly recruited a woman from Uttar Pradesh as a contractual attendant.
Shillong, June 18: The Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Mr. Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the Chairman, today convened a meeting to discuss the impact of the cyclone. The four days of linter will be held from the 14th to the 17th of this month.
The funds requested by the GHADC are from the allocation allocated by the Central Government to the District Councils in the state and Garo Hills should also receive. the central government.
He said that there are households who should have received the PMAY scheme from the MGNERGS scheme, but the money has not reached the households who should have benefited.
Those students who have been selected to write the examination can collect their Admit card from 17/2/2022. The RT-PCR test was negative.
The people should not be convinced only during the elections that the BJP is like this, these are just election statements but in the end once all the work is done they come to join the BJP because they Answering questions, Sanbor said that if there is no BJP, the state is dead. The BJP government has sent a letter to the state.
The police have taken action against the university after the office of the Governor has lodged a complaint against the university for issuing degree certificates fraudulently.
As the MLA of this area, he used to meet with the people to talk to the people and to allege that such a visit is something wrong which the people cannot accept. The Syiem of the Raid, Niwel Shadap, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong of Ri Bhoi District were also present.
The meeting was conducted by Assistant General Secretary Mawsynram and the prayer was offered by Ency Iawrod, Organizing Secretary of the Unit.
The State Tuberculosis Officer, Dr M. Mawrie also handed over the Ni-kshay Mitra Certificate to Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
However, unfortunately, there has been no thought especially in the rural areas, said Bah Banshai Marbaniang from Mawsynram.
There are also one or two villages which have been able and there are also those which have been more clean than Mawlynnong but there are still many villages which should try hard to bring about cleanliness from now on.
When we went to look after the complaint of the farmers, we found that it was true as explained by the farmers! Many fields have been photographed and videotaped and lakhs and thousands of niangsaiddho from young to adults have been found who are struggling to destroy the remaining leaves.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the suspects.
On the other hand, she also promised to work with the people and the village authorities to bring about a clean environment in the village through the Swatch Bharat Abhiyan.
In the letter, John urged the president of the BJP Meghalaya state unit to stop this talk and according to the promise to take action regarding the border and In the letter, John added that what AL Hek, Sanbor said that the state should come forward, join the party and He said that the construction of the railway line to Shillong should be stopped but it should be a freight railway to Byrnihat.
Shillong, July 03: Shillong Lajong Football Club has signed four new players from abroad to strengthen the team. before the ninth I-League for the 2016-2017 season.
It is reported that there was no casualty in the incident.
While the robber was parked in the vehicle, two persons approached the vehicle with the intention of injuring the robber. Police have arrested two suspects in the area.
He said that COMSO demands that the Governor should sign the MRSS Ordinance as it is the state government.
“The first and foremost goal is to provide the staff, equipment, vehicles, ammunition, training and all the necessary requirements. and when these are complete we will be able to set up more Police Stations.
New Delhi, Nailar 15: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the Red Fort, on the occasion of the country's 72nd Independence Day.
According to sources, the young woman was boarding a vehicle from Umroi Airport on that day, but the incident happened to her at the place where she was going to reach the airport. I wanted to leave but I was involved in this tragic incident.
The Seng demands that these companies should take measures to improve their services otherwise we will take other measures against these companies, according to the statement. B Natep Vice President of HYC Shella Branch.
Referring to the education department, he said the government has allocated T.40 crore for the improvement of schools and T.10 crore for smart classes in 110 schools.
On the same day, many Congress workers in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawkyrwat Bock have resigned for personal reasons. they.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya is still in the process of being affected by the Omicron variant. The government feels that it should take measures to protect the people.
Nine persons have been affected by the cyclone in West Khasi Hills District, five persons in East Jaintia Hills District and one injured in East Jaintia Hills District. depressed.
Rangdajied will meet Lajong in the first knockout fixture on 7 May before Mawlai face Langsning in the second semi on 8 May.
On electricity projects, Minister Duh spoke about the work to be launched for the Dibang Multipurpose Hydropower Project in Arunachal Pradesh and the Solar Project in Tripura today.
At this time, the armed men tried to rob the vehicle at Upper Damalgre of West Garo Hills. They arrived at Araiimaile police beat house to inform the police and escaped from the abduction.
However, while he is on this earth, there are lights and lights in which they are not worthy to go to the house of God, as there is a belief that they will be in the fire of purification in which these souls need prayer. and of the living to judge before God.
It is up to us to follow the right path.
The BSF said that the smugglers tried to enter Bangladesh but with difficulty they were able to seize the vehicle and arrest the cows of the people in it.
The turnout in 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency was 81.37% for the Lok Sabha 2024 MP elections while in 2019 the turnout was 81.38%. The turnout of voters in this constituency has dropped by 1%.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah W.Rani, President of the party, said that the party continues to raise awareness on the issue of agriculture, not only that organization also speaks for the rights of the farmers.
Acknowledging the specialness of the time they have taken office, Prime Minister Duh urged those who have been appointed at Amrit Kaal to achieve the goal of a free India. progress, we are moving forward for a self-sufficient India.
Speaking to reporters, Mukherjee said that all bank accounts of these three banks will remain the same and depositors in these three banks should not worry. because the relationship with its interest rate will likewise be unaffected.
Out of the 60 constituencies, 58 constituencies have registered their nomination papers while two constituencies of 2-Jowai and 7-Amlarem have no candidates to register their nomination papers till 4/2/2
Shillong, July 08: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order that all shops and market vendors should be closed on Sunday.
The presence of Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, in Wapungskur, a woman who has a spirit of compassion for the poor, has been a great blessing to the family and the poor. Wapungskur village, who have been affected by the COVI-19 pandemic.
It is clear that the feeling of happiness cannot fill the shortcomings if we see that we can overcome the problems.
The HNLC has alleged that many of the factories in the state such as dewbialt factories, coal mining factories are run illegally by foreigners. information about this organization.
The company which built the PA Sangma Stadium is a non-profit company as this is the second time that the newly constructed stadium has collapsed within 10 months of completion, said Bernard Marak in a statement. not sent to the media.
There are 156 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 41 from West Garo Hills, 12 from Ri Bhoi and 10 from West Jaintia Hills. 90768 people.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Consul General of Australia in Kolkata, Hugh Boylan today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
He said he does not want to see that if the Jaintia Social Custom of Lineage Bill, 2018 is passed by the House, it will be reversed by the Governor.
Titan Eye Plus, the third group of Titan Eye Plus.
The total number of cases in the state is 1220, East Khasi Hills 833, West Khasi Hills 44, Ri Bhoi 84, West Jaintia Hills 23, West Garo Hills 121, South West Garo Hills South Garo Hills  21, East Garo Hills 83, Norh Garo Hills 5.
Shillong, November 02: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that two people have died of COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Lber 14: As the days go by, the violence against women has increased in the state, but it is surprising that the perpetrators have escaped from the hands of the law. The police are on duty to fight against terrorism, but when it comes to drug trafficking and rape of women, they cannot stop even the house run by those in the police station. Sainkupar Nongtraw said in a statement today that the Meghalaya House in Delhi and Kolkata: It has been alleged that these government houses are the residences of the wives of MLAs. The Minister of Home Affairs should have resigned to take responsibility for allowing a free investigation.
Lakh, but regarding the maintenance for five years without fixing the price with the contractor AP Construction, Bah Artis Pyngrope.
The District Magistrate of East Garo Hills District, has enforced Section 144 CrPC throughout the district prohibiting people from gathering blood or carrying weapons that can injure people.
“This misunderstanding should be corrected immediately,” she said in an interview with the media in response to the allegation by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) regarding the withdrawal. the Director of Inquiry and the Inquiry Officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
“Because if the Marten is brought to this place, the Umkhen River will lose its beauty and it will pollute the Umkhen River more. and the river Umkhrah.
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the full office of the Municipal Office in Williamnagar in the presence of MLA. Marcuise Marak, Minister of State and Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma.
Michael said that the purpose of this campaign is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 especially in public places. you are sick.
The incident occurred at 10 pm this morning, and the union immediately took action to talk to the DHS, Dr Aman War.
The polling for absentee voters in South Garo Hills has been scheduled for the 12th and 13th of this month.
The participants, officers, staff, members and others made a difference for a clean India.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Bah Kitbor W.Nongrum has published a book in the form of poems entitled; “.
Kharkongor said that as this training is a profession that is still struggling to develop in the state and Bah Raphael has been one of those who has struggled to develop this profession. That this work of Bah Raphael should still receive support, unlike the music that has grown well in this state.
Tura, June 3: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PBO Warjri today said that he is pleased to see that the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 6th of this month have been completed. iaiong is a smooth flow.
The incident happened in the morning this morning.
They are hopeful of further discoveries from the unexplored hills of Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the search operation was conducted as if they treated the members of the party as insurgents and no longer as students because their arrival was sudden at midnight when the whole village was in turmoil. still get sleep.
The social agreement was signed by the National Health Mission and Apolo Hospital was signed by the hospital officials in Shillong today.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, MLA Rupert Momin, Pongseng M Sangma and other state government officials.
The Districts have been directed to issue an order to ban this practice and to issue an order as soon as possible to inspect the labor licenses by the District officials. Councils of individuals or organizations should not do this.
At the same time, all the speakers spoke about the problem of fake news and the use of Internet resources to commit illegal activities through the Internet.
Standard Laboratory, which belongs to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
New Delhi, July 07: The Union Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Singh Thakur today launched the theme, logo and website of the Y20 Summit in India. in New Delhi.
The troops also conducted a night patrol in the barben forest.
Thabah said that the KSU East Jaintia Hills Unit had planned to hold a Kyrsiew Ri in Khliehriat but when the leaders of the KSU East Jaintia Hills Unit went to meet with the DC of East Jaintia Hills Unit, Jaintia.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that there is a need for cleanliness and this requires the involvement of the government in cleaning it properly.
Under this MSME, there are many schemes where the people can set up their own businesses by taking assistance from banks in the form of loans. individuals how to grow in trade.
Before the end of the first half, Jofika FC scored their first goal and scored until the end of the first half.
It is necessary for a strong approach by all countries to help each other in times of crisis, he said.
He was a graduate of Shillong College.
The foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the Crowborough Hotel began in 1980. The construction has also gone through litigation with the two companies which have taken the contract to build it.
Despite the full completion of various courses, job applicants have had to wait for appointments, which will have to be made on the basis of review.
For these activities, the Ramakrishna Mission has received the Banga Bibhushan Award, 2015 from the Government of West Bengal, said Swami Achyuteshananda, Secretary of the Ramakrishna Mission.
Shillong, November 15: Member of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) Justice Mahesh Mittal Kumar has urged the public to report any violation of human rights to the Commission.
“I don't have any letter demanding money from him on his mobile phone, but there are many mobile numbers that have been checked and they have demanded money from many people,” she said. person.
The Chief Minister also requested to inform the government authorities to recover the weapons seized from the police and most importantly the government wants to recover the weapons.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The PWD department of the state government has called a tender for the construction of the Mawlai by-pass road after dismissing the previous contractor due to the slow pace of work.
Speaking at the meeting before the cleanliness drive, Samla Robi Suchiang urged the residents of Umstain to work together to make the village clean and tidy because cleanliness is very valuable and you are also a great treasure.
Dudhnoi, Lber 04: The Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowalu today laid the foundation stone of the second Ayurvedic College in Assam since independence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U MDC of Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw together with the Rangbah Shnongs of four villages in Mawlai including Mawlai Mawiong, Nongkwar, Umthlong and Mawiongrim today came to meet with Mawlai Mawiongrim. PHE Minister MN Marak to discuss the delay in the implementation of the JJM scheme for the Shillong Lummawnei River.
Gargi Deshwal was awarded the NIFT Best Academic Performance Award and a NIFT Student.
At the same time, he urged all his colleagues to support Bah MD Syiem so that he can be brought to the goal of victory.
Police also seized heroin packed in a tin worth T.17,000 and a TVS bike without registration number plate from Zonglal.
During the inspection, it was said that there will also be a physical examination of the trees and shrubs which are marrep which should fall outside the ksainar shniah fence.
The BJP's decision to bring back the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the Uniform Civil Code (the Act that India will abolish all the different customs but there will be only one law on the customs and traditions from the marriage, race, inheritance, earthquake, tiengkhun, and Wei.
Shillong, July 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that before being summoned by Amit Shah, Union Minister of Home Affairs, the two ministers will meet with the two ministers. Meghalaya and Assam leaders will meet in Guwahati.
“The training provided by the Civil Defense Department has benefited the Dorbar Shnongs, Nokma and the people,” he said.
Police said the man was between the ages of 55 and 60 years old.
During the meeting, they agreed to work together to fight against smuggling of counterfeit currency and other crimes on the border between the two countries.
In this regard, the government will hold a meeting in Ribhoi between the Police Department, the Food and Civil Supply Department of the State Government, the district authorities and the Mazdoor Union.
The discussion at the meeting with the civil society organizations in Garo Hills was mostly on the employment policy and the Expert Committee. to the Roster System.
Answering supplementary questions by many of the MLAs, the Chief Minister said that the government has allowed the Deputy Commissioners to rap immediately without getting permission from the government even to buy tin sop iing.
This scheme has gone through several revisions since its inception.
Meanwhile, the curfew in Shillong will be from 9.00 pm to 5.00 pm tomorrow.
Shillong, March 18: The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will be laid to rest at his mother's house in Mawlai Phudmawri on the 20th of this month. moon.
The graduates who were honored on this occasion were 129 in B.Tech.57 in M.Tech.30 in M.Tech. Sc and 5 in Ph.D.
"“You don’t have to feel alone, we are here to support you from behind in this journey of yours.
Before concluding the programme, a special welcome speech was delivered by Samla Rockkestar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The People's Candidate Forum (PCF) has decided to appoint Dr PBM Basaiawmoit as the new candidate of the party. The party's candidate for the Lok Sabha elections to be held next year from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
HANM sees that not many people have taken advantage of this opportunity to change the political situation. HANM is concerned that if it is wrong, the state will lose what it has now. The government should explain to the public the grounds on which the Meghalaya government has responded in the Supreme Court on this special allocation of jobs in the state.
New Delhi, July 07: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) delegation led by BJP President JP Nadda met the President at Rashtrapati Bhavan today at 2.30 pm. Narendra Modi has been elected as the Leader of the BJP Parliamentary Party.
The country certainly benefits from these steps.
The complaint was lodged by Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang, a member of the party. The letter was handed over to the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District today.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Mawlai Police are conducting investigation to find out the name of a woman who was found missing from Mawiongrim today.
He said that the struggle of the party is a great struggle to preserve our own culture and traditions in Meghalaya. Act of the Constitution of India.
Both the Pulsar vehicles were destroyed.
Start by setting an example to other states of India that we are indeed the 'Scotland of the East' as the French have called us since ancient times.
“On the last day of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (formerly known as Nirmal Gram Puruskar), West Garo Hills received 216 awards and was one of the districts that won the Nirmal Gram Puruskar. to raise awareness of the NGP in the country where East Garo Hills has reached the 15th position at the national level.
The sharing of data between apprenticeship schemes is expected to facilitate the registration process for jobs.
Out of the 52 MLA candidates announced by the TMC today, five are women and out of these candidates, 15 MLAs and MDCs of the party will contest the MLA elections.
“The question that arises now is whether these private individuals who set up schools come to teach education or do they come just to make money,” said Bah Banshai.
The UDP has already announced more candidates and other parties, followed by the NPP, Congress and HSPDP, KHNAM, PDF and the remaining BJP. that day.
Police have so far arrested four KSU members in connection with the murder of two quarrymen from Ichamati, East Khasi Hills, Ishan Singh and Sudip Dutta.
The office bearers of KSU Mawprem Circle include Arristone Thabah as President, Badonkupar Nongbri Vice President, Sambha Kupar Shylla General Secretary, Alexander Mutyen Assistant General Secretary, Raplang Dhar Education Secretary, Pynshngain Bantei Marwein Assistant Education Secretary. , Samla Nangsandor Ryntathiang Organizing Secretary, Samla Ricky Pathaw Assistant Organizing Secretary, Samla Anrose Nongbet Publicity Secretary.
This Block has not been dissolved but has been replaced by other members instead of those who have been expelled.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Meghalaya Sports Olympic Association (MSOA), various sports teams and the Sports Department for their contribution to the success of the Meghalaya Games.
When the SP News Agency reached the scene, it was found that the road was covered with shyiap.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The District Administration after approving the application of civil society groups to hold a public meeting at Madan Student under the rules and regulations .
We have now administered 23 crore doses of vaccine in the country.
The ksew, who was locked up in the area, was seen to have hit exactly the beat of one of the policemen to be in the area. explanation of whether it was the plates or the boxes that were packed.
At the last meeting of the Sengbhalang on the ILP issue, we decided that while our struggle for the ILP 1873 is ongoing, we should also allow the Chief Minister/Government to create and strengthen other measures. This does not mean that we have abandoned the demand for ILP, but with the far-sightedness that we have gained while fighting for the ILP. which can last longer than the foreigner and the foreigner increasingly takes advantage.
The JSU and JYF leaders asked if it was a mistake why the DSC has put it on the notice board and why it has taken the DSC five days to correct the mistake.
The union has taken pictures of the pipes leading from the market to the top villages which have been found to pass through dirty streams, which have been covered with jri and have not reached Suda, which cause the water that reaches the house to become dirty.
“Therefore, in this regard, I urge and express to the government or any authority that in any decision taken by the SKNSBH, the Union cannot accept it without consultation and decision. ," the Union said.
Myntri Rangbah Duh thanked the people who have elected the Government for three terms and said that this is a sign of the people's support for the Government's objectives, policies and her hard work for the people.
Shillong, July 08: The Government today decided that those schools which receive financial assistance from the Government will have to charge school fees. only 50% for June, January and July.
The charge under Section 34 IPC is that they acted as a group for the same purpose.
He said that the policy will also assist local entrepreneurs and suppliers in the purchase of raw materials produced in the state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its Central Executive Committee meeting held today strongly condemns the attack on KSU members by the authorities in Ichamaty yesterday.
On this occasion, there were traditional dances by KSU members studying at Silshar and various other activities.
The participation of people from the region and northern Punjab was also spectacular as many people came to see and experience the culture of the people of the North East.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The coaching camp of the Meghalaya Judo Association for the preparation of the Sub-Junior Team has been held at the JN Sports Complex, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Boro MCS Director Urban and CEO of Shillong Municipal Board, in the presence of FB Chyne Executive Engineer of SMB and PMU, in his speech explained the importance of cleanliness.
These children have gathered today to demand their share which they deserve.
It is worth mentioning that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone, have left for Delhi for talks with the Central Government.
On the other hand, Bah Lambor said that these three bridges he has taken from the MLA salary which he has allocated to send for the construction of these bridges to facilitate traffic and especially for the people. longkmie who work day and night because they don't feel well if it rains because they don't have a way out.
They too have the right to access the same opportunities as the government, whether in education or other benefits that the government has to provide for the people.
The Minister of Home Affairs promised that the government will provide assistance to the family members as soon as possible.
This Panel Discussion will be attended by Panelists who are prominent figures in the Jaitbynriew and the State as a whole.
These traditional teachings have been destroyed in this age of greed, wealth and selfishness.
“The residents of Punjabi Colony want nothing but to live in peace, to contribute to the development of society and income of Meghalaya as we have done today. the inheritance.
Shillong, July 27: The Petroleum Dealers Association (PDAM) today announced that the Petroleum Dealers Association (PDAM) today explained to the public that from 2022 through the Ministry of Petroleum mixed with 10% ethanol in petrol in India.
I don't know whose house it is and we don't know who owns it, but when such a building appears which violates the rules as a group we have to take action,” said Bah Nonglang.
Regarding the incidents in the state, the Minister of Home Affairs expressed her deep sorrow and urged the students to work hard in order to stand firm. I'm going to kjat.
During the meeting, the Minister asked the Mawlai MLA to look into these issues and take action, said Bah Embhah. .
“We warn all shopkeepers that they should not employ children and the union will take strong action against those who oppose.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 22: The election campaign rally was held at Langpih Market on 21st Feb 2014, about 149 km from Shillong.
John W. Thabah as General Secretary, Andrew W Lyngdoh and Starfing Pdahkasiej as Joint Secretaries, Kyrmenlang Uriah as Organizing Secretary and Deimebanda Blah as Treasurer.
This will be another benefit to the people who come into agriculture through digital activities, the use of information under PM KISAN as the basis of information about farmers in the country and this will be monitored by the states. .
He admitted that there are some shops which have put people to stay overnight in their shops in order to guard the shops, lest they be attacked by robbers who take advantage of the darkness of the night especially from the spread of the thieves and the robbers.
The three colleges are the Veterinary College, Dairy College and Fishery College. The Veterinary College and Dairy College will be located in Garo Hills while the Fishery College will be located in Garo Hills. you are in Garo Hills.
The KSU today built a tin house at the site and inaugurated it by the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donal V Thabah. can move into the area.
At this meeting, they suggested to the government to set up a committee to look into the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye Law in the Municipal and District Council areas.
We must ensure that this matter ends here,” said Dr Ampareen.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Hundreds of residents of Rangthong and surrounding villages have taken part in a public meeting to protest against the proposal to set up a Battalion Headquarters in Rangthong. evening 04/05/2018.
The KSU Jaintia Hill District Unit stands firmly on the ground together with the Khasi Pnar people in the border area, to reject and oppose the establishment of the Assam Outpost.
As the BJP has been accused of being an anti-religious party, the Chief Minister of Nagaland has asked what else is the Congress? The Congress protects people who are anti-racial and if the BJP is anti-religious, then the Congress party is also anti-religious, Rio said.
One to enter Bangladesh and one to Assam.
Two drug traffickers identified as Lorence Zomuanpuia, 32, of Assam Bazar, ARC, Shillong and Lalmalsawa, 36, of Hunthar Veng, Aizawl, Mizoram have been arrested by the police. East Jaintia Hills District has been arrested for allegedly smuggling drugs into Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister was surprised to hear about this festival.
At present, the Minister of Power has spoken only once to the media about the light outage as a 'smoker'
“The Forum strongly condemns the bloodshed and violence and calls on the people's leaders to take an oath to protect the Constitution of the country and to serve the people in order to contribute to a free Government. from corruption and non-violence but also to bring about closer relationships among the residents in order to maintain peace and order,” the statement added.
The elections to the three Assemblies of the District Councils in the state, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, have already passed in their respective Assemblies. The DC(A) of the State Government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Isaac W Basaiawmoit Secretary of the HYC said that since the declaration of the war against drugs on 2nd June 2024, the HYC has been going around the country without hesitation. They were arrested and sent to rehabilitation centers after agreeing with their families.
Shillong, Lber 24: Answering a question by Ardent Basaiawmoit on the construction of the Umiam Dam, the Minister of State for Power and Power, Abu Taher Mondal, said that the transport department of the government The Minister in charge of Electricity said that the Center Power Water has inspected the bridge twice. research station” and MeECL has also repaired the bridge to ensure its stability.
In this meeting, the CMD, Kong A.Nikhla, has listened to their suggestions. Regarding the increase in light bill, the CMD said that the There may be no mistakes here and there and there may be no corporation that is perfect or shortcoming.
Two Welsh leaders including Sir Gwynn Anggell Jones and his wife Gareth Roberts attended the service.
He also stressed on the need for interoperability and integration of databases produced by various groups through the collaboration of those involved in this process.
This raises the question of what the JHADC has done? And what will be the future of the country and the nation if the JHADC just sleeps and watches these Non-Tribals who come to do business illegally as they please in Jaintia Hills,” said the statement.
On the other hand, Bah Khongsit said that the FKJGP supports the government on a good initiative as this will be the beginning of the check up of cows before eating meat in the state. I hope that the state government will also check up the pigs, cows, goats and others before eating meat which will be of benefit and blessing to the people who eat meat to ensure that it will not affect the It is safe for the people to eat beef.
The participants of the competition were the villagers from the area, who came to showcase their talents. it is the traditional food that they have inherited since ancient times.
The Central Government is working with the State Governments to alleviate the problems of the farmers.
The delay in the maintenance of this road has affected the residents of Mawlai and has caused heavy traffic jam.
On this occasion, the Cabinet also decided to create a new scheme to preserve the traditional crafts, which are still alive today such as the making of knives and other traditional crafts. The Cabinet has decided to implement the Meghalaya Art Work Scheme.
To avoid these protests, the decision of the people on the District Council in Khasi Hills shows that the Khasi Hills District Council Dorbar, all the members should sit together, to be a strong EC.
CEC Kumar urged all States and UTs and groups to translate their 'determination' into 'actions' for a fair, free, violence-free election process and frightening.
We need to reorganize the villages in different constituencies.
The letter also said that in the past few days, two people have lost their lives due to the collision of truck drivers with stone trucks at Purakhasia in West Garo Hills.
At the same time, the Government and the TVC will also prepare City/Town Street Vending Plans for the allocation of outlets and non-occupancy areas in many parts of the city/village. .
The district households are also directed to bring the necessary documents including Birth Certificate of the children, Adhaar Card of the parents, proof of residence from the Rangbahshnong or photograph. EPIC at the time of registration of Adhaar.
He said it is sad to see that in this age, people who know the truth do not come forward to speak the truth, many times those who speak do not speak the truth. they are misled.
The new vote will be held on 1st June
At the public meeting, it was said that there are 26 ethnic groups in Arunachal Pradesh and the government is helping to preserve their culture and traditions. The Government has set up the Department of Indigenous Affairs, Art and Culture to protect the indigenous people.
After these paradoh parasnam got land here, they couldn't leave their shops because they found it difficult to produce water without opening their shops during the earthquake. They have been diagnosed with Covid 19, but with a happy heart they have received hope through the opportunity to stay in this market which is the property of the Forest Department. On the other hand, the Forest Department has threatened to destroy the shops.
These cards will be issued to the owner of the land and will be recognized by the Land Revenue Records Department.
Officials from the Agriculture Department and the Forest Department were not present at the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: It is the Congress party that has banned Panchayatiraj in Meghalaya and the Sixth Schedule has been introduced by the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima until today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing on Tuesday said that the CSWO strongly condemns the killing of fellow human beings and the petrol bombing of houses. it is not only a judgment.
On this occasion, the CEM said that he will take action to curb the illegal trade in Ri Bhoi District. He is ready to accept the suggestion of the union and the shops should carry the illegal trade in Ri Bhoi District. He added that this will be tried first in Ri Bhoi District.
The BSF not only guards the border with Bangladesh but also strives to assist the people such as providing medicines and other development works for the people on the border.
Replying to the allegation by the Director of NEIGHRIMS that politicians have been bought, Bah Hek said, “I have not been bribed”.
Samla Pakma said the government's action has affected not only the poor but also the students because of the high price of vehicles. 10 tyngka but now it is learned that they have paid up to 50 tyngka each.
For the Northeast, the election across the state will be held in the first phase on the 19th of June.
To help the farmers last year the organization has built a farm house in Mawlyngat village and is now looking for land to build a house for the farmers in Mawkriah or Sadew and other countries. Flood District.
On the other hand, Sanbor Shullai MLA and Ricky Shullai MDC have donated T.55,000/- to these players.
He is indeed a man who thinks for the development of the state and the welfare of the state and also for the place where he comes from. they will give up to nine times as much confidence to be their successor.
Shillong, July 27: The BJP-led Government of India has introduced a Bill to amend the Citizenship Act, 1955, the Passport (Entry into India) Act, 1920 and the Foreigners Act. Act, 1946 by introducing the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 together with the amendments to the Passport Act, 1920 and the Foreigners Act,
The Government is also preparing to seek financial assistance from various companies in the state through the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) scheme.
The cow trader, who was caught by the BSF, said that the cows were brought to Purakhasia and the cows should have been handed over to the Bangladeshi traders. The purchase of cows from India is due to the fact that many of the meat factories in Bangladesh rely on cows from India to supply them.
Speaking to reporters, Diangtimai Lyngdoh Secretary of MAWHU said that they have not been paid according to the price, because in other states those who work in this field get more than the price. The maximum salary is T.500 or T.1000, while the assistants receive T.250 or T.
Speaking on the occasion, the two leaders reminded that as human beings we should take care of the environment and also we should avoid building houses near the river. It will reduce the size of the rivers and will also affect the fish that swim freely in the rivers that are far from their villages and homes.
Sethia said that this problem will exist but this problem will disappear after the arrival of the trucks because it takes between 50 and 50 days for the trucks to arrive from the factories. He said that before the end of this month, the market will run smoothly as usual. He said that with the implementation of the GST, the benefits will be to the people as many of the goods will be sold. prices have decreased.
This is also budget season.
Speaking at the meeting, Neeru Kumar President of BWWA congratulated all those who have completed the training. you are teaching.
In a statement issued today, all students of the College of Agriculture, Imphal and College of Food Technology, Imphal, will be offered training for the Undergraduate Students studying in -2021, 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 will be held online.
The total number of cases in Meghalaya has risen to 1457, the total number of recoveries has risen to 1560 and the death toll has risen to
Gabriel T Mawlong of 5mer Upper Shillong , Mairang Train Village , Addorelene Dkhar of Mawprem and Pancracious Ryndong, who lives in Pynursla.
This was announced by the Chief Minister.
On the other hand, the union also urged the Education Department through the SDSEO to re-transfer the two posts of teachers to this school after they were transferred to another place in
In a statement sent today, it said that the expulsion of these people came after the committee in charge of the party had submitted a report to the party that these people had fought against the party.
North Garo Hills District will be held on the 27th of this month.
After coming from Delhi, we went with a strong delegation to meet the Prime Minister, to demand that the Khasi language should be made the official language and at the same time to write to the Minister of Home Affairs. “Even the Prime Minister has clearly promised us to do so and in relation to the letter,” he said, “the Prime Minister has clearly promised us to do so. In support of our demand, we demand the introduction of the Official Bill.
The union also requested the cooperation of Rangbah Shnongs and people who have the spirit to help the farmers who are subjected to illegal kilo cutting of all agricultural products.
On the first day of the MLA Election 2018, the number of candidates will be announced.
According to the census, there are 47 cases in Meghalaya this year.
Therefore, the Prime Minister said that the government is focusing on the development of the states in the North East.
Village Council B: Mr. SB Wanniang (Head of Village) and Mr. B. Gidon.
During the election campaign, the Chief Minister explained to the people what the NPP party has to do for the GHADC and the people should give their support and win the NPP in the elections to be held on the 12th of June. come.
In relation to media outlets through information technology () such as television and media () some terms relating to the media and other aspects of you're a new citizen.
I also urge everyone to find ways to recycle old plastic.
The Seng is also ready to meet with the Union Ministers if the State Government has sent this matter to the Union Government.
James, who is the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, alleged that these appearances of the insurgents were the work of the Congress party. he shall hold the lot in the hold of the office of judge.
The petition, which was submitted today, states that the demand for states is for Gorkhaland, Tipraland, Bodoland, Garoland, Bundelkhand, Vidharbha, Khasi and Jaintia, Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao Autonomous State. .
The SP also demanded that the SP should set up a police out post in the New Balakhwa area to protect the people in the border area, said Bah John Nongrum President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District. .
When the State of Meghalaya was created under the North Eastern Areas Reorganization Act 1971, the State of Meghalaya was created by including 1) Khasi-Jaintia Hills District and 2) Garo Hills Districts.
In his speech, Bah Rap Blah, owner of Khasi Pnar Gas Agency, said that this is the second time that the implementation of the PM Ujala Yojana has been implemented. , said that this time they have received nothing, but after they have to buy, they have to pay in full and T.300/- tyngka will reach their bank account.
This training center has been running for 17 years.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
In this regard, the Council has also decided to preserve the Mawbahs of the 12 Kurs in Raid Nongtung, which are located within Ummat Village.
Minister Duh said that innovators, entrepreneurs, factory owners, farmers and people in the manufacturing and service sectors have a major role to play in leading India in the path of meeting their own needs.
Prominent speakers at the meeting were Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC. the villages, the village councils.
The Prime Minister said that today was a perfect example of technology to ensure easy access to good judgment and informed that his speech was immediately translated into English. English with the help of AI and can also be heard on the Bhashini app.
Regarding the lack of files in the office, I have urged the Secretary to return all the files belonging to the office. don't do these things, but do them quickly.
The total number of MLAs selected to attend the special training convened by Parliament has reached 40 MLAs and most of them are new winners in the last election.
It also causes the soil to lose its fertility.
Kitbok said the party will follow up to ensure that foreigners should not get land especially in Upper Shillong and in this regard, the party will follow up with the Chief Minister to express your opposition.
Speaking to reporters, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the desire of the civil society to meet with him today is to inform the Minister of Home Affairs. on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 03: KSU Narpoh today met with the Minister in charge of Industries in Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhlang Dhar to demand that the more than the Dewbilat Factories in the Narpuh area.
The office has scheduled to hold a meeting on 20th November, 2023 from 10 am to 4 pm at the ground floor of the office to discuss and resolve the issues related to the pension.
The Chief Minister said that these three areas which the Meghalaya government claims are within the state.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The HBDRF Block-1 today clarified that the Khasi-Pnars have no hatred for the Karbi Anglongs, they are the indigenous people and this statement to expel the Karbi Anglongs is just a statement. The Khasi-Pnars are not allowed to become Karbi.
The purpose of taking samples from public places is to find out whether the COVID-19 virus has spread to the public, as all that has been done is only for those who have returned to the state and those who have close contacts. and those who have been infected with COVID-1
Under this new scheme, the citizens no longer have to register as they did in the MHIS but they have to verify as this will now be for everyone.
He said that in this age we have used the knowledge of computers in all fields especially in applying for jobs, applying for scholarships, seeking admission to schools, sending money from one account to another. Apply for Birth Certificate, Scheduled Tribe and other documents.
Tura, Naitung 9: Meghalaya Police today recovered the body of an elderly man from South West Garo Hills (SWGH) district.
“If we succeed in implementing the Pilot Project in the RRC, it will reduce the garbage dumping in Marten and also slightly reduce the garbage dumping in this area,” he added.
Now the ASHAs get the payments, even the weekly salary by working through the App," said Momin.
The demand of the teachers to increase the salary of the SSA teachers known as Fourth Teachers has been going on since 2013 and this demand of the teachers remains until today. rather than having to organize a protest.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, witnessed the tournament and had an opportunity to talk to the athletes.
In previous years, NEHU has released its results in the months of April and May.
The Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (MSTA) has demanded that the government should increase their salary which is currently T.6000 and the payment should be monthly.
It was suggested that NGOs could help carry messages between patients, their families and healthcare providers.
The AIM urges the people of the country from rural, urban and suburban areas including market dwellers, day labourers, farmers, government employees, Muster Roll and parents who send their children to school as well as others to The Awaken India Movement (AIM) has decided to hold a public meeting on that day to protect the future of the country. their own rights and also to enjoy complete freedom without interference.
This has greatly improved the quality of health care in the region, especially in Meghalaya, as we move forward to achieve the goal of our Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for Swastha Bharat,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Synjuk Seng Samla Upper Shillong Circle has always expressed that it has the same goal to work and look after the welfare of the community in the villages and townships. Upper Shillong Village has been fighting to expel foreigners and has also banned the illegal entry of foreigners into the villages of Upper Shillong.
In the second phase, the elections for Municipalities and Panchayats will be coordinated.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr G Myrthong encouraged others to come forward to donate blood because if you donate blood it will not have any harm but it will bring health.
The highest number of cases has been reported in East Khasi Hills District with 2251 cases, West Khasi Hills 138, South West Khasi Hills 17, Ri Bhoi 568, West Jaintia Hills 198, East Jaintia Hills 167 and West Garo Hills. 352, South West Garo Hills 154, South Garo Hills 64, East Garo Hills 63, North Garo Hills 42.
Also present on the occasion were Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, DC of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, Bah PN Sharma, Commandant of CRPF, 67 BN, CRPF. The Governor of the State also took part in the cleaning of the Polo Market.
They want to drive the patients to the parking lot where they plan to put it at the market.
The Reserved Police Shillong border with Wahingdoh also collapsed and the collapse occurred near the residential building.
“I see that all this is just a political ploy, from the government, to the District Council and within the Mawsymram Constituency,” he said.
The victory against the CAB and the BJP is only a small victory.
And the handover to the Mineral Developer cum Operator (MDO) to mine coal has pleased and opened the way for large companies and rich people to destroy the income of small towns and will cause danger. The coal will be worked only by the saipan officials with the assistance of the government officials.
He also praised the various groups, who ensured that the fire did not spread to other nearby houses and residential buildings.
Furthermore, the digitization of Government service offerings and functions has reduced the time and duties for businesses to comply with regulations and has made it easier for investors to establish and operate in India.
On the 5th of July 2018.
Before the meeting with the Cabinet Secretary, they met with the Commissioner Secretary in charge of Education, Bah DP Wahlang. During the meeting, Bah Wahlang informed the teachers that he came from Delhi to He also met with the Union Minister to discuss this issue and also with the Chief Minister.
The government expects to receive assistance from the central government of T.6,527 crore and the state government expects to generate T.1,886 crore.
to request the Central Government to continue to implement this MGNREGS scheme.
The Prime Minister also congratulated the newly employed candidates and their families.
“This will be the last meeting of the party to complain to the authorities and if they cannot do anything on this issue within 15 days, the party will take its own action.
To further strengthen the trade in property for the indigenous people, there should be limits on the employment of foreigners, as many of the jobs that their people can do are not done. I don't know what to do.
He said that Modi's Guarantee Gadiki is still providing information to the people about special products and these products can be promoted on the GeM platform. Modi's victory guarantees Gadi.
Marathon, Slow Bike Racing and shooting competition were held on the same day. The winners were awarded with cash prizes ranging from 1000 to 5000 rupees. also like a field of fire by the river Myntdu.
Jowai, July 16: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS) has organized the fourth edition of the Red Ribbon Superstar Meghalaya Icon in Jowai. of the worsening of the disease.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the participants not to believe the news published on social media but to be involved in bringing about change in the society.
They discussed topics such as:-'Local relevance and importance of G20' and 'Up-skilling the youth for better prospects'
These words were spoken by Bah DP Iangjuh as the Chief Guest at a meeting of the residents of Mawsynram Constituency in Shillong held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. on the 27th of this month.
The tricolor flag of the country was hoisted by the Governor and a salute was received from the armed forces who celebrated the day.
On the same day, the Cabinet also approved the appointment of Rongjeng Model College, as was done at Patharkhamah College.
The leaders of these two organizations also appealed to the relevant government authorities and the district authorities to take action to send relief goods to these refugees. They needed to get the aid after the houses were destroyed, they added.
At this public meeting, the president of the HSPDP urged the people not to lose hope and urged the people to take action in the election. take sting of this work which affects the life and death of the nation.
The meeting was attended by the Executive Members of both the Autonomous Councils.
Bindo said he decided to write to the party leadership in June this year with a request to take a new step after he decided to contest as an Independent candidate from Nongkrem Constituency against The candidate nominated by the UDP in the MLA elections held this year.
At the same time, MeECL has been directed to improve its operations in collecting the light bill from the light consumers.
“The union is deeply saddened by the shortage of doctors in the union and there is no doctor at the union because the doctor has not been appointed to treat the patients. The government has sent them for training but they have not come,” said Bah Syngkli.
There are 66 shops owned by foreigners from Khasi who have been closed down by the KHADC and only 3 of them have been allowed to reopen after proving that the owners are Khasi. They have signed a social agreement with the KHADC to allocate shops only to the indigenous people.
Meghalaya lost to Karnataka by 10 goals, Karnataka scored three goals and Meghalaya scored a par goal to win the silver medal.
There will be no water supply from the GSWS for 24 hours on that day and the office will do its utmost to complete the work within the stipulated time, he said. SE of PHE is not responsible for Electrical.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 42 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the country. , South West Garo Hills 5, 10 districts have tested positive.
At the same time, he said, “We live in a democratic country where people have the right to express what they have to say and it cannot be stopped. The responsible government should also act responsibly when it takes any decision that is in the best interest of the state.
Furthermore, the introduction of workplace-related projects within the training programs brings understanding and fills the gaps between training experiences and workplace behaviours.
For those who came from Bhoi, talks are ongoing to open an ISBT in Mawiong. The government has taken this decision to provide convenience to the farmers of the state, said Prestone.
The Gaganyaan Project team will also join the yoga program around the world for the International Yoga Day by doing yoga on this day.
The NLCN has set a target of recruiting more than 1,500 members, who will be sent to Nagaland for training.
In the Khasi Hills, there have been many landslides and even inside Shillong, there have been landslides due to the heavy rainfall.
In this regard, the BSF has lodged a complaint with the BGB of Bangladesh to take action against the smugglers.
The cause of the incident is not yet known but police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
The death toll from the disease today has risen to 1314 from East Khasi Hills District.
The competition was organized by the BRAVE Foundation, which opens the door to married and divorced mothers.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Union Minister of State for Herbal Medicine Sarbananda Sonowal today inaugurated seven new buildings as the second phase II of the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy. (NEIAH) today to strengthen its capacity.
When the BSF troops stopped these vehicles, the cow traders fled from Baghmara to Phanda. Seeing this, the BSF troops who were present at that time searched the area and arrested them. the cattle traders.
He said that this is the largest government company with a turnover of T.2000 crore and employees of up to 4000 people. This is the company that the people need every day.
Shillong, March 23: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today said that if there is no evidence that coal is mined, There are still 32 lakh MT in the depot as the government has not been involved in politics.
Out of these 44, 20 are exporters while 24 are smaller traders who applied for renewal of their licence, but due to lack of documents they did not receive it.
“With 5G, India is on par with other countries in telecom technology for the first time,” he said.
He said that only 4% or 5% of the rainwater received by the state has been managed, but all the water flows. Bangladesh and its neighboring states.
On the other hand, the CSWO (I), through Kong Christabell Wanniang, General Secretary, on learning of the incident, strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should investigate and punish. The Shillong Bypass is a recent highway and that the people especially the women and children in the area do not Such incidents affect the society and peace.
One of the family members of the deceased Lakhanlal Singh has lodged an FIR at the Sardar Traffic Branch on the night of 30th November in connection with the incident. work hard to find this car and also the driver.
Shillong, November 30: The President of the HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, today said that the government's announcement on the casino ban is nearing completion and the NPP, if it comes to power, will There is nothing wrong with this state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is a shortage of silver water pipes in the market and this has affected the implementation of the Jal Jivan Mission scheme. houses all in rural villages.
Shillong, June 04: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donald V. Thabah today urged the government not to torture and harass the members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). Otherwise, the party will not hesitate to take other measures which may affect the peace and order and which may affect the government authorities.
The deterioration of the road has also affected the tourists to Shnong Pdeng, Darang and Umngot due to the deterioration of the road, although this area has been one of the places that attracts people from all over.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Kharchandi explained the situation in the state especially in Shillong where the Khasi people are more likely to speak English, even among the Khasi.
I would also like to thank the Tourist Department of the Government of Meghalaya for the development of Nongkhnum River Island which has called a tender since 21 October, 2013 for the construction of the Construction of Island Station and other facilities on the island. place.
Jowai, July 13: KSU Laskein Circle has warned against foreign traders following a complaint from the residents of the area. The distribution of Laskein Block is in the supply or purchase of goods to various villages and especially in the market places like Raliang, Mowkaiaw, Iooksi and Sahsniang.
The expenditure for this fiscal year has been estimated at T.9,289 crore, an increase of 22.2% over the previous fiscal year.
In addition to the four Gold Medals that Ferdinand Suchiang has won recently in the World Martial Arts (Jeed Kune-Do), he has also held other titles such as qualification, such as (1) “Diploma Certificate of Qualification as the Coach of WAKO India and Licensed as Grade-A Coach"; (2) “Certificate  for attending the Coaching Course for Wushu Coaches 2018"; (3) “Certificate for Completion the Course of International Referee and Judge Seminar set to the Highest Standard" bad ka (3) “Certificate for Completion of the International Seminar in Traditional Boran & Muay Thai Advanced Training Camp set to the Highest Standard".
Police have been following up on the incident and on Tuesday night they raided the Grace Hotel on Tuesday night and arrested the leader of the ANVC(B). Apsal M Sangma, 26, of Dobi village, Baghmara, was arrested and two mobile phones and T.76,000/- were seized from him. 23 from DC Colony, Williamnager from Swadrang, Tura and Isaac Marak from DC Colony, Williamnager.
Police said that a man named Severius Nongkhlaw has stabbed his brother Macarius Nongkhlaw at Umroh Mawkasiang village under Mawdiangdiang out post. The injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
The four areas where shops have been allowed to open until 11.30 pm are, one from Hotel Assembly Point to Nan Polok via Oakland Road, the second from Polo Hills, the third from Umkaliar and the fourth from Umkaliar. It is located on Quinton Road and is located on the road from EC Restaurant to Jail Road Petrol Pump.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC made it clear to the HPF leaders that the office will comply with the rules and regulations in this regard.
Of these, 17 vehicles were seized. Police have urged the owners of the vehicles to remove them and if they continue to keep them, they will be punished under the provisions of the MV Act.
The opening of shops, food outlets, restaurants and other shops around Shillong have been closed at 10.00 pm. They are prohibited from playing excessive music in front of schools or places of worship, in places where there are hospitals, and in residential areas.
“This is the first time that the colors of the North East of India will be exhibited in Nepal,” he said. “We will not only hold it in Kathmandu, but we will spread the talents of the North Eastern Region across the cities and towns of Nepal, including Patan, Pokhara, Birgunj, Biratnagar, Dharan, Janakpur, Sindhupalchowk and Dolakha.
Shillong will hold an exhibition on the theme “8 Years of Service, Sushasan and Garib Kalyan” and Amrit Mahotsav at Ramakrishna Mission Hr.Sec.School, Sohra on the 27th of this month. and 28 April.
The tournament was held at the Hong Kong Sea School in Stanley. The participants were from Hong Kong, the host country. In Burma, Philippines and India.
During the meeting, the Union Minister promised that the Union Government will support the State Government for the construction of roads in the State.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District in his speech expressed his satisfaction to see that this jain area will become a place of worship by using the method of airong without the use of tree leaves. medical person.
That the words Kur, Lyngdoh, Sirdar, Wahadadar, Dolloi and Nokma instead of 'Chiefs' shall appear in the Sixth Schedule in accordance with the provisions of the There should be a party less Council for the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadadars, Dolloi Nokmas, including the leaders of the Dorbar Kurs, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordar Shnongs. amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
In non-news venues, meetings may be held with only 50% of the capacity of these venues and not more than 200 people.
This is evidence from the records of the meeting held on 22nd November, 2022,” said Bah Sumer.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner today appointed a Magisterial Inquiry to investigate the incident.
How can these private individuals know that the authorities are not allowed to obtain labor licence, why is it difficult for the KHADC to call tender and select through the open bidding system? The answer is that from the beginning, the labor service license was issued by the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (Trading by Non Tribals). Regulation, 1954 and the purpose of this Act is to protect the indigenous people and tribals in the trade and wage labor.
More than 700 people with physical disabilities have flocked from nearby villages to the Health Camp and have experienced the blessings of the camp.
The people should think carefully, they should ask questions carefully during this time of crisis lest they turn away immediately after the election.
Although film screenings, workshops and master classes themselves will have a lot of entertainment, to explore the boundaries of entertainment and entertainment.
So after seeing the presentation, many questions arose and many of them have been explained and answered and many members have accepted it.
The world is now talking about the steps India has taken amid the shortage of resources.
The reasons given by the company for the suspension of the work are the inability to work due to the change in the management of the water pipes of the PHE which is still working due to the until the installation of the water pipes is completed, work will not be carried out.
Shillong, June 15: The 3rd Inspiring Youngsters Under 16 Football Tournament, 2017 was held at the Nonglang Sports Club, Nonglang.
“If they cannot provide, they have to take responsibility,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Police have arrested two persons identified as Banshanlang Marbah, 26, and Henry Kharjahrin in connection with the burning of two vehicles on the 12th of this month. COMSO has started implementing the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the present government, he said that the government has made mistakes in many areas and the NPP will not stand idly by.
In his speech, Union Minister Dr. Pokhriyal urged that the COVID-19 pandemic will become a source of opportunities for the development of the country. Chancellor PK Gupta who has received the NIRF rank has congratulated the students who have passed from this university. He said that he is pleased to know that students from 56 countries of the world come to study at this university and said that the Central Government wants to introduce the subject of studying in India. and I live in India.
In the North East, Assam has the largest population but can register only 36,4
The fire has affected those who passed by and followed these garbage trucks of the Shillong Municipal Board and the garbage which was loaded without a cover was severely damaged by the garbage loaded in the garbage truck.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah Kennedy Khyriem, President of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM), on Tuesday announced that they will hold a 24 hour petrol strike on the 25th of this month across the Khasi Jaintia Hills to protest against the petrol strike. The Assam Petroleum Workers Union (APMU).
The team will be led by Tyngshainlang Kharlyngdoh as Head Coach and Franky Kharumnuid as Team Manager.
The office has been closed due to lack of network since 20th November 2021 until today. The office has been closed due to many complaints about lack of network.
Modi said that by working in Mission Mode, we have been able to increase the supply of medicines from 60% to 90% in the last 5-6 years.
This lack of salary has affected the family, especially the children who are still going to school.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy and his wife will visit Agnes Kharshiing at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong tomorrow morning. you at 10 o'clock in the morning.
According to a government announcement issued today, the police station has been transferred from Ranikor Police Station and from today it will no longer fall under the Ranikor Police Station. from today.
The union is surprised how the government authorities turn around and blame the union members for the past incidents.
The Secretary of the Nonglang Sirdarship, Bah Birbor Riangtem, said that there are one village in the Nonglang Hima which he alleged that the Chief Minister has transferred to Assam. the current MDA government.
About 200 people took part in the race. The race started from Khyndailad to Motphran, Jeep Stand, GS Road, Stanley Roy Petrol Pump, Mawlai Nonglum, Mawlai Mawdatbaki. , Polo Market, Four Furlongs, MES, Rynjah, Head of Town, St Edmund's and ended at the starting point.
Let us repay our schools or universities with equipment or knowledge and take responsibility for the state, the country and the people.
Third –Follow the instructions given by the AYUSH department to boost your body’s ability to fight this disease.
I am not the Chief Minister so I can only suggest to the Honorable Chief Minister and the Members of Ministers, MLAs of the MDA Government to hold a thorough discussion on the rights and rules of the IOA & AA. close relationship and detailed explanation on the rights, duties and responsibilities of the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Raid and Dorbar Hima in the Khadar administration and justice especially in relation to the rights of the children of Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The names of the candidates are from 2-Jowai by Wailadmiki Shylla, 4-Mookaiaw by Gilbert Sten, 8-Mawhati by Dasakhiatbha Lamare, 9-Nongpoh. Mr. Cleophas B. King, and Mr. Sosthenes Sohtun.
It is a great loss for this family.
The DTFC's responsibility is to track down foreigners who have entered the state.
Sub-Divisional Labor Office, in collaboration with the District Legal Service Authority, of East Jaintia Hills District.
On New & Renewable Energy, the Prime Minister said that the distribution of the agricultural sector from solar water pumps to individual solar cold storage should be looked at.
(SP News)U Bah KP Pangniang, EM of KHADC, who is in charge of the Elaka, said, “I am very sad to see that so many people are coming here now. in the sight of the king of Mylliem.
After this, the police conducted a search operation around Shillong and arrested these people who are suspected to be involved in the shooting at Lumdingjri Police Station. The arrested persons were Mr Nakemlang Kharpuri, Mr Goldy Khongwir, Mr Lawanbiang Dohkrud, Mrs Jolene Hazel Khingwir, Mr Stadpyrkhat Langstieh and Mr Phaiborlang Donshiew.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the robbers. It is said that such incidents happen frequently in the area of ​​Sohiong.
Therefore, the union is deeply saddened by such incidents and the union has already lodged its demands with the office of Asst.Engineer MePDCL Mawkyrwat since the past few months. that you should not repair and fence the parts where the transformer is located.
Mangtinial won the gold medal, Len Chung Nung won the silver medal, Bijoy Datta won two gold medals, Sailen Rabha and Laiminiun Vaipei did not. get any prize in this competition.
The NGT's intention to ban or suspend coal mining in the State on the grounds that it causes damage to the environment is wrong because the biggest threat is the damage and destruction of forests. The General Secretary of KSU JHDU, Samla Streamly Niangti, said: “The destruction of the hills by the Cement Company.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 10: Leaders of HANC Langshonthiang Unit on Tuesday met with the JE in charge of the PMGSY Umdang-Jaiaw Road (0-14km) to inquire about the Kane is on the road.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Phanwar congratulated MEPA for this honor and said that Meghalaya should have a place in the Indian media in terms of issues and the conditions that the state has.
They also thanked the department for organizing this program on Diwali.
It is time for them too to reduce the tax on fuel, wrote the Union Minister in charge of Petroleum and Natural Gas and Housing and Urban Affairs.
Speaking to reporters, he said that they will hold a protest on 19th November 2022 from 10 am to protest against the government's delay in issuing the resolution.
In his speech, the Governor urged to implement development projects in the rural areas in order to improve the income of the people in all aspects, especially the farmers.
He said that the people should come forward to demand peace talks for the struggle for Garoland.
These trees were donated by the Forest Department of the State Government at the request of Prof. Rtn Saroj K Barik.
Shillong, July 01: The second batch of BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) will now train youths who have completed this training so that they can become self-employed. Only the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).
On this occasion, the law enforcement agencies have ringed video from the meeting and those who attended the meeting and this has made it easier for the police to identify those allegedly involved in the stone throwing. and the office.
Block 2 won 15,000 tyngka and a trophy by defeating Block 2 2 to 1 while Block 2 won 10,000 tyngka and a trophy. The final match was held between KSU Mawlai Circle and KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit in the friendly match between KSU Mawlai Circle and KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh Proper, Bah M Mynsong, said that the decision was taken at an emergency meeting today after receiving a request from the son of Dr Sailo. but because the people will accept it as a village they have to take this decision.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that he has directed the management of NEIGRIHMS Hospital to search for those who have hands to spread the name of the sick person and those involved should be punished.
The MPCC's refusal to accept the resignation letters of the three MDCs is a sign that the Congress party will try to persuade them to return to the Congress party. the attempt went ahead.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Indian Air Force (IAF) in recent days has worked hard to rescue Bhutanese army officers from their injuries in a fire.
The celebration began with a prayer service by the Pastor of DACF, a speech by the Commandant of the Battalion, Bah FG Kharshiing, IPS and was followed by a cultural programme. Groups from all over Delhi took part and showcased their talents such as singing, dancing, dancing and others.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Ms Kurbah said that this is only in East Khasi Hills District. preserve the environment.
Ed.
The purpose of this school is to provide training to children who wish to learn and understand in music, dance, singing, and especially music in different genres. don't like the sound of music.
Meanwhile, the leaders of SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CGB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC said that they will not sit idly by but if the NHAI and the Meghalaya government do not They will soon announce a stronger protest throughout the East Jaintia Hills District in the coming days.
The incumbent Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Biswanath Somadder, has been transferred under Article 222 of the Constitution of India. of the Sikkim High Court.
The CPA Executive meeting is held twice a year with the participation of CPA Officers and leaders from the nine regions of the CPA. June 11th and 12th.
The MTDC has sent many schemes to the Central Government and one of those schemes the Central Government has allocated T.20 crore for the construction of the Umiam Lake Resort. state.
During his visit to Vairengte, Conrad met with the people of Serlui constituency and also inaugurated the NPP information centre. Dr. Larintlunga Jahau and General Secretary of Nagaland Sashank Gataraj.
All four persons were arrested from Mali while Marvinson and Jason were selling drugs to foreigners who came in a scooty without registration number ML05-M-0
The decision to file a complaint was taken at two meetings held on the 27th July in Jowai and at a meeting in Shillong on the 1st of this month. teach the D.El.
“This person and others appeared in the media in 2020 after their people suddenly attacked the rally against CAA and demand ILP of the KSU in which dozens of members. KSU Sohra member Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, a member of KSU Sohra, has been tied and bombed with weapons until his head and lyngkien bled on the road. Circle.
The Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare will announce once or twice a day the preparations and expectations of the Government on the safety measures taken by the Government as part of giving hope to the people of the State in such a situation. period.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Conrad K Sangma, Member of Parliament from Tura, who won the mid-term elections from Tura, will be sworn in as a full time MP in the next Legislative Assembly. come , which starts again in May.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Thyllaw Border Unit today lodged a petition with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that the government should set up a Sub Center in Thyllaw. , which is about 30 kms from Mawsynram.
Shillong, Naitung 02: There are 29 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District 1, Ri Bhoi District today. West Garo Hills 1.
He said that as of now, it has been seen that there are also Capped Langur who have come to live in these forests of Jowai. to the bushes because after they have eaten the fruit they drop the fruit shells or seeds to the ground.
The Federation of Khasi States has been monitoring these rights for 68 years and is pleased to say that while the political parties do not discuss this issue, the call to protect the jaidbynriew is in vain.
He also urged the people of the area to elect leaders who can think and take responsibility for the entire nation, and speak and fight for the causes of the land of Hynniewtrep from the border, the illegal entry of foreigners. mynder, you're not sure what to do.
Besides these weapons, drugs, empty containers used to make drugs, ganja and injection needles were also seized.
New Delhi, January 30: From its initial days, the Modi Government has wanted to change the prejudice that has been ingrained in the six decades since Independence, ignoring those in lower castes. This has troubled those designing new policies in their goal for equitable economic opportunities for all in all parts of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, KM Syiemlieh, Syiem Khynnah, Hima Nongkhlaw, said, “God has given man to be the master of the animals, the birds, the mountains and the rivers. Because of greed and wealth, he has destroyed what God has put in order for the living things in nature by cutting down the trees and destroying the earth without thinking what will happen. happens later.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, FKJGP Williamnagar Zone President Sengseng N Marak said that they have demanded from the government to have strict laws to punish the perpetrators.
According to the government order, all government employees have been ordered to come to work on the 28th and 29th, the NPP said in a statement.
“Maw-point, which is the most popular tournament in the Khasi Hills, will be included in this tournament.
" said Bah Dkhar.
He said that the UDP in the district has expressed that the resignation of the UDP leader who has great confidence is only a ploy to mislead the people in public, but there is a secret. It was something that led him to resign as party leader.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum as well as from abroad and abroad have come to witness the Behdeinkhlam festival. They rejoiced in the joy of bringing the Rot to Aitnar, the holy pool, to show them to the public before breaking them there.
According to the Meghalaya government, Nongwah-Mawtamur has an area of ​​137.51 sg kilometers under the Jirang MDC constituency. .
The HYC also urged the management of NEIGRIHMS to appoint nurses from the state, who have sufficient skills and education to appoint vacant posts and to appoint nurses who have worked on contractual basis within the state. of the Institute.
Two government vehicles have been set on fire by unidentified persons in the past two days.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah CB Syiem, Secretary of the RBDCC, on Tuesday said that three MLAs of the Congress party have been arrested. From Ri Bhoi, DD Lapang, C Lyngdoh and Ngaitlang Dkhar should resign from the government.
The data to be collected during the survey will include detailed information of the vendors and the types of vendors, the time of vendors, the method of vendors, etc.
Shillong, March 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that 2 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. one has 38 people.
The Seng strongly warns that Khasi girls who are still close to these foreigners should not be allowed to play chess and if they are found playing chess, the Seng will take action.
One of the young men of the Jaintia Hills whom we have named Tei Hingh.
All government officers and schools will be closed on polling day to allow all employees to cast their votes in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
In this meeting with the DC, the leaders were directed to meet with the SDO Civil of Sohra to discuss the scheme. Rymbai's mother.
Mangar said that according to what they have received from the MHRD, the central government has not discriminated in the salaries of SSA teachers teaching in this state and in other states there has been no discrimination. in relation to the payment.
The launch of the campaign was also attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Principal Secretary, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Director (DHS-MI) and other officials. others are rich.
Shillong, March 10: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today met with actor Akshay Kumar in Pune. On Twitter today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, said that he has met with the Indian Hindi film star.
The National People's Party (NPP) has nominated Dipul R Marak as its candidate for the upcoming elections, while the Congress party has not yet decided whom it will nominate. as a candidate.
It was also ordered that two gates should be set up to check the transportation of coal.
Answering additional questions, he said that although they have not been recognized as factories, the government has provided assistance to those who farm under the CM-Elevate scheme. jongri where the government will provide 50% of the funds.
She said that with this victory she is confident that her son will continue to work harder to serve the people as the people have given their trust in their family.
The sugar was sent to Bangladesh because no one came to use the sugar when the BSF and Police searched the house. .
The number of cases in the districts is East Khasi Hills 506, West Khasi Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 43, West Jaintia Hills 14, East Jaintia Hills 15, West Garo Hills 2 people.
We must strive to take those who have been affected, our brothers and sisters, from despair to hope.
The Residential Permit for Immigrants which prohibits the residence of Basa Thurmur Village without borders by the authorities in Hynniewtrep.
Teinwell Dkhar, Titosstar Well Chyne, Mitchel Wankhar, Paul Lyngdoh, Jambor War, Pius Marwein and Martle N. Mukhim of the HSPDP are in the opposition.
The reasons for introducing the bill are to follow the decision of the Supreme Court of India in a case filed by Pro Yashpal against the Chattisgarh government.
This time, their protest was to stop work for one day and to hold a graffiti.
On the other hand, the SP also explained to the JYF leaders that Batskhem has many names.
Applicants have to provide proof of their date of birth according to the rules.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this award is to recognize the hard work of the self-employed, because only the government job is difficult but This man became a helper by starting his own business and at the same time he became an employer of others.
On the same day, the Secretary also launched the calendar of the NEC for the year 2017, in the presence of many officers of the NEC inside the NEC Auditorium.
Shillong, Lber 02: The JHADC has received three CEMs in the past three years, Thombor Shiwat, Moonlight Pariat and Madonbai Rymbai. Thombor Shiwat, who returned as MDC, won 1441 votes against the INC candidate Jeweller Synrem from Nartiang-Umladang. Moonlight Pariat was defeated by NPP candidate Saron Paswet by 897 votes from Jowai South.
“What has been good in the past should be improved and not destroyed,” said the President of the JSU.
The first step towards this is facilitation in the language of their instruction.
However, the state government has made it clear that it cannot accept that as Garo Hills does not already have an Autonomous District Council under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution to look after the welfare of the indigenous people.
Speaking to reporters, B Snaitang General Secretary of the party said that the government should respond to this demand within two months. .
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Rev PBM Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the choice of the rebel group to take human life aims to bring peace to the people of the state. GNLA wants to disrupt the election?
Under this scheme, up to T.1 crore has been allocated for start-up work.
The election was held in the middle of a video call as directed that the election should be sent to the Governor with the videos to ensure that there will be no excesses during the election.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that there are no new cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
The Army team, which was selected to participate in the National Flag Guard, was selected from the 5th Battalion of the First Gorkha Rifles.
They can run schools for street children, provide relief to stray animals and birds, and supply water to tribal communities living in hard-to-reach areas located in the country's northernmost part.
In another incident, BSF troops seized a large quantity of timber and siej from Ranikor which was smuggled by smugglers to Bangladesh.
If the government does not do as the Minister has promised, it will appear that it is only a trick of the government to confuse the people and also to mislead the majority.
Process said that the people of Mawlai should not be misled regarding the census that Mawlai constituency will not fall under the urban areas in the current census.
“What surprises the union is that there is not a single person to be treated at this CHC and the CHC is slowly closing down.
He also spoke about other projects of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department in Eastern West Khasi Hills District including the Vocational Training Center at Mawnai from which the residents of the state have benefited greatly. through the trainings conducted there on pig farming, chicken farming and so on.
This inscription is located closer to the gate of the army and this inscription is placed on the gate of the army and this inscription is the only one with clearly written letters on the gate.
The government should understand its responsibility but the government's blindness to the problems of the people is sad so we strongly demand that the state government should also increase the price of petrol by 10 or 12 tyngka. that it shall be for the benefit of the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Robbers robbed the SBI branch at Umiam near Orchid Hotel in Ri Bhoi District today and stole the money from the bank at 71 pm. lakh rupees.
Others who attended the meeting were KHADC Chief Executive Member Teinwell Dhar, Alantry Dkhar and other UDP party leaders from the constituency and other places.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, RBPWU President Napoleon Mawphniang said that the PWD contractors from Ri Bhoi District have written to the government authorities to implement the Provident Fund. 'As it is now, they are filled with regret that the EPF scheme has not been implemented.
The Garo Students Union (GSU) has arrested Diganta from Gokol Market on the 24th and lodged an FIR against him at the Bajengdoba Police Station on the 25th of this month. station in connection with this work.
The problem they face is that the MPSC cannot conduct examinations on Sundays like the UPSC. students.
The complaint was also lodged in writing with the Women's Department of the school.
New Delhi, Jymmang 7:It has been found that there are times when people have booked for COVID vaccination through the CoWIN platform and have not gone for vaccination at the scheduled time but have received an SMS that they got medicine.
All the registered cases from different states of the North East have arrived today and a total of 3030 cases have been sent for home quarantine.
This was announced by Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU Balat Border Unit.
He said that more than 50,000 students have passed the matric examination and only 54% have passed. This shows that half of the students have failed in their examination. It is sad to see that the resolt of young people is in this way.
In another incident, BSF seized 33 cows from Lyngkhat while the smugglers were smuggling cows from Lyngkhat. These cows are still being smuggled to Bangladesh.
We don't want these past events to happen again.
“If it is as it is now, it will be difficult to get a clean investigation,” said the BJP leader. Regarding the Umroi Airport, the BJP said that the Union Minister has He said that there is no need for more funds to build the Umroi Airport.
These measures include increased regulations on collection, pricing of goods, promotion of production, audit of accounts and other similar measures.
Angela said that many of the wealthy businessmen who want to get a light saw car have to take part in the world and when they win they turn their shop into a shop.
These challenges and writers will be able to write writings in the form of sawangka, parom, poetry to assist the Dorbar Shnongs and Himas and the State Government to revise policies.
The Chief of Army Staff, who has just assumed office, has a special authority to lead, in which he has worked across India from the eastern parts of India to the southern and southern parts of the country. we in the various positions that are required of him to look after.
The indigenous peoples of the country are a full part of India's identity.
U Bah Banshai Marbaniang who is a volunteer in the State through this area when I saw this incident I had the opportunity to meet with some of the employees of MCAB Mawsynram Branch to inform them and on their part also. This incident was expressed and accepted due to the lack of employees and many customers.
On this occasion, the youths of the NPYF went around Tura to distribute these plastic bags to the vendors by explaining the harmful effects of plastic bags on the environment.
There have been 108 recoveries, 68 from East Khasi Hills and 20 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 78,3
The Seng also found that the PHC Diengpasoh does not even have an ambulance but a driver and according to the information of the employees, they use an auto. now they have taken over and the Government has paid for this vehicle.
So far, four persons have been arrested, three in connection with the incident in Ichamati and one in connection with the incident in Mawlai Mawroh.
In an intense showdown against Punjab, Badondor Marbaniang seized the spotlight with two crucial goals, securing the championship for Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 11: U Pastor Rev Basaiawmoit today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to urge him that the government should not accept the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule without first understanding. .
Any complaint regarding the names on the electoral roll should be lodged on 13/2/2020 and the full electoral roll will be released on 15/2/2
Regarding the road from the Hills of West Bengal via Bangladesh to Mahendraganj in Garo Hills, this work has been followed up with the Central Government and this road in the coming years will become the gateway to the district. east of India.
This was announced in a statement by Atul J. Nikam, State Director NYKS, Meghalaya.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Garo Hills 6 cases, East Jaintia Hills 2 cases, East Khasi Hills 89 cases, Ri Bhoi 7 cases, South West Khasi Hills 1 case and West Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 3 cases.
He said that it is not well known in other districts of the state but the full citizenship registration in East Khasi Hills District is very thorough and they have conducted an investigation and it is not easy for even their children. Government employees who come to work in Meghalaya do not get to apply for the benefits from the state.
Furniture shops (woodworking shops not allowed) Grills, Florist shops, Stationery shops and Xerox shops Other shops not named above are allowed to open only if absolutely necessary and with the permission of the relevant SDO or BDO, through the Rangbah Shnong.
This order shall come into force immediately after the publication of this notice.
There are also shops displaying traditional games and shops displaying traditional drinks.
If they do not respect, the members of the party will have to take action and close down such workplaces which do not respect this special day of the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The UDP Primary Unit, Mawpran has distributed food items to the poor.
Regarding the Dispensary in Padu, it was said that it has only four rooms and this has made it difficult to accommodate patients and staff.
On this occasion, a leaflet written by the party was also distributed to explain to the people on the grounds that the party is against the railway line.
The work awarded is to build a house under the special scheme of the Central Government for the year 2015-2
The incident in Balakhawa shows that the government has surrendered to the Assam government. How can the Assam police arrest people at will in Assam and register a smoking case in Assam? one state, this is illegal and unconstitutional.
To remember that the Constitution of India allows only one vote, for oneself, not in the name of others, more than that is illegal.
The condition of the NH-44 is a great shame to the State of Meghalaya and has slowed down the trade as this road is the bloodline of economic development.
The KSU Bengaluru Unit also held a Lucky Draw on the same day, with dances, songs, Quiz Competition and Basketball Competition by the students of Bengaluru.
Speaking to reporters after the inauguration, the Prime Minister said that this appointment of ministers is not surprising, it is the same, in fact there should have been more.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Sub Divisional Officer of Sohra said that it is true that there has been an earthquake in Nongpriang village in which four people have died and only one body has been recovered. .
Replying to a question by PT Sawkmie, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the formation of the Block Monitoring Decelopment Committees will be completed in April.
Speaking at a meeting on Kit and Youth Affairs, the Union Minister said that DoNER and Youth Affairs will fight as much as possible to lead the youth to these two kits. The DoNER will allocate funds to assist the youth to set up jobs in the region.
Shillong, July 19: After more than 10 months of closure, the government authorities have allowed the reopening of several shops in the market including market vendors from Tuesday
To expedite this, we will visit the areas involved in the conflict in the last month of July or the first month of November, in the presence of the Chief Ministers of both the States.
All government departments were explained regarding the implementation of the Model Code. 72 hours.
“Through this statement, the union strongly warns the Forest Department not to treat these shopkeepers like this and if there is any intention to build or do anything on this place according to the needs of the department, it will have to. “It's a good idea to provide land to these shopkeepers here, otherwise the union will take strong measures,” said the UHM. to immediately demolish the illegally built places of worship of other religions at Mahadev Khola as well as other illegally built places on the premises of this department.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today announced that on Saturday 18th October 2023, they will hold a thanksgiving meeting for the people of the state. I have given my full support to the party in the 2023 MLA election.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Police today arrested two persons, Sumit Naha, 21, and Rahul Ghosh, both from Dibrugarh, Assam and seized 21.05 grams of heroin from them. heroin addiction.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Process T Sawkmie said the party is ready to lodge a complaint against the MLAs who have fled the party to the Speaker of the House on the first day.
Other speakers at the meeting were Alpha Nongkhlaw, Peter Dohkrud, Marbud Dkhar. All these speakers demanded that the government should listen to the demands of the people as this affects the people. .
Speaking at the clean-up meeting at Mawlai Mawiong, Ms Iamon said that she is saddened to see that plastic has destroyed the environment and the spread of plastic is like a violence against nature.
New Delhi, Nailar 19: The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah has planted 4 crore trees under the All-India Tree Plantation Campaign of the Ministry of Home Affairs at the CRPF Group. The All India Tree Planting Campaign to plant 5 crore trees in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh today marked the milestone of environmental protection.
In Garo Hills, there was no impact of the curfew but many shops were closed especially in the areas where there are coal mines.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has held a public hearing on the NPR Biometric Enrollment or Aadhaar.
In Meghalaya, Congress leaders today staged a protest outside the Congress Bhawan against the removal of Rahul Gandhi from the Lok Sabha.
On the allegation that the Ranikor Civil Sub Division has not been demanded in the past, it is misleading to the people.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched a three-day rally which started on the 22nd from Nongstoin and will end in Shillong on the 24th of this month.
On this occasion, the Seng also held a 1 minute silence to express its sorrow in memory of the shooting of these members of the Seng.
The union also demanded the reopening of the hostels which have not been repaired yet.
Referring to Khasi Hills, he said the NPP will win more than 18 constituencies and also from Garo Hills and this will enable the NPP to form a government in .
Shillong, March 21: The Director of NEIGHRIMS, Dr DM Thapa, on Tuesday said that he accepts an investigation into NEIGHRIMS even if it is by the CBI. office work your.
After the meeting with the Chief Minister in the presence of the Forest Department and the Director of Mineral Resources, we received an explanation from the Prime Minister that the Kommorah Limestone Mining Company LTD (KLMC) needs to get the mining lease is not new.
He said that the program will continue according to the programs until the training of all the traditional healers in Meghalaya has been completed. Raid and Dorbar Hima to take action to hold discussions within the villages to get the opportunity to set up farms for valuable medicinal plants as the danger is that they will disappear.
AMD has suspended its operations in the area after the government has already withdrawn the permit to mine uranium to UCIL and the MSPCB has not yet given the permit to start. In this regard, there is a need to look into the increase in radiation in the villages around Domiasiat which can be done by the MSPCB and CPCB. The committee comprises Himalaya Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Rakkam A Sangma, Pious Marwein and Garland Star Swett. from the Forest Department, the Mineral Resources Department, the MSPCB, the CPCB, the Central Forest Department and the AMD office in Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (HYC), HANM, JSM, EJNC and CORP today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills District Council, Jowai.
In a statement, the union said that the march will start from Jaiaw Shyiap Dorbar Hall and end at Madan Student.
Almost all the roads in Shillong and especially the roads in Nongthymmai, Garikhana, Demseiniong area have deteriorated due to the endless snowfall which has disrupted the traffic of the people. The Traffic Department has been asked to fill the potholes themselves as shown in the media especially during this Christmas which is one of the great seasons for Christians around the world and also in this state.
At this special session, the EC will also introduce the rules of the Twon Committee so that the KHADC can implement the Construction Building Bylaws for the construction of houses under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. the jurisdiction of the District Council.
The agricultural products produced by the Khasi include jhur, cattle, pigs, rice and others.
All this is because the Government does not have responsibility for the rural areas, until the Seng Bhalang has started to protest.
The march was led by Samla Ruben Najer Assistant General Secretary of KSU KSU. Initially, the police were not allowed to enter the police station. talk to the police about the arrest of the two members of the party.
He said that on Saturday night, the driver of the truck had parked the truck at Moolamanoh Junction and he himself had left for his village in Musniang. The truck was hit by the spare driver and the driver, Batskhem.
said the government.
There are 339 cases in East Khasi Hills, 30 cases in Ri Bhoi, 19 cases in West Garo Hills, 11 cases in South Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The BSF troops today distributed medicines to the people on the border with Bangladesh at Mutakpur village in West Jaintia Hills District.
The distribution of aid to 1500 poor households has been handed over to the Union of Village Headmen of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH). not really of any help at this point.
Modi said social infrastructure such as housing, water and electricity have improved in the northeast.
Earlier, Dr. Ampareen urged the supporters of the Voice of the People Party to go home as this could cause unrest in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Dangar Balat Border Circle (HYC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden incident which happened on 15th June 2021 at Iew Balat, where there was a sudden fire at the factory of Bah L. Expense.
At that time, the Khasi language was spoken by only 2,90,982 lakh people and in 1981, the Khasi language was introduced as one of the subjects at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). and now the number of speakers of this language has reached 10, 91, 087 lakh.
Andy Joey Laloo scored the first goal between the 28th and 29th minutes. Lumshyiap and Umroh scored the first goals through u The Great Bank.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The annual meeting of the Chiefs of Air Staff of the Eastern Air Command was held in Shillong today. to this meeting.
Regarding the light, the government has provided solar and the government will pay 100%. If it is converted into food production, it will become a factory. the explanation is as follows.
Shillong, July 01: Due to the severe unemployment in Meghalaya, tens of thousands of youths in recent years have been forced to migrate to other states to improve their employment opportunities and the presence of work in the family.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The statue of Syiem Tirot Singh of Nongkhlaw Hima will be unveiled in Dhaka by the Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of other government ministers.
In this regard, the SNSBH believes that the KHADC has not taken action on this issue and they are not aware of the problems of the people from the illegal implementation of the MUDA Building Bye-Laws outside the country. the land of Shillong Municipal.
Shillong, Lber 03: To promote the development of skills in the North East, the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE), the highest group of central government companies, has held a ' National Meet on Right To Information (RTI) Act' in Shillong, Meghalaya.
It is important to monitor these cases to avoid community conflict and outbreaks of the disease.
When the three foreigners on the Waiting List of the Open Category were examined, it was found that one of them did not have the necessary documents to prove that he is a Meghalayan.
This road affects four MLA constituencies.
AIIMS, New Delhi conducts tele-consultation twice a month on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the MDA government, said the party will set up an election committee of the party to collect applications. Shillong and three candidates from Tura but the party has not yet decided on anyone as it is still calling for applications.
This flight will open the door for nature lovers, tourists and others.
Trees produce oxygen and protect the environment. He said that the struggle to protect the environment is beyond the protection of water sources.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairperson, Rekha said that the meeting was held in NE because the indigenous people especially women have a close relationship with the environment and in India and especially in this region they have up to 3000 species of plants that can be used in the wild.
Dr Kharsyiemlieh, who is also a retired judge of the District Council Court, said that the public hearing for the two constituencies of Mawkyrwat and Langrin will be held at the office. of the District Council in Mawkyrwat on 21st November, in Mairang on 24th November and in Shillong on 24th November. The meeting will be held on the 28th of November at Sohra Civil Subdivision (for Sohra and Shella) and on the 1st of November at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi. Shillong (for Mylliem, Labanprem, Nongthymmai, Jaiaw, Mawlai, Mawphlang, Diengiei and Nongspung-Sohiong) will be held on November November, and in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills (for Nongstoin, Rambrai-Jyrngam and Mawshynrut) will be held on 15th November.
The arrested are Sanjaya Singh, 28, of Uttar Pradesh, Davis D Sangma of Dudnoi and Starling. Marak and Ananta Marak.
The entry fee for this competition is T.1000/- for groups and Rs.300/- for solos.
He urged the Doctor Sla to keep two registers, one register of the names of the people they treat, and the other register of medicines. how many times you take medicine, how many months of treatment, and so on.
The Speaker of the House informed the House that the office has received a letter from James K Sangma on 30th July, and the letter says that they have lost confidence in the Speaker. the manner of its functioning, under Article 179 of the Constitution of India.
He said that even the Dorbar of Syiem Khyrim has not given any permission to the killing hydro project. The meeting decided to meet again at a joint meeting. action committee in the coming months.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The JJM Nicols Roy Committee led by Bah Ransom Sutnga has visited the Madan Kyndong under Mission Compound Shillong for the purpose of improving it after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma has donated T.10,00,000/- to the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
There was no objection or objection to the project regarding the NOC of the Rangbah Shnongs for the construction of the project and the works went smoothly to implement the work.
KHNAM Ri Bhoi is proud of the promptness of the KHNAM State youthwing without worrying about sleepless nights on this issue and is pleased to do for the sake of our beloved nation and as its foundation (KHNAM) was established.
The Chief Secretary's statement and promise without a clear written statement from the four parties cannot be accepted at all.
He also spoke about the rise of India's universities in the world.
The Act will also empower the Dorbar Shnongs to be witnesses in the distribution of land and this will prevent illegal expropriation. that father did not give land.
SSA teachers in Garo Hills have held the same protest in Tura today, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they have not been able to hold it in one place but have had to hold it in two places. They demanded that the government should release their salaries before Christmas.
Shillong, Nailar 16: For the first time, Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap celebrated the 71st Independence Day of India on 15th August 2017 at Mawngap College.
Patel knew that the development of political affairs in the country is not enough, and it is also necessary to promote India which has many customs, traditions, culture and others especially in moral.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The ANVC (B) in a statement today said that it has already sent to the government the names of its members along with their weapons and This was sent through the ADG Special Branch on the 25th of last month.
The curfew called by the HNLC has been affected today especially on the special day to elect the leaders of the 1-Shillong Constituency. to the Legislative Assembly, Parliament in Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has been distributed today at the State Level Workshop at Polo Towers. The Government of Meghalaya has received a commission of RSBY Card.
In Meghalaya, a curfew has been imposed with no vehicles moving and markets closed today.
The Minister also praised the initiatives of the state government to take forward the initiatives of the Social Justice and Empowerment Department of the central government for the benefit of the people with disabilities in the state.
While DD Free Dish has reached more than 43 million households at the beginning of 2022, various channels under PrasarBharati have reached more than 2 crore subscribers.
Police immediately rushed to the scene where they found the bodies tied with a rope and found cut marks on the bodies of the four persons who were believed to have committed suicide. Police have informed the Crime Scene Unit, the Mobile Forensic Crime Scene Unit and the Magistrate to conduct a thorough investigation with the participation of witnesses to collect evidence and complete the investigation. to the requirements of the law.
At present, the state is facing difficulties in generating electricity, at present the generation of electricity is only 350 mw while the availability is up to 650 mw. production and employment.
According to the investigation, this person is a frequent visitor to China.
This was stated by Bah BS Lyngdoh President of LYWA in a statement.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to find out the truth.
After the meeting, the delegation had the opportunity to meet with Shri Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister, Meghalaya to discuss how to bring Australia closer to Meghalaya and India in many areas.
The states recommended by the Fifteenth Finance Commission to receive Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant in 2022-23 are: Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Punjab, Rajasthan , Sikkim, Tripura, Uttarakhand and West Bengal.
Alithia said that as they did last year, they will not allow plastic bags to be brought inside the venue of the Orchid Lake Festival. of plastic.
He said that development works are ongoing which are creating employment opportunities for the youth in their communities.
Shillong, March 25: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. It is related to the existence of the South West Khasi Hills District.
The Minister said that the government has tried everything possible to improve the health facilities for the benefit of the people in the state and in Jiantia Hills. .
Regarding the improvement, the Association has requested the Minister to assist in ensuring that the MBOse will conduct the examination as soon as possible so that it will not cause problems to the teachers.
Khliehriat, Nailar 2: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has invited applications from NGOs to provide financial assistance in the provision of training under the schemes recognized by the Planning Department of the State Government.
It is sad to see in the newspapers that Jelbin Roy Dkhar and Ribaitmi Dkhar from the same family have been killed by the enemy on the way to the hospital for a check up. ba armetWe strongly condemn the bloodthirsty people who have killed the enemy especially Ribaitmi Dkhar who is still armet and she is still pregnant with her six month old child. The JYF (SP News) urged the law enforcement authorities not to grant bail.
Ms Wanmon started this business in 2006 and to start this business she has spent T.5000/- tyngka.
There are many issues to be discussed, many ideas to combine with many activities to plant, pet and build for the welfare of the community.
He recalled the events and situation in this village which has undergone various changes until this moment since these years.
Many of the villages are not building what the government has for their part.
To arrest the perpetrators, it is better to hand them over to the CBI for investigation.
In his speech, Bah Judah said, “I don't want to vote for the people and I don't want the people to vote for me to contest the election”.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to arrest him but he turned around and turned around and shot the police with the same knife. in the area without betraying the police statement.
The meeting was held between the Central Government and State Government officials to see how prepared they are to provide protection in the event of natural disasters especially. eh in this current year
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 13 people from East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-1 1.
Union Minister of State for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs), Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma attended the Rozgar Mela held at the Headquarters of the Assam Rifles in Laitkor, Shillong. .
The MHRC said it had seen a newspaper published in one of the newspapers in the state which wrote “Because Taro has been accused, her mother has been expelled from the Dorbar Shnong Lumlakhait”.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jalapher Unit has praised the Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet East Jaintia Hills District for his willingness to admit his mistake by deciding to cancel the NOC he had issued. for the construction of a coal mining factory.
“The participation of millions of people in recent years shows the impact of yoga on communities.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) has already lodged a complaint in this regard. investigation.
The theme of the competition was “Fruits with four parts of nature are healthy foods”.
This figure is based on the collection of Gram Sevaks from three Circles within the Ranikor Block.
Referring to the dismissal of doctors, the Minister said that the government is doing this according to the needs of the doctors and not without any grounds. However, the government has transferred them according to the need.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that it is true that a man named Derik Dkhar from Nongshiliang village has been arrested for robbing a house. Police have arrested him and registered a case against him.
All the alumni are urged to attend the meeting. The participation of the alumni will be of benefit. This meeting has not been convened in the last two years.
When asked about his preparations for the mid-term elections, Bah Danggo said, “We have done a lot of preparation for the Civil Sub-Division and today the demand has been fulfilled.
In her speech, the Minister said that the swearing-in ceremony today is in accordance with the Constitution of the country and the job they will do is to serve the country as protection.
This was discussed at the meeting regarding the fare.
MACC President Bah Banshai Marbaniang said, “Because we don't agree with the explanation of the DHS (MI), we have come to ask for an explanation from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in what manner it was used. money to buy medicines.
At the same time, the SPB has suggested that due to the shortage of staff, the government should provide staff in the rural areas to assist in the construction of the houses before they are built for the convenience of the people in the rural areas. village.
The KSU Delhi Unit immediately sought assistance from all over the country and in collaboration with Dr. Raghavendra IPS MLP Delhi and the assistance of SHO Seema Puri; Delhi Police, managed to release them and resolved the case till 4 pm.
These plates are made from powder made from plants known as starch. These plates expire within 90 days. The distribution of these plates by the NPP youths to the The purpose of the event was to explain how to eliminate the use of plastic bags to protect the city of Tura.
“The Seng once again appeals to the State Government to talk to the Government of India to release the Aadhaar card from the people who are entitled to receive assistance from the Government of India,” he said. Shillong, Nailar 01: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (HYC) Shillong, Nailar 01, 2013, has congratulated Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (HYC). .
To say that it is easy to relocate, but to look into it because some of the land belongs to the Hima Mylliem, some of the land does not belong to the government. The Government has paid T.2.087 crore to the Hima Mylliem for the land.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The continued efforts of the Seng to monitor the illegal entry and attempted infiltration of foreigners is not new, but it is one of the issues that the Seng has now raised with the decade.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that 126 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the past 24 hours in the state and East Khasi Hills. Hills has 106 members.
The union leader said that after receiving information that the 108 vehicle which used to be in the area has been taken away, the union stands firmly on the ground to demand. To get back the 108 vehicle in the area because it is the right of the people of the area to benefit when they are sick.
Furthermore, the Minister said that this has been done without forgetting the subjects related to the state, culture, the heritage of the jaidbynriew should not be destroyed.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah HS Shylla on Tuesday said that the supporters of Nongkrem want him to contest the MLA election 2018 from the People Democratic Front (PDF). He strongly criticized the UDP party for changing its appearance after joining hands with the HSPDP, recalling that he brought the NC into the House but the UDP party did not support it. nor did it withdraw its support to the PDF during the meeting of Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC), Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, on Tuesday urged all the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF, HANM, HYC, JSU, JYF to work together.
On the other hand, the Sordar Shnong said that the construction of the Community Hall has been possible thanks to the initiative of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency. The members of the Shnong Tanglei who have donated physically and mentally as much as they can to make this Community Hall as it is.
There are the youth of the country, the true political parties, the village authorities and even the Regional Parties who still have that spirit of responsibility for the country and the people. , to be the protectors and protectors of the country and the nation.
This is the first time that STEMS has received recognition from the Central Government and it was designed in 2021 by the Planning Department of the Government of Meghalaya and the operation of STEMS vehicles is now in schools have accepted.
The actions and proceedings of the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima were against the laws as stated in the Notification. c) and (d) those on behalf of the KHADC issued through the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headman Act
Pynursla, Nailar 25: Speaking as the chief guest at a public meeting to celebrate Rakshabhandan at Rynthylliang village in Pynursla, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal, said that forward to tell the truth this is a modern day problem.
Speaking to the MLAs at the Annex Hall in Ribong, she said that this is the first presidential election where the election has been contested on the basis of political thinking. go away.
JSU leaders after receiving information about the violence by police against jhur vendors in Iawmusiang, Jowai by robbing jhur and soh and loading them in police vehicles The police have put and broken the jhur.
Besides, the lack of footpaths due to the small size of the roads is still a source of concern for many churches especially the elderly and children who have to walk every day.
In his speech, Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Rural Development and MLA of this area, said that this is the long-standing wish of the people which has been achieved now. He urged the people to cooperate with the government in this regard.
This was followed by the inaugural function where Prof. (Dr.) PK Goswami delivered the welcome speech.
In a letter sent by the Commissioner of Transport to the employer, Deipormi Dkhar dated 16th July 2024, he said that according to the decision of the High Court, Meghalaya dated 8th November According to WP (C) No.299, the Government has withdrawn the appeal.
NPP Leader Aldo A Sangma has said that Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that it will take time to get permission from the central government will be easy because in Delhi. It is the Congress government in the state and the Congress party is in power.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Bah D Wanlang MDC of Sohra, while speaking on the budget in the KHADC for the year 2018-2019, has demanded that it is time to increase the salary. To confirm his demand, he said that with the implementation of the new salary in KHADC, he said that the salary of UD has been higher than the salary of MDC. The EC should think carefully about this to increase the salaries of the members of the House.
With the introduction of this airline to operate its aircraft in the North East, India will continue to promote this region to the world that has seen the beauty of this region, whether it is customary or not. customs, the nature is the same.
In this regard, the union would like to thank the head of the hospital for his concern for the needs of the people and the union hopes that soon the hospital will receive this blood. Storage.
At the same time, the Cabinet approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Judicial Service Rules, 2006 and the Meghalaya Higher Judicial Services Rules,
He said the NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country has announced a donation for the COVID-19 pandemic. of farmers.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns against anyone who comes to trade or work without the knowledge of the Shnong until the State Government announces and informs otherwise.
Kerala Blasters' Lins P Poulose scored the first goal in the first three minutes of the final. Samuel Kynshi's free kick from near the corner and Lins tried to save but it went into his own goal.
On the other hand, HANM West Khasi Hills under the leadership of President Bah Wills Sohshang has visited the road and found that it is easy to work on the road. Only 5 workers were found building a guard wall and one JCB and one dumper.
It is a month to celebrate all women who have done something for themselves and be an example for others to follow.
The tournament was attended by the country's boxing stars, including South Asian Games gold medalist Sachin from Services who fought against Vishal Kumar from Punjab in the 2013 World Cup. 54-57kg featherweight and won by the most points.
In 2020, 27% of the population aged 15 and over smoked while more than 120 million adults smoked.
Many people behind the vehicle took the man to Pomlum CHC where doctors gave him treatment, but the doctors advised him to go for treatment. well inside the Hospital.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri PS are Lumdiengjri, Lamavilla, Qualapatty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat including the Cantonment Beat House Areas except the areas outside Umsherpi Bridge.
The Shillong Accord 1975 signed between the NNC and the Government of India here in Shillong on 11th November 1975 is a good example for the Mukul Sangma government to read.
If you lose your culture, you lose your nation.
There are 29 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 24: U Chandra Mohan Jha, Chancellor of CMJ University, Shillong, today was arrested from Bihar.
The Meghalaya Government has decided to declare Myrkhan and Mawbynna at Rynghep in Nongskeh under Mylliem Block in East Khasi Hills District as heritage sites.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: The water pipe of the GSWSS has collapsed again in the evening at Laitjem village and this will affect the supply of drinking water to Shillong. Shillong: The city of Shillong relies on the water supply from the Mawphlang Dam.
Shillong, Nailur 06: New Mawthmu, known as Pillars, have been installed in parts of Meghalaya and Bangladesh. Bangladesh.
The match was very interesting as both the teams worked hard to score the goal, but due to the skill of all the players from both the teams until it was not possible to score even. After the second half, Dong Shliam became the winner by beating Dong Pdeng Shnong 5-4
Rumnong said the monthly salary of all the employees of the MTC is T.70 lakh.
During the meeting with the Minister on Tuesday, the union also demanded that the Ministry of Agriculture and the State Government should provide more good seeds which can produce more varieties of crops and which are well prepared, such as muli, cucumber, cucumber, rice, wheat, sohsaw, soh mynken, sying, and others.
The swearing-in ceremony was witnessed by the MDA government in the presence of AL Hek, BJP, Reniton Tongkhar, HSPDP, Lakmen Rymbiu, UDP, Sniawbhalang Dkhar and Hundreds of family members of Bah Pius Marwein have attended the memorial service for one of the family members of Bah Pius Marwein. sem was not sworn in as an MLA of the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: Today, 28th June 2024, the Seng Khasi Kmie, 2024, has gathered together to clean up the hill of the Seng Khasi Kmie. they don't have Jaiaw.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Twenty-seven cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, according to Dr Aman War. 2, the total number of cases in the state is
Dr. Mukul Sangma was responding to a question whether he has anything to say about the BJP leaders' belief that without the BJP, a government cannot be formed after this year's elections.
Paul Lyngdoh said that some of the issues mentioned in the Governor's speech were on the works that the government has done and what the government will have to do in the current fiscal year.
“The residents of Psiar have expressed their dissatisfaction with the payment of money but we will try to find other ways to pay him especially in the process and purpose of the Waheh Shnong of Psiar,” said the Waheh Shnong of Psiar.
The meeting will also discuss how to take measures for the development of agriculture in India and to make recommendations to the Government of India.
Dr Mukul has been elected as an MLA from Ampati Constituency since 1993 and until now, but in the last MLA election he contested from two constituencies and won from both, but Dr Mukul Sangma has chosen to hold Songsak and leave Ampati.
Therefore, the union urges the government through this committee to take action to show the work and that is to take a decision to remove the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong without delay. the peace in the market and in the city of Shillong as a whole.
“At present, the section of NH 44 from Soomer to Malidor has become an ownerless road.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should not have any doubt regarding their salary, as they received their LoA and salary on Thursday. employee has been created.
He spoke about the implementation of e-Sanjeevini, and explained that 10 crore e-consultations have been conducted through this scheme.
The meeting will be held in the presence of Inderjit Singh Rana, IG of BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, Jaintia Hills. in East Jaintia Hills District.
It brings the rule of law in the country and also defines the powers of the Central and State Governments, strengthens democracy and also empowers all the people of the country.
The Cabinet also approved the amendments to the recruitment rules within the Housing Department of the State Government.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, July 27: The Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Department of Telecom (DoT) to expand the Broadband through Wi-Fi networks under the Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) on 9 November
The measures taken by the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun are in the right direction as it has fulfilled its responsibility to protect and provide peace not only to the village but to the entire nation. .
Theft is mainly from the market places and these thieves often target people from the rural areas.
In July 2016, the union sent a letter to the central government and also to the state government to improve the road from Nongstoin to Nongjri which passes through Maweit and Kulang area which is about 73 km long. , in a letter sent to the Central Government, said that this road should be improved as it is very important for the people of this area.
The house was destroyed in the earthquake in Mawiong Umjapung on the 21st of this month in the morning.
During the inspection, the Syiem and Ministers found a Mawbynna with a large main standing about 100 feet in front of the Tirot Crematorium at Umthlu-khyrdop in Nongkhla. The villagers told the chiefs of the Hima that this stone was erected by Tirot Singh on the road before he went to Sohmylleng Hill to negotiate peace with the French under the leadership of Captain English. He was shot, but instead of the French talking peace as they had sent word, they arrested him and took him back to Dhaka to be imprisoned there.
The opening of the door to all those involved, who may be non-parents, or teachers or students who wish to participate in the transformation of the education system in India, they will give advice on aspects related to the education industry, it is very important today.
“What is surprising to see from this report is that there are only 3,000 drug users while the expenditure for these 3,000 drug users is shocking to know because it reaches Rs 9,28,90,556 crore,” he said.
On 25-8-2021, police of Mawlasnai were attacked by police of Ulukunchi, Assam.
He said it is pleasing that the state government will hold a special session tomorrow morning to accept the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
The President of India, Smt Droupadi Murmu addressing to the Nation on the eve of the 75th Republic Day celebrations via video conferencing on January 25, 2024.
When the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has taken the tax from the market vendors, it is the duty of the Hima to provide protection to the market vendors.
This is the wish of the Prime Minister of India and he will look after this matter and the report on the implementation of this scheme shall be submitted every three months to the Prime Minister. In India.
“On behalf of the AJYWO, we would also like to express our deep gratitude to the Nongmihkhmat of Khliehriat area who has worked hard body and soul in fulfilling this promise to the people. “We have relocated this very important government office from Khliehriat to Wapung area as requested by the people of the area,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: A public meeting of teachers under the banner of MUPSTA will be held on the 13th of this month at Ri Khasi Free U.P School, New Nongstoin at 11 AM. The meeting will renew the office bearers of MUPSTA.
On the other hand, Conrad took the time to attend the event despite his busy schedule.
Shillong, June 23: BSF troops have arrested Nalini Marak, one of the smugglers of counterfeit money from Bangladesh to India.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong on Tuesday inaugurated the Auditorium of Khatsawphra College in Mairang in the presence of the elders of the area. the College.
When asked about the incentive received by ASHAs, he replied that Meghalaya has become one of the strongest states in this regard and it is also a good place to provide assistance to ASHAs. But in the wilderness they were not satisfied, and when they had received something, they were still waiting.
It is to be recalled that the Dorbar has approached the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) and the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) which have issued orders and directives to the Union Ministry for Tribal Affairs, Union Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India and complete the implementation of these agreements as mentioned in the IOA & AA. The Government of India, especially the courts and tribunals, often explain, judge and when giving decisions, based on the laws that have been enacted and enforced according to the land tenure system in Ri Thor where the Government of India is the three lands.
He said that this action of the union is not to blame anyone, this collection of water is only from 51 villages in Shillong to collect water as an example.
: the mutka is a snapshot of the work of the hands.
Shillong, March 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is the duty of the government to protect the lives of the people. the people of the village.
The money was opened in the presence of Income Tax officials and banks.
Key areas discussed at the meeting included the need to enhance cooperation between States / UTs; support for introduction of CAPFs provided for all States / UTs; support for the movement of CAPF personnel in border States / UTs; identification and monitoring of risk areas that may affect the electoral process; steps to check inter-communal tensions as seen in the past, and monitoring to curb illegal activities from the border areas.
Amanda Lyngdoh Nonglait on Friday lodged a complaint with the Mawlai Police Station in Mawlai Nongmali, Shillong. Station on the sudden death of my sister, Steffanie Lyngdoh Nonglait, 30 years old.
Pala together with members of the Seng have met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills to submit a petition to him to relocate the garbage dump of the Town Committee of East Jaintia Hills. It is located 10 kilometers from the DC's office and is also located near the by pass road leading to Ladrymbai, Rymbai, Dienshynrum and Khliehriat.
He said that the program will continue according to the programs until the training of all the traditional healers in Meghalaya has been completed.
Shillong, July 13: The MLA election 2018 will be the highest number of political parties to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly. state.
During this visit, Bah Shylla met with the elders of the area and discussed the problems faced by the people.
They will assist the state in improving education and doing any work in all development activities.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy was born on 12th July 1884 and passed away on 1st November
The KSU also requests the MLA and MDCs to take action in this regard for the benefit of the residents of Sumer before anything happens to the bridge. budlum of the bitter Sumer area.
They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 14: To improve the quality of education, the MDC of Nongthymmai, Bah Latiplang, has donated computers to 12 schools. you constituency.
From this state, many youngsters have emerged who have tried their best to attract the attention of the people through their ability to showcase their talent whether it is in song or dance. the put, the music, the fighting, and so on.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K. Sangma congratulated the hard workers who have been able to build this new building.
Also present on the occasion were the Asst Education Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, Samla Shalkitbok Kharbani, Rangbah Shnongs of various villages under Jaïaw Pyllun and parents of selected children and youths. to receive the award.
He expressed his surprise and regret that the Kur Mawrie has not taken part in the longsan mansan dorbar in the Hima Dorbar and promised to empower any Rangbah Kur Mawrie to carry the burden of the Kur Mawrie. the kingdom is like one of the longsan.
He urged the people to take advantage of the programs and schemes of the Government.
The BJYM also requests the government not to arrest those involved because the law does not allow anyone to shoot or kill anyone. the law is not by bloodshed.
Following his arrest, the CIB informed the Speaker that he would be further investigated under the provisions of the law.
Applications for the program will start on 13 November 2023 through the WEP website. Shillong, November 25: The Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma today He said the Government is working in the spirit of service delivery.
According to the wishes of the people of Nongkynshew Pisa.
Prime Minister Duh will attend and deliver a speech at the North Eastern Council (NEC) meeting.
AM Therefore, the Samla Seng invites all the villagers and residents.
The Government of Meghalaya has been able to send strong documents to Assam to clear the land acquired by the Government of Meghalaya.
Absence of any law controlling the entry of foreigners into the state, we are afraid that the statutory exemption will fail and we may face future problems from the illegal entry of foreigners into the the state.
He said the number of MBBS seats in the country has increased to about 1 lakh in the last nine years, while the number of PG seats has also increased by about 110%.
He said the robbers threw a petrol bomb from across the road and hit the top floor of the house.
The two parties have decided to nominate only one MDC candidate. At this meeting, they discussed how to work hard to achieve victory in the upcoming MDC elections.
The meeting was welcomed by the President of the PDF State Executive Committee, Ivanlumlang Marbaniang in the presence of James Ban Basaiawmoit and other office bearers of the party.
“It was when the crowd entered the Dorbar Hall that we could not control the incident,” said the Sordar.
She asked whether the written language has been around for 50 years, the written language in Khasi is 176 years old.
China has two cities, Beijing and Shanghai.
In a statement, Bah Thomas Passah said that the decision of the Supreme Court, the MLA who has been convicted by the court should be removed from the post of MLA immediately. investigation and the decision in order to immediately disqualify this violator.
The government company has also received a mining lease of only 20 years.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20: A total of 5,05,309 villages in India have received drinking water under the National Rural Drinking Water Programme.
There are four candidates for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Vincent H Pala, incumbent MP, OL Nongtdu and former Speaker Charles Pyngrope. the state and Mr. John Kharshiing.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Meghalaya is preparing to hold various festivals starting from 12th March with the aim of promoting tourism and attracting tourists to the state.
Modi also pointed to India's commitment to sustainability and said that India, we have taken forward together economic and environmental development.
Shillong, July 23: U Kodios Thongni, who has joined the HSPDP in the past few months to contest the MDC election from Jirang Constituency, today announced that he will contest the MDC election from Jirang Constituency. He has left the party after the party announced today that it will give the ticket from Jirang MDC constituency to Kong Nosi Lyngdoh.
The leaders of the circle also said that these students especially the women are a bad example for the indigenous people...because they smoke cigarettes in their mouths without respecting the leaders.
Shillong, July 29: Despite the protest of the MTC employees to demand the appointment of A Nikhla as the Managing Director of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC), the government has not listened to their demand.
However, Bah Bull did not give up, the protest continued.
Kenny Nongrum General Secretary of RBYWO said that they have received a complaint from the food distributors from Ri Bhoi. This is unacceptable and they urge the people of the District to give first to the people of the District.
Many PRIME Hubs have already been set up across the state where entrepreneurs receive support for the implementation of their projects.
Your victory has encouraged and empowered the generations of India," Modi said.
New Delhi, July 17: Prime Minister Narendra Modiun addressed the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra on July 18, 2024 at 12:30 pm through video conferencing.
“The Chief Minister said in the House that the soskular in 2007 between the government and NTPC has complied with the rules that the state government will have to take electricity from the Bongaigoan Thermal project of NTPC for 25 years. .
Senior Women Best Batter – Purnimaya Gurung (Sikkim), Senior Women Best Bowler – Lalrinmawii (Mizoram),Senior Women Best Wicketkeeper – Vanlalremtluangi (Mizoram), Senior Men Best Batter – Kishan Lyngdoh (Meghalaya).
During the meeting, the members of the GNLA expressed their dissatisfaction with the authority of the C-In-C of the GNLA Sohan D Shira who used them as They alleged that the money they demanded from the people was sent to him after they had bought their food and drink.
Shillong, Lber 14: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) in a statement has expressed its disapproval of the unfounded ownership of the Mukroh by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
m and from 2:00 p.
Prof. RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
The meeting concluded with a decision to meet again soon to discuss these issues.
Shillong, July 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Pynursla has given 10 days to the Block Development Officer of Pynursla to pay the compensation to the victims of the cyclone since , said the President of the HYC.
At this personal interview, the selected candidates should bring their admit card and all the original documents according to the requirements as mentioned at the time of application. This was announced by the Inspector General of Police (TAP) who is also the Chairman, CRB, Shillong.
Since then, such programs have been organized from time to time to release portions of the payments to needy farmers.
We want the protection of the nation first and then the development.
He said that Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala is not only a Christian of the Catholic Church, but a Christian of India and the world.
She is one of the founding leaders of the Indian Association of Palliative Care, and is an expert in the Palliative Care Society in India.
Minister Duh also spoke about many decisions to open the Parliament Library for the use of the public.
During these years as an MLA, he served as a Cabinet Minister in the state government and was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in
Speaking at the briefing, the Director said that this scheme is the wish of the Central Government and the purpose of this is to curb the smuggling of beverages and food items. The food will reach those who are entitled to it under the Food Security Act.
He also reminded all the officers that when they take any decision at any time they should take the right decision because the goal of the government is to bring about change in the lives of which is daily for the people.
It is learned that the Assam police are not only allowed to buy medicines, in fact they should have talked to the Assam police not to harass the people on the border. that if you come to Sabuda.
In the complaint to the police, it was said that four water pumps have already been installed in the area where there is a water pump for Sabah-Musawang village, on the George lodged a complaint with the police.
Speaking on the occasion, Rangbah Burom Surong expressed his shock over the arrest of three residents of Sabuda Village by the Assam Police on the charge of burning down the bridge. don't have Umler.
The JSM demands that the law enforcement authorities should prosecute the MPDA against some of the bloodthirsty people involved in the murder of this man. They were killed and thrown into the country.
The Titan Eye Plus frames and lenses are well designed and comfortable for users.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 02: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has criticized the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District for not implementing the Work Permit System. To register foreign workers is a misleading and stupid statement by forgetting and not looking carefully before criticizing anything on this”.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: It is a sad and insulting thing for the residents of Wahkaji area because the PHC at present has only one MBBS Doctor and does not have an ambulance or ambulance to transport patients. At this time of increasing number of cases of COVID 19 in the District.
The second stove will cost T.999/- and the first stove will cost T.591/- tyngka.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Social Welfare, said that the name of Kong Iamonlang Syiem has been nominated. The 65-year-old has been approved by the Cabinet.
Poshan 2.0 aims to improve the quality and delivery of food under the Supplementary Nutrition Programme.
The Minister said that this is necessary because the Government is concerned about the quality of education as a whole.
The club has not participated in any tournament since being forcibly defeated by the referee in the final. TJSSC deserves to win and should beat Mawlai 3-1 On the other hand, the Club expresses its gratitude to one MLA who has supported from time to time that he has decided to retire from this election, Ma N Lyngdoh and The club wishes him all the best and wishes him a healthy body in the coming days.
Regarding the situation in the area, the Minister said that the police force has been strengthened to ensure that there will be no violation of the law and the district police have also conduct regular patrols in the border areas.
These three contestants will represent India in the competition in which 40 countries from around the world will take part, said Miss and Mrs National Tourism National Director Nurpur Saigal. India 2015.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong I Majaw, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, praised the group for its efforts to spread and encourage the youth to write poetry. powerful forces that can bring about a change in the world's thinking.
Before starting the strike, they held a short meeting at the Congress office where three party leaders, Zenith M Sangma, delivered speeches. MLA, in which he announced that the Congress party will not allow the work permit to be issued in Meghalaya.
After listening to the speeches from all the political parties who attended the meeting, the Prime Minister said that even the United States and foreign countries now want to introduce a strong Iwaiwai Act to it is because of the influx of people to these countries.
The arrest of the youth was rude and they suddenly entered his house at midnight and arrested him.
The 150-year-old footbridge, which has been built by the British, has now started to collapse and the army has been training the people in the area to understand the danger and to protect themselves. should be avoided to avoid injuries.
“All these schemes have been done for the benefit of the people but the benefits of these programs and schemes cannot be brought about if the people do not have knowledge about the programmes.
Police have registered a complaint at Sardar Police Station for investigation under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Explosive Substances Act.
As leaders responsible for the Hima or Elaka according to the surrounding boundaries, they have the authority to order their subjects to comply with the decision to pay taxes to the office of the Syiem or Daloi for the needs of the Hima or Elaka.
The National Youth Leadership Camp started today and will end on the 31st of this month.
Shillong, Lber 02: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle has expressed its satisfaction with the return of the ruling party in which the ethnic parties have been able to form a new EC within the KHADC. soul that people love Ri.
So far, 6434 people are under Home Quarantine and 308 people are under Institutional Quarantine.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the leaders of the Koch Association to encourage and teach the future generations to preserve and restore the buildings and structures of the old men.
With this increase in the tax on petrol and diesel, the state will lose T.100 crore in the next three months until the Budget Session.
The Green Tech Foundation won the Best Green Influencer award, Warimeki Lyngwa won the Emerging Influencer of the Year award and the Best Food Influencer award went to Warimeki Lyngwa. There is no information about the food or the way of cooking that was brought by the Triyan Babylon.
(Paragraph 4(ii)(A)(a) on page 61 of the Financial Accounts Vol.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Pharmacies in Meghalaya have closed down all their shops to protest against the central government's decision to sell medicines online to the public.
The workers and stone transporters did not need to go looking for those Khar Mahajons (East Pakistan) because these Khar Mahajons brought the money to the stone transporters in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The ILP is a tool provided by law, which the authorities can use to protect the citizens and citizens of the country, by preventing the illegal entry of foreign authorities and those who can overpay the people. to destroy our right of ownership over the lands and over the trade and inheritance of the products produced in the state.
As it is, this disease requires good treatment and if treatment is not found, it can lead to blindness.
The meeting was conducted by Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
Other speakers on the occasion were KSU Upper Shillong Circle President Samla Shngaiñ Sohkhlet, Samla Pass Kharngi and Sordar Shnong Laitartet.
Shillong, Naitung 28: In the history of Meghalaya since independence, only Dr Donkupar Roy has held the three top posts in Meghalaya. know the world.
On 22-04-17, the Seng under the leadership of Samla Reallystar Nongspung, President KSU Mawryngkneng Circle, Raymond Kharjana Environment and Cultural Secretary KSU Shillong Eastern Circle and in the presence of Samla Vincvent Makri EM, Incharge of KSU Central Unit The union has visited the company to inspect and check the work permit and found that the company has employed illegal workers and violated the Meghalaya Inter State Workmen Act. (Amendment) Rules 2011.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on his visit to Delhi on behalf of the Government, met with Defense Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the issues related to the country's economy. meeting in Shillong.
On this occasion, the new office bearers of MEPA were elected. The office bearers are President RM Shabong, Vice President DL Siangshai, General Secretary George B Lyngdoh, Jt.
The school has done well in the examinations in the past years and now it has become more and more prominent as the years go by. Group Captain Amit Mahajan, Defense PRO, Shillong, said:
Is there still a national party if the Assamese language has been accepted in the state? This is the knowledge of those leaders at that time. The APHLC at that time had a purpose and how the UDP came and was. so far as the leaders have spoken.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Dr PBM Basaiawmoit, President of the Kur Seng, today announced that the Kur of Mei-Sin and her children will hold a discussion on the topic “Tang Jaid” on 01/09/2 bad Title Type".
The Umtrew River Protection Committee (URPC) has decided to soon close down the Meghalaya Agrovet Private Ltd (MAPLtd) poultry farming company in the village. Mawthei is located in Ri Bhoi District.
For about a year now, the department has not been able to provide electricity to these areas and for more than two months now, even for 10 days, it has not been supplied.
All those who have written the examination are invited to attend.
“It is up to the Block, whom they propose and whom they approve as candidates for the MDC election. Any member of the party has the right to apply for a ticket.
HITO requests the Umsning Central Election Committee Umsning Town Durbar to immediately suspend the election of Rangbah Shnong , to suspend the call for nominations and hold the election of Rangbah Shnongs for the 6 villages under the jurisdiction of on May 29th,2021.
The party also strongly condemns any government officials or private individuals who come to mislead the people of those areas by saying, “The time is still enough for you to change your mind. Before the Jaitbynriew will forgive them for their deeds or before the time is too late for them to accept your change of heart. “They are strong and will continue to be strong, the position against uranium is still strong and as members of the party we are ready to fight in any form,” said Forwardman Nongrem. President KSU South West Khasi Hills District in a statement today.
The arrested are Tengsan A Sangma, Rikkim Marak, Amseng B Sangma and Sengman B Sangma.
The MCIC, which is the committee in charge of the census, held a meeting on 29th November 2013, as it has kept a record according to the proper documents sent to the government. provided financial assistance and support to the beneficiaries on various needs.
Two persons accused of being menshohnoh have been bombed by a mob in Mawthlong village, East Khasi Hills District on Saturday.
Not only that, they also conducted a fishing exercise because the wells have been filled with water and this is to show that the government should do something to improve this road which is in need in Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Marak said that there have been times when the names of the eligible families have disappeared from the list of beneficiaries because there have been some employees of political parties who have been on the list. This has led to the exclusion of households eligible for schemes under the Gram Panchayat level.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the new school building of Mohan Massar UP School in Mawprem which was funded by the Round Table India Trust.
At the same time, the FKJGP urges the State Government to immediately implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), 2016 by implementing entry-exit points at the border. in accordance with the Principal Act of the MRSSA 2016 and also to direct the District Task Forces to commence their work in relation to the curbing the entry and exit of mynder in all districts of the state.
The SP said the police have appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to assist the Investigating Officer (IO) for further investigation into the murder of these four persons. The bodies of these four persons were found behind Umpleng Market in East Jaintia Hills District.
Political leaders have been making statements against the residents of Punjabi Colony without stopping, without saying a word or visiting the scene of the blast to express their condolences. or providing support to families," he said.
This is the second time that the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police have seized drugs in the district and the first time since the district was independent.
Hundreds of residents of Iooksi Pyllun including Iapkhla, Kyanmynsar, Tongkiad, Priang and Umdeinlin villages along with neighboring villages such as Umsalait took part in the repair work. They are responsible for the maintenance of this road.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police have received information that a man who was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital has died of his injuries. .
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to all those who are at the forefront of the fight against COVID-19 including various State Governments, health workers, paramedical workers, soldiers, those in charge of the aviation sector, municipal employees and others.
S.Ryngkhlem, Vice President KSU-Khliehriat Circle in the presence of the leaders of KSU Jaintia Hills District including Samla Streamly S Niangti Finance Secretary and Samla Cherity D Suja Asst General Secretary KSU JHDU. The Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills said that this has been done in such a way that there is no need to hold a Public Hearing.
“The party is pleased to have a 40% +40% share which is 80% for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo communities so that it can bring about a united struggle among the Scheduled Tribes of the state ( Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, and that it will also eliminate the discrimination against any ethnic group,” said Bah Pangniang.
Shillong, June 04: U Bah Lambokstar Marngar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that the KSU has already sent its advice to the MLAs and the government on the issue of The discussion for the implementation of the Roster System should not start from 1972 but should start from the date of approval of the Roster System.
Samlin Malangniang, Minister of State in the MDA coalition government, said that the party's mission is to protect the people as they have said from time to time. to receive para 12(b) shall further benefit the nation.
The Labor Party won by 20 points over the Conservatives.
On the other hand, the JSU sends its best wishes to all the people of Behdeinkhlam. Through this celebration, we will receive many blessings from the TreKirot Kynrad in the field of health and work. the impact, the education and the well-being of the society as a whole.
It is learned that the owners of the house are living inside the house while the house is located on the highest floor.
Speaking to reporters, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the protest has two objectives, one is to express its gratitude to all the leaders who have fought for the achievement of the in the state of Meghalaya.
The self-confidence to achieve the goals of the people, the need to reject the status and application of the skills of all workers, the need for Jan Bhagidari.
“The owners of the house didn't suspect anyone.
Shillong, Naitung 26: A total of 106 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 3 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi and 8 in Ri Bhoi. garo Hills 6, South West Garo Hills 10, West Garo Hills 50, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 3.
The ceremony started on the night of the 22nd of this month.
This is the first report submitted by the SGPIMC to the Chief Minister. The report was prepared after the committee visited the state and gave advice to the government on how to proceed. drive forward development activities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The President of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Electricity, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar. to urge him to appoint all the 772 students who have passed their examinations.
The claim of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that this scheme belongs to the Congress party is completely wrong and misleading to the people. The UPA government was formed by the NDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
At the same time, the Speaker of the House expressed his regret to see that many Himas are fighting each other among the children of the Hima and these incidents have brought despair.
“Where will this woman get help to pay for medicines, vehicle and treatment for this illness? “If the police don't take care of the problems of the people, there is no reason for them to be there,” said the General Secretary of KSU Narpuh Circle.
The UDP especially in Mawlai constituency is now in power because the leader of this constituency, Bah Embhah Syiem, is from the UDP. Gerbasis (SP News) said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
On the first day, 54 women and 96 men and on the second day, 134 male dancers and 134 women dancers participated. There were 131 male dancers and 284 female dancers.
