These two files contain information regarding the allegation of misuse of funds from the Border Area for the improvement of Syndai Park in West Jaintia. Hills.
The report shows that in 2018, 36% of India's population, including 44% of people from rural areas, did not have access to safe drinking water sources in their communities.
He said the party will soon take up the matter with the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma, who is also the Chairman of the MDA.
He urged the youth to trust themselves, if they have confidence, believe in themselves, love themselves and remember first to love themselves and do something with courage and think only of the good. you will reach the goal that you or the young man wants to reach.
The dictionary explains that mar-ioh-ei is something that is not paid for.
In the first phase, KHADC has received T.15 crore, GHADC T.13.60 crore and JHADC T.5.10 crore.
The program was launched in mission mode to screen, take preventive measures and control sickle cell anemia in all tribal communities and in other states/UTs of the country. get this disease.
Speaking at a public meeting at the Parking Lot near the Additional Secretariat, VPP President Ardent said the demand of the VPP is to amend the Reservation Policy.
It is to be recalled that the UKPO was formed on 16/06/2022 to request the KAAC to appoint an MDC from the Khasi community in the Council and to explain the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. live in the Caribbean.
Shillong, July 20: The Office of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima on Tuesday confirmed Bah Teiborlang Wankhar as the Sordar of Massar Village, East Khasi Hills. the Kingdom of Khyrim, the King of Balajied.
Policemen were also injured in the incident but no information has been received at the time of writing.
Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, before being elected as a member of the Lokpal Bench of India, said that as the Chairman of the 22nd Law Commission of India and before that he was a judge. Chief Justice of the Karnataka High Court.
He said that it is surprising that the Government of India has not shown the same urgency as Kashmir to fight for the rights of the IOA & AA treaties of 17 Aug 1948 and the Federation of Khasi States. which is the Union of 25 Khasi States, which has been in existence for 70 years, the same work has stopped in relation to the NAGA people in the East.
The family members alleged that the robbery was committed by Shiningstar Pala and Pynchemi Phawa, 26, of Wahiajer village, who were driving a tourist taxi (ML04 C
Under Modiji's leadership, India is on the path to becoming Vishwaguru and the presidency of the G20 is a reflection of this.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle will continue to monitor the implementation of the Upper Shillong Circle. Shillong Water Supplying Scheme, and if this Scheme does not reach anywhere and if it becomes a Mawjynthud for the Existing Schemes, the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures for the The welfare of the residents of Upper Shillong as a whole.
When we see these incidents, we are pleased to say that this is the most important issue for all of us and the government should take immediate action.
The BJP also demanded that the government should look into the costs and losses incurred on the day of the FKJGP rally and that no one should be allowed to cover their faces during the rally.
“It is not me who has no ticket, but it is the UDP leaders who have proposed my name,” said Dr Nonglait.
Shillong, June 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by Iashan Mukhin and other members of the union today visited MeECL with the intention of meeting with the CMD to express their views on the issue. The union's opposition to the Corporation's proposal.
On the card carried by the teachers, they said, “What is this they have done, NIOS can no longer be trusted in Meghalaya”. play and the future of teachers.
To this day, this Queen of Mawryngkhang is still behind her.
It was from that time that Mawryngkhang was considered as the King of the Mawbah Mawsan.
The meeting was conducted by Chandradevi Bhatarcharjee and was attended by CEO of Shillong Municipal BS Sohlya, former Chairman SK Dhar, Chairman Prasanjit Dey, Chairman Jail Road Welfare Committee. They expressed their gratitude to the MLA for fulfilling this long standing dream.
Nine-year-old Poonam said she is still happy to celebrate Holi.
Regarding the salary of Aganwadi workers and assistants, the central and state governments have increased the salary of Aganwadi workers to T.7500 per month and assistants to T.5000 per month.
SP of East Jaintia Hills Vivekanand Singh has been transferred and appointed as SP of CID. Deepak Kumar Palecha, Deputy Commandant of 4MLP Battalion has been transferred and appointed as SP of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
At the end of the meeting between the AMD officials and the KHADC authorities, Dr Rahul Banerjee, Deputy Regional Director, said that according to the AMD Act of 1962, to inspect the availability of resources. land throughout India requires only the permission of the Head of Village.
Regarding the resignation of the former Chairman, Bah LG Nongsiej, he should clarify because this action of his has increased the value of the KHADC Assembly as the Chairman is the founder of the Assembly.
Police have recovered 25.23 grams of suspected heroin from the pla. Police have arrested the suspects and are continuing their search for those involved in the case. Arneston Dkhar, 35, and Rami Juddin, 30, were arrested from a local taxi in Mawkynroh and 18 grams of suspected heroin were seized from them. herion.
The Central Government has already released the funds for the work and the work will be carried out by the Central Government Company EPI Engineering India Limited. Central Government companies have also applied but the EPI company has applied the most.
Smit area is the strongest producer of phan sohlah tlang, although many areas in the Khasi Hills produce phan but most of the areas produce phan during the rainy season. It is known as phan baden and is mostly found in the Mawngap area to the east.
The Quit India Movement will be held in Shillong on Mahatma Gandhi Road near the Meghalaya Main Secretariat.
Members from various units of the Circle have elected Loven Syiem as President, Vice President Prilis Maring as General Secretary and Lan Syngkli as Assistant General Secretary. Banshan Namsaw, asst finance secretary, Bah Return Rympei, sports secretary, Bah Mathew Syngkli, asst sports secy, Bah Pyntngen Wahlang, education secretary, Bah Anthony Maring, asst edu.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the school can take advantage of the opportunities that the government has to provide for the education of the children.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and found that the body of Brandan was on the ground and there were also marks on his neck. investigation.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has sent a report to the state government regarding the damage.
Japan will continue to work closely with the region for economic development and this will further strengthen relations between India and Japan especially in the North East. Satoshi, Japanese Ambassador to India, said.
Shillong, June 24: Chiarmon Dkhar, from Wapungskur village, East Jaintia Hills District, who used to do charity work for the poor families, has continued her charity work. Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills, by distributing 17kg of rice to 110 poor families who have been severely affected by the curfew in India. COVID-19.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the training center is now standing. Because of the vision of those officers who have gone before, this training should not be in this state.
Most of the awards for bravery, 80 policemen from areas affected by Left Wing attacks and 45 policemen from Jammu & Kashmir received awards for their bravery.
In 2021, the authorities killed Phershanroy Myrthong at Golf Links and bombed dead Elias L Nonglait at Them Bijoy.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has scheduled an Inter-State Border Meeting on June 3, 2024 with Assam.
Others who have been removed from their posts include Bah Friday Lyngdoh from the post of Political Adviser to the Chief Minister and Bah S Nongrum from the post of Incumbent. Political Secretary to the Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, July 23: U Vincent H Pala, Working President of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that out of 60 constituencies in the Legislative Assembly, the Congress party has received 90 applications for the election. MLA Election
The FKJGP has filled the road with earth which has caused problems to the residents of these three villages especially to many commercial vehicles. to these villages due to the poor condition of the road.
The injured were rushed to Jowai Civil Hospital by 108 ambulance.
In her speech, Ms Melari Nongrum said that 48 out of 100 children in Meghalaya are vitamin deficient.
New Delhi, Lber 01: The Union Minister in charge of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman has launched the Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) at the Land Customs Stations (LCS) of the North East, through the internet. in New Delhi today.
Shillong, November 02: The SYNJUK KYNTHEI is a political party which was founded in 1947 during the struggle for independence from the British. The Union has donated 1 lakh tyngka to the Shillong Hospital.
This issue should be discussed in order to resolve this issue which is currently in crisis.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Smuggled cattle from India today were blocked by BSF troops while they were trying to smuggle cattle to Bangladesh through Omkhawa in East Khasi Hills District.
The ceremony was also attended by the Chief Police Officers of the state.
However, the leader did not have any threat against the complainant, they said and the surprising thing is that just for this reason he went to inquire about the donation he was arrested by these people. life imprisonment, which the organization cannot accept, because it is like a verdict against a serious criminal in society.
Mairang, Naitung 16: The Syiem and Ministers together with the entire Nongkhlaw Hima will celebrate the 182nd death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh in Mairang on the 17th of this month starting at 10.30 AM. Thousands of children of the Hima and the Khasi people are invited to join hands as a sign of unity and honor to this hero who gave his life for the sake of the country and The jaidbynriew, on the part of the Syiem and the Ministers have already prepared from village to village for the celebration of this memorable day.
These are the issues that the party puts before the people for their comments.
Also mentioned in relation to foster carers or visiting supervisors is their unique role to provide support for children's play by setting up a safe play area, providing them with convenient equipment to acquire, and try to make children able to play independently and to make them useful of their intellectual skills.
Replying to a supplementary question by George B Lyngdoh, Nujorkyki Syngoh and Adelbert Nongrum, the Chief Minister said that the government cannot change the soskular but if there is an arrangement here. there can be done, but to change the soskular cannot be done anymore.
Speaking on the scheme, Bah Pyniaid said that Mylliem Hima alone has 1464 Dorbar Shnongs and all the villages in the 54 Himas under the jurisdiction of KHADC have more than 3000 units, this landfill will be the first.
12.48 kilograms of heroin, 45.27 kilograms of Meth/Yaba pills, 5804.78 kilograms of kynja and 66728 bottles of codeine worth more than T.167.47 crore were seized.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Tuber was concluded today at Tuberkmai Shnong, where dozens of branches of the Sein Raij of Tuberkmai Shnong brought the Rot to this place during the ceremony. as in the shad of the kmen.
He said that they did not come to the place to celebrate but to inform the government about their problems. If all the 12541 SSA teachers resign, the education department will collapse in Meghalaya.
The Government has taken many measures to assist the farmers to encourage them to take up this milk production as milk is one of the beverages that can provide vitamins in life. of a man.
It is a shame for the politicians of Meghalaya who are the defenders of the Constitution, but now Meghalaya has become a state ruled by the rich rulers.
In other districts, the government is looking for suitable sites to set up these schools. The government wants education to improve in the state.
They also spoke about the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew in terms of culture, language and history which gives a unique snap to the Khasi.
He said that the weighbridge at Umling alone has not paid T.7 crore to the government and 7Miles Jowai has not paid T.7 crore to the government. government.
These include opening up opportunities to talk to the police, legal assistance or medical care.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Executive Director of NHIDCL, Narendra Shoran. Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and Chief Secretary RV Suchiang welcomed the guests.
After inspecting the power plant, Dr Jemmino Mawthoh MLA of the UDP told reporters that we as all political parties have taken action in this regard, and we have to investigate in this regard. and the production of this electricity, he said, we also have to investigate all the costs incurred in this area.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: To mark the World Health Day, BSF troops today conducted a blood donation at NEIGRIHMS Shillong.
On the other hand, the TMC hopes to win in the state to bring back the reputation of the party which has been in the state where the people no longer feel alien to it.
The AYUSH doctors under the umbrella of the AYUSH Medical Association of Meghalaya (AMAM) have launched a protest through social media to protest against the lack of attention of the State Government to their problems.
"We have started a relationship, a close relationship between the central government and the people of the country," Modi said.
The department has not done anything because it does not have the land.
Speaking at the public meeting, Ms Suchiang said that this is a memorable day for the state and especially for the people of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Due to the pandemic, students can also send their books to this email id.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the public that on the occasion of the Independence Day of India, all public has been banned from entering the country. I didn't go to Light Peak.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah M Lyngdoh, Joint Director, Food Distribution Department, said that the ration cards were issued according to the 2011 census.
These illegal activities were monitored by the Searchhip Battalion of the 23rd Sector of the Assam Rifles, under the supervision of the Inspector General of the Assam Rifles.
He said that the government will implement the Comprehensive Agriculture Planning scheme and the government will conduct satellite mapping to identify the areas where agriculture should be cultivated. to cultivate so that the farmers can enjoy what kinds of crops they can cultivate.
BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh welcomed Bah Lakhon to the BJP in the presence of BJP office bearers. Thousands of supporters of Bah Lakhon have joined the BJP. Although the BJP has not yet announced the name, it has been announced that the BJP will contest Bah Lakhon as MLA from the 3rd constituency. Raliang Constituency Bah Comingone Ymbon is the MLA of Raliang Constituency and is also the Minister of Electricity.
According to the government announcement, the Mawlai C&RD Block has 26 villages and they are Mawlai Umjapung, Mawiong Rim, Mawlai Umthlong, Mawlai Umjajew, Mawlai Nongkwar, Mawlai Iewrynghep and Mawlai Nonglum. , Motsyiar, Syllaikariah, Umjaiur, Nongpdeng, Phudmuri, Datbaki, Kyntonmassar, Mawroh, Mawtawar, Nongkohlew, Umsaw, Mawjynrong, Umkhynrong, and Mawkhar, Mawlai Province and Mawlai Umshing.
On 5th July 2019, the Parliament of India announced the suspension of Article 370 in Kashmir.
The delegation was led by Deputy CEM, Augustine R. Marak, Dipul Marak, Sengnal Sangma and Chairman Planning Sub-Committee SGE Mominin. Tura MP Conrad K Sangma was also present.
HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills said that the Police Department has also tried to curb the smuggling of drugs in the district, which is one of the areas with the highest number of drug traffickers and users. Drug.
(SP News) Their visit was part of the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of China's invasion of Arunachal Pradesh in
He said that as soon as he received information about the incident, he called the Registrar and the officers of the university to discuss the incident.
This request has been considered by the Commerce Department in consultation with those involved in the matter and therefore the rule, Rule 43A has been replaced by a new rule through Notification no.
Referring to the petition submitted by the WGCSU, the Chief Minister said that the government will do whatever is necessary. plan according to space availability.
Seven prominent poets from Meghalaya have left for the South Asian Literature and Cultural Summit 2024 to be held in Bangladesh organized by the Weekly Bwazra Katha. Literature (AFSACAL).
Senior officials of CCI, GeM and PSEs from across the country attended the meeting.
The Seng is pleased to say that Bah HS Shylla has lied blatantly, by burying this matter in front of the public about his corrupt activities with UCIL. They also asked about the soskular, that Bah Shylla has given permission to mine uranium and not only to build the road as claimed by Bah Shylla in the media.
He said the government has taken steps to search for the missing persons from Shillong.
He said he is confident that from now on the farmers will stand together to work with the HFU to achieve many of the demands of the farmers.
However, the children of Ri Khasi will never forget his beautiful and thought-provoking voices even though the fire that once burned in schools, colleges and universities seemed to go out for various reasons. , we who are long-term cannot know.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 307, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills District 107, bringing the total number of recoveries to 53945 in the state. .
Police are searching for the kidnappers and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that TB should also be taken seriously and this disease can only be cured with proper treatment.
“On the one hand, we have political parties that set prices for jobs, but now it is this Government that is protecting the future of the youth.
The Government has allocated funds, used technology and trained healthcare providers, provided resources and tried to bring social awareness and participation people to fight this disease.
The state is still preparing but has not yet implemented it.
Replying to a question, the EM in charge of Market Affairs, Grace Mary Kharpulit, said that the KHADC cannot set the price of agricultural products as this is the responsibility of the state government. KHADC has only given permission to open markets.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that many of the highways in the state have been constructed by the Dhar Construction Company. We don't have any objection if the work of this company can provide adequate work quality. This company should know and understand that the Upper Shillong Road or the PWD Department is not the owner of the road. Dhar Construction said that the contractors have drawn the bill as they please because many of the contractors these days are not getting jobs. and even for the works which they have done for many years, they have not received the bill.
“We demand that the JHADC, which is the guardian of our indigenous people, should use its powers as it has been empowered to curb the illegal activities of foreigners. “If there is a shortage of staff to monitor the illegal trade of foreigners in Jaintia Hills, the JHADC should call the JHADC,” said Bah R.Siangshai, VP of AJYWOCB. There is a public announcement to appoint employees immediately to do this job as there are many unemployed Jaintia youth.
This is the teaching of Alok Thakur.
“We consider it (the disposal of drugs) to be a waste of public money.
Along with the regular screening methods, the ICMR has approved and certified the point-of-care tests used by the states.
In the east, an IAF flight from Delhi to Chandigarh to Leh carried ICMR VTM kit and other necessary equipment.
He said that they will produce many medicines and improve the Khasi medicine in the state.
Johny Nongrum Sports Secretary KSU NKHD, Steven Kharkrang Asst GS KSU NKHD Unit, members from KSU Lawbah Circle and KSU Umïam Circle were also present.
According to him, the Government of India will provide more funds if the states can spend more money.
In addition, there are three Haat Border markets which are held once a day at Ryngku, Nolikata and Dangar. trade with traders from Bangladesh.
The Chief of Air Staff was welcomed by Air Commodore Ashish Srivastava in charge of Hasimara. The aircraft was captured by the Rafale.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today applied for permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to march on the 30th of this month. .
At the same time, in terms of their health, they should be able to take medicine at least once every three months.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the DCs have been directed to talk to the traders in their districts to go and transport the goods either from Guwahati or Khanapara. delivered to local markets through traders for sale to the public.
According to the draft policy, the government will find ways and means to market the Sohphan in Meghalaya.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Kodin Nongrum, Minister of Sohra Hima, Bah Erwin Syiem Sutnga, and Bah Sing Mulieh who came to take part in the meeting.
The child, who was allegedly raped, has already lodged her reply at Madanriting police station.
This order is in accordance with the directive of the Committee of the Supreme Court of India on Driving Safety and as directed by the District Committee to implement the directive from the Supreme Court of India.
The most important thing is to strengthen the society and he urged that the society should be able to revive and follow the customs and traditions.
To this end, we have introduced many bio-fortified seeds in the last 7 years.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej spoke on the history of Phan Nonglait's life and the great deeds she has done. did in the freedom struggle against the British government.
In 2010, the Secretary of ICAR approved the project and in 2013, T.300 crore was allocated for the project. high school to study in agriculture.
He said that he has found that there are people from West Khasi Hills District and Jaintia Hills District who come for treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong and this shows the condition of the health centers in other districts. The hospital which has less than 600 beds has only 145 nurses , he said , but the jobs which have been allocated for two years have not been filled yet for reasons can be avoided.
However, unfortunately, when they reached Lad Mawkhap, the vehicle overturned and fell into the river.
At the same time, the NHAI also receives complaints from passers-by regarding the deterioration of the roads.
There have been 74 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 59 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 12 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. yet.
DCPO of Social Welfare Department, Kong ML Warjri spoke on the mental impact of children who have been abused and said that reporting on such cases can have a negative impact on the children. the intellect and dignity of such children.
People who want to invade this state, don't have the opportunity to buy land, don't have the opportunity to trade freely but to escape from all these things they marry the owners of the state and in the name of women they buy If we cannot stop this cleanliness, the nation will be in great trouble.
Kong Warjri added.
Out of T.133.12 crore, the government has released T.123,45,32,0
The Delhi Police team was led by Additional DCP Shashank Jaiswal.
The meeting was also attended by officials of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of the Government of India and officials of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development. They talked about the need for good seeds, water supply to the farmland, healthy plants and also a sufficient market.
The ceremony was attended by the CEC leaders including the General Secretary, Vice President, Assistant General Secretary, CEC Members and President HYC Umsning Circle. The meeting was conducted by Samla Francis G. Mawlong, Organizing Secretary, CEC. briefly explained the Working Papers of the Seng and also explained the various demands of the Seng from the Government.
For people who are still dark-minded and lack mental strength, social media becomes just a game and doesn't entertain them.
The party has also authorized him to be one of the members of the party who can deposit and withdraw the party's money.
In the past few days, the attack on the residents of War Jaintia by the BSF has been excessive. In fact, the BSF should have checked the entry and exit of Bangladeshis, instead of to see that the Bangladeshis are disturbing the villages and announcing to the people of India.
The BJYM is deeply saddened by this incident.
Regarding the actions of the Lamphang, the former CEM said he would not blame anything.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, KSU Laitumkhrah Unit President Silvestre Marwein said that the KSU does not have an office in Laitumkhrah as stated in the complaint.
The Expert Committee will look into the bill and after that it will be sent to the Governor.
There are 6 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that he has been elected by the House and even if he should be removed, he should be elected. Speaking to media today, he said that he is ready to meet in the special session tomorrow morning. The motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee was passed.
We must read the Act and the words contained in the Act carefully and present the true information and understanding to the public.
In order to encourage the youth to train themselves in various sports, the KSU has also urged the Government to allocate special funds for these youth who are talented in their sports. Especially many of the Sports Clubs and Associations which help to develop the youth in sports are many of them low income and this should not stop them.
The Dorbar Shnong has also directed the employers to write applications, issue EPIC and confirm the residence permit of the foreign workers.
According to the legend, the French had destroyed Kiang Nangbah and the Nangbah clan until they had killed the young men and women of the clan until they left the foundation of the house at Wah Nangbah in Tpeppale and They spread all over the Khasi Hills.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has submitted a petition to the Director (Corporate Affairs) of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) regarding the delay in the appointment of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) .
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Dundee Khongsit, said that the party has taken this sudden collection of water in Shillong after receiving complaints from the party. The public in which many of them expressed their concern, doubt about the drinking water.
Shillong, June 20: The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) from Guwahati today in collaboration with the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong conducted a training on how to protect themselves and help their neighbors in case of a disaster. of Nature.
Shillong, July 03: The Kylleng Pyndeng Sohiong Development Association (KPDSA) will meet with the officials of UCIL to demand that it should temporarily suspend the release of funds to the KHADC due to the cleanliness of the UCIL. The road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah has been completed.
Meghalaya has introduced a mobile mapping tool to monitor electricity poles, water supply and distribution transformers.
The funeral service will be held on the 17th March at 2.00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery Mawpat.
Strong P Kharjana has already sent his resignation letter to the Central Body on 25/6/2018 and has announced this through the media after he did not get the MDC ticket from 19 Jaiaw Constituency. .
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Two leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Ferdinand Kharkamni of the North Khasi Hills District Unit and Son Nongkhlaw of the North Khasi Hills District Unit, have been arrested on charges of robbery. A case has been registered against them under the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Order Act
So far, the number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 96342, the number of recoveries has risen to 94391, the death toll has risen to after.
Before the meeting with the Deputy Chief Minister, they met with the authorities in charge of the health department, Bah AL Hek Minister of Health but all were in vain.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLA of the constituency from the Congress party, said that the incident occurred at the police station. The Minister of Home Affairs and the Superintendent of Police have been informed but no action has been taken.
The request for this amount is that the government will pay to the company which the government has used to know the coal mining in the districts where there is coal by using the powers that be. turn away from the sky and ring far and wide.
The distribution of these blankets was held at NREGS Hall Phodkroh in the presence of the Village Leaders, Elders and Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
or you can send complaints to this email.
Police have registered a case against the suspects and investigation is ongoing to find out where the drugs came from and to find out who is involved in the smuggling, said the SP of East Jaintia Hills District. .
The number of recoveries has risen to 497 and the highest number of recoveries is from East Khasi Hills District (143), bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Water Resources Department of the Union Government will hold a drawing competition tomorrow morning at Anton Hall Shillong to raise awareness among the people on the need to take care of water wells.
Furthermore, there will be articles on codes of practice, best practices.
He said that after receiving a complaint from the Seng, the Shnong has visited the Mawsynram CHC and found that everything is going smoothly and the allegation against the DM&HO has brought only one side of the table. the accusation is not based on anything.
They also sent photographs to show the deterioration of the road.
Therefore, the preparation to take immediate action should be accompanied by actions to modernize and strengthen the country's capacity to take these actions.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, MLA, Chief Adviser of the Physical Culture and Sports Foundation, Mawlai on Tuesday congratulated the two martial artists from Mawlai Iewrynghep on their victory in the Kickboxing Championship. gold and silver medals by Khrawbok Marwein and Albanrilang Pearson Mylliem Umlong.
Because it was in this war that the Hindu and Muslim kings worked together to fight against the British.
The General Secretary of the KSU also thanked the paradoh parasnam who have donated wholeheartedly to the KSU to provide assistance to the people in many ways at this time.
Sohphan is a soh that has not been used for medicinal purposes and this part has been neglected all these years.
During these two days, there were meetings with civil society organizations, journalists and games were held to talk about the seriousness of this disease.
The reason is that many thieves can buy drugs.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa has issued a public notice that those found spreading rumors in connection with COVID-19 will be imprisoned for one year.
The union admitted that it had received information that these cows and goats were smuggled to Bangladesh without permits and at the same time alleged that the owner of the market had violated the rule. 47 to 56 of the Animals Transport Rules
Shillong, Nailar 02: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakhmen Rymbui on Tuesday expressed his regret at the 33rd meeting of the MTC College Teachers Association of NEHU to release the BA results. this year.
Other speakers who congratulated the students were Babu Boldness L Nongum (Principal), Aida C War (Vice Principal), Annie Jane Mukhiew and Lawan Pynshngain War President of the Governing Body.
Replying in the Lok Sabha today, Union Minister of State for Finance Namo Narian Meena said that Aadhar verification has been issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI).
The award is an incentive for them to do better in their studies.
On this occasion, the party, as part of the commemoration of the second anniversary of her death, has displayed banners around the Mawkyrwat market to encourage and inform the community that they are not to forget the selflessness and enthusiasm of this woman who has made South West Khasi Hills District like this until the government and UCIL are no longer willing to move forward on this project.
Jowai, July 07: The exhibition of goods manufactured by small factories in West Jaintia Hills District was inaugurated today at Marian Hills by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah SS Syiemlieh.
To promote economic development in the state, the government has taken many measures as the state has a lot of people who are willing to work and in this area can invest money in the field. agriculture, tourism, education, health and many others and Meghalaya will be a place where people can invest to set up many jobs.
All schools from Secretaries, Heads and teachers are requested to attend the meeting for the safety of all schools and teachers.
The Chief Minister said that any scheme implemented for the benefit of the people will fall under the jurisdiction of the SAC. The implementation will go smoothly and with the presence of the SAC will ensure that all the works are completed on time.
Therefore, we strongly urge all the Villages in Meghalaya to consider and take these suggestions on this urgent issue related to the return of more or less 40,000 residents of Meghalaya. .
At this time, he did not ring a video of the BSF personnel who were still in the room.
Related Expo, training sessions and consultations will be part of the conference.
At the same time, he said that the social peace agreement between the ANVC, the state government and the central government can be completed before the MP election. The GNLA has not yet signed a peace talks.
There are 66 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 29 from East Khasi Hills, 12 from West Jaintia Hills, 10 from West Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from East Garo Hills and 2 from North Garo Hills. , West Khasi Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
At the invitation of Bah Sanbor, Minister of State, these members of the Khasi organizations from Mawsynram area have come to this meeting today to meet with the Minister. Sanbor can do what you have to do.
Replying to the allegation by Prestone Tynsong, FASTOM leader said that they don't have any other intention but they have only one intention and demand from the government not to take a decision to increase the salary of FASTOM. Adhok teachers.
Many of the members cannot attend due to government regulations and the covid 19 pandemic.
Taking decisions according to the circumstances, he gives passionate advice in some cases, persuades the rulers to look into the causes in others and even uses force in the case of Hyderabad.
The EC also approved the decision to allocate T.20 crore for the repair of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and the KHADC will now write to the PWD to request for NOC to improve the road.
On the other hand, the KSU leader urged all the children including the youth, the women and the elderly as well as the intellectuals and other political parties to They should come together to this celebration to awaken the nation.
Earlier, the meeting also decided that the buyers should not issue a receipt issued by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima but this too has not been implemented.
In Jengjal Civil Sub-Division, Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira launched the flag ceremony.
According to a statement sent today, the swearing-in ceremony of Bah Pius Marwein as full MLA will be held at 3.00 pm tomorrow morning at the Assembly at the office of the Speaker of the House. working with Dr Donkupar Roy.
The CBDT has also clarified that if any trusts, groups or funds do not submit Form 10A for AY 2022-23 within this extended date, and who have applied for permission as a new group and those who have received Form 10AC. They have the opportunity to return Form 10AC and apply for recognition for AY 2022-23 as a trust, working group or fund that does not have Form 10A up to to July 30, 2024.
Online advertising providers have also been warned not to introduce such advertisements for people in India.
According to the estimates, if there are three or four candidates, it will be difficult to defeat Bah HDR Lyngdoh from this constituency.
The free eye treatment was conducted by the parent organizations of the village in collaboration with the Rangbah Dong. that's not duk that's not going to get that court.
“We would like to urge the authorities of the DM&HO office to send two doctors to serve the patients at this PHC as only one doctor will make it difficult to provide services to the people,” said Kong Wanniang.
The protest was held today because the state government has not yet done anything on the issue of special employment for people with disabilities. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Khasi Pharmaceutical Association (KPA) recently came to Delhi to take part in a meeting convened by the National Council Philosophical Ashram All India (NCPAAI). Traditional healers from this region and the northeast of India attended the meeting.
The Prime Minister of India said on Twitter that students from Odisha have visited Kibithoo and Tuting village, which has opened the door for the students to understand other ethnic groups. It is located in India and in the northeast of India.
New Delhi, Nailar 21: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a directive to allow the opening of new bank accounts with only Aadhaar card as proof of identity. account.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Budget Session of Meghalaya today opened with the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, as usual in the first session of the year.
The DC of East Khasi Hills has been directed to investigate the matter to find out the reason and the report should be sent to the CEO's office. students and those who are not, the office wants the cooperation of political parties.
Special thanks also go to those students who have reaped the fruits of victory by coming forward in their grades and subjects.
New Delhi, Iaiong 02: Traditional heritage education is part of the heritage of minorities in India, which should be preserved and protected, whether in The Central Government supports the Tribal Research Institutes (TRIs) established in the States.
The meeting also confirmed Aiborlang Lyngdoh as President, Vice Presidents Keddy Gashnga and Rejoice Nonglait as General Secretary Aniston Lynshiang. to excuse the committee.
Ed) which the State Government has entrusted to NIOS to conduct this training.
For more information, please visit the offices of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority and District Legal Services Authorities in the districts and High Courts.
The Chief Minister said that this issue has affected since the day the state got its full statehood until now which has reached 50 years, you understand the problem, the Chief Minister said that he understands these issues. but at present he does not want to say anything, once the writ petition has been sent to the court he will be able to speak.
From the intelligence agencies, the BSF raided a house in Asimchiring and seized 300 billion rupees of heroin. The heroin was intended to be sent to the country. Bangladesh.
Political party leaders and dignitaries of the state, as well as the people have visited his residence to express their condolences on the passing away of this political figure. in the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Border Guards of Bangladesh (BGB) have arrested 40 ships stolen from India from the Dawki River by Bangladeshis.
Police have seized the vehicle used by the suspects.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid said that during the meeting, the Bhutanese researchers learned about the work of the District Council, the Khyrnit Bahynriew and the governance of culture and you can't do it on the ground.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Police today arrested a foreigner from Meghalaya and seized heroin from his body. T.40 lakh.
Speaking on the occasion, the website of the PDF was also launched in the presence of the MDCs of the PDF in KHADC. The group is now in a state of confusion where to turn and where to go. For this reason, this group was formed under the leadership of Bah Jana Kharier as Chairman.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Government of Meghalaya has appointed 55 Labor Inspectors from the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
The youths who attended the meeting agreed with the tone of the meeting and decided to start thinking about the activities through agriculture.
The most blocked areas are the Shillong-Jowai road and the Amlarem-Nongtalang area due to the slow movement of trucks without thinking about the people walking and standing on the same road.
They said that in almost the whole world democracy is based on ruling and opposition while in Khasi democracy there is no ruling or opposition. In the Democracy of India, we elect on the basis of 'majority'
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that this has not been discussed within the party, but many UDP members have expressed their opposition to this proposal if it is true that the government will The construction of shops in this area, this protest has come from the civil society and many people.
In the order issued today, it was said that if anyone is found to be mining coal in violation of the NGT order, they will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. FR Kharkongor, Commissioner, Teiriti Government, Mr. KL Nongbri, Joint Secretary and Mr. W Nongsiej, Director.
The symptoms of this disease are fever that lasts for at least three months, chest pain, weakness, weight loss, fever and night sweats.
At the Lyngwiar Thohdur which is currently underway at ICSSR, NEHU will also have a discussion with the experts from both sides to showcase their skills and explain the nature of Thohdur to their students. own state.
Speaking to media, MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap said the meeting with the Minister was to follow up on the demand for promotion and to discuss the problems faced by the Adhoc teachers of Meghalaya. they are mad.
Shillong, November 09: The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today said that the officers of the Ministry of Agriculture have been directed to investigate the allegation that there is a spread of Niamtra trees in the state.
The HNLC believes that this aim is to transform India from an independent democracy into a country of gods by enforcing the teachings or ideas of Hindutva and establishing the Hindu Rastra. HNLC General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw said in a statement sent to the media.
He appealed to the Jaiawlangsning Women's Wing to come forward and work with the government in the fight against drugs.
“We have demanded that the Chairman of the Regional Committee should take action by informing the Election Commission of India and appoint an inquiry to find out the truth so that the border dispute in Langpih area will be resolved. “It can be removed immediately,” said Bah Thongni.
Furthermore, in such a pandemic where all the people do not go anywhere to stay at home according to the rules of the government, how can these foreigners go free? KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle will continue to monitor the smuggling of foreigners from time to time through the Entry Point at Umling. .
The speakers on the occasion said that the bridge of Wah Umsngad is very important and is also a budlum for the farmers and villagers who live by farming. In the past few decades, the farmers and farmers who live on the other side of the river have been living on the other side of the river. The heavens have to leave all their work because they will experience a drought.
You should spare time to offer assistance in this hygienic matter.
DP Singh, Chief General Manager (CGM) of BSNL, on this occasion, handed over Rs 40,000 to Rev NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly. .
There should be an increase in domestic production capacity, utilization of domestic content, export of goods.
When the BSF seized the vehicle, they found that it had sarees in it. The BSF seized the vehicle and the sarees. The value of the sarees reached T. 22 lakh tyngka, the vehicle was seized at Pyrdiwah village in East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the group will stand firm and fight until victory and appealed to all the groups to support this initiative against the railway line.
"“The death toll of cows since November 2022 so far has been 2,00,001 and the estimated cost is T.30,000/- per cow according to the circumstances – NDRF. to provide compensation for the loss of farmers due to death from Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
“There is a plan to hold a program and when we investigated thoroughly we found that the invitees were senior leaders of the RSS. “They didn't get permission from NEHUSU and they held the program during the Cultural Night of NEHUSU. our program," he added.
On the allegations of other people that there will be danger if these two markets are opened, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that to fight against this, we need the cooperation of all the people. Police cannot be appointed, but it is the duty of each and every one of the elders to follow the orders of the government.
The war was known as the War of Liberation of East Pakistan from West Pakistan, now known as Bangladesh with the help of India's Mukti Bahini to fight against the Pakistani army. Bangladesh was born in this war.
All these patients are in quarantine.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The BSF on the border with Bangladesh has stepped up its patrols on the border due to the increasing smuggling of goods. He is from the state of Meghalaya.
There are 30 bike riders, 15 males from BSF Janbaz and 15 females from BSF Seema Bhavni. Take part in this bike race from those places.
The KSU once again demanded that besides the demand for ILP, Article 371, the empowerment of district councils, the cut-off date for the registration of citizens of Meghalaya should be set. Those who came from East Pakistan and Bangladesh after this date should be deported to Bangladesh.
The program was organized with the financial support of the District Planning Office, Jowai.
BSF troops of the 193rd Battalion, Meghalaya on Friday on a tip-off from intelligence agencies conducted a raid on the border of East Khasi Hills district and seized items worth more than 50 lakh tyngka. .
Speech by the Chief Quest on this occasion that as female players we should avoid child marriage and we should be players who can lead India. Football in these days has increased rapidly. Whether you are a man or a woman, you must be young men who play from the heart.
It is learned that the police who were present at the scene at that time took it without speaking and rolled up the pass and put it in their pla and left.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister expressed his deep sorrow over the onset of water wells in the state.
The share of Shishuka loans is the highest at around 40% and this shows that PMMY provides good support to early stage local entrepreneurs.
Therefore, the party through this statement urges all the paradoh para snam to be vigilant and careful about the entry and exit of foreigners.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, it is understood that the government through the Ministry of Public Works and Highways has set a target to complete the work by November this year, but due to the lack of time. The construction of the bus stand at Mawiongrim will not be completed in November.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) has celebrated the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Language since Rev. Thomas Jones invented the alphabet. He wrote and read in Khasi in
Introducing the Bill in the House, the CEM of KHADC said that the Bill was introduced in the House on 20th November 2018 and was passed on 22nd November 2018 and sent to the Governor. of the state to seek approval.
Basketball and Athletic and hope that the participation of prominent coaches of the state will open the door for players who work hard and have the talent to improve in sports.
KSU JHDU under the leadership of Samla N.Sutnga Finance Secretary Samla N.Sutnga and Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh Asst Education Secretary Samla JHDU to meet the CEM but the Peon of the CEM said that the CEM is still in meeting.
He said that according to information, the truck was taken by the French Transport Company.
Various groups such as Chambers of Commerce, Red Cross, trade and agriculture groups took part in the cleanliness drive.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert informed that these equipments were purchased under the Special Urban Development Scheme for the fiscal year 2019-2 within the constituency.
Lyngot 12:The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body has demanded that the state government should increase the allocation for the agriculture department and other departments. government related to agriculture.
In the last meeting with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on the issue of ILP, all the 13 political parties did not discuss the issue of Modify ILP or give any suggestion in words or in writing to create it. The other is the ILP, and if there is such a proposal, the JSU and JYF will reject it immediately because we have not given any approval or signature on that proposal.
This action of the Meghalaya government in phase 1 has upset many and Meghalaya has lost more than 18 sq km of land.
Shillong, July 02: Agens Kharshiing, who has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the corruption of MLAs and MDCs, has said that she will not remain silent while waiting for the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. The High Court has now ruled.
He said other schemes that the government has provided through the leaders to assist the people are the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) of T.2,50,000 per annum, the Construction of Rural Road Program (CRRP) of T.2,50,000 per annum. 5 lakh per annum, Member of Parliament Local Area Development (MPLAD) for development works in villages and others.
The ICYM Zone 5 which brings together the youth as Jinglong Unity through talent shows and songs of praise and encouragement to the youth.
Banteidor said that the Khasi farmers who go to the market to sell their products such as rice, sohsaw and kubi have been harassed by these foreigners. They say that they charge a lot of taxes from the farmers.
Bah Sohlang president of HANC recalled that the people of the area have refused to take part in the MDC election in 2014 as a sign of protest against the neglect of this road which provides services to them. “There are dozens of villages in the area,” said Bah Sohlang.
The current GHADC Assembly will end in April this year and the elections to the GHADC Assembly should be held in April or November this year.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Isaac W. Basaiawmoit Assistant General Secretary of the HYC.
On the same day, the Chief Minister's Secretary also visited the water pipes which have been ringed from the top water tank in the area.
Meanwhile, the HNYF has held a rally in Mairang at the place where the Hima Nongkhlaw has held a commemoration ceremony at Madan Tirot.
Of the three deceased, only Crystal Gayle Kharnaior, 23, daughter of Bah Raphael Warjri, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar Block-V, has been identified. Police are still trying to find out the names and addresses of the deceased.
The curfew called by the JSU will be implemented throughout East & West Jaintia Hills district and during these hours of curfew only ambulances and journalists will be allowed to pass.
The residents of this road found that on one side of the road the cleaning has started and the other side has been left alone. At the beginning of the cleaning it was said that the Chairman of the Government will come. UPA of Sonia Gandhi and expedited the work but as soon as they received news that she was not coming, it stopped.
On this occasion, Bah Kharkrang also spoke about the problems caused by the drinking of alcoholic beverages which has affected the society. give ban to be careful.
The Commission has recognized the special areas of Assam and although progress has been seen in the past, it will continue to struggle in economic development to keep pace with the rest of the country especially in terms of related to the economy.
It is learned that the MIDC has written to the government to pay only the salaries of the three corporations which it has paid in the past years but as of now the government has not returned this money. .
This is not a court order.
Shillong, July 01: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, West Garo Hills today. 1, the number of confirmed cases has risen to
The decision came after the teachers demanded a higher salary for doing the same job.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Government of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today decided not to allow weddings to be held in Ri Bhoi District. Bad East Khasi Hills District.
He said India would be the fourth country in the world to do this.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Minister of Education to take action against this problem faced by the teachers and the plight of the school children in these areas of West Khasi Hills.
“When the Defense State Office sent the Eviction Notice, some of the people who lived there went to the Court and the Court issued a Stay Order that the eviction notice should be evicted. poiwir) shall not be in accordance with the law.
Your tolerance and understanding in the days after demonetisation – and wholehearted support in the fight against corruption and black money- shows your responsibility and community which is the mind of the wicked.
Speaking at the public meeting, the president of the KSU, Bah Pyrshong M Jyrwa of the Rambrai Unit, said that if this flood comes true, more than 5000 people will be converted. flee.
After the rule of the Khasi States and Non-States, the British Government placed only one rule under the Deputy Commissioner of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills District.
But we must remember that there will be judgment in the end for those who earn righteousness and those who earn unrighteousness or sin.
On the other hand, the KSU said that the names of those arrested today are Gayan Sylliang and Ramesh Lyngdoh and another person whose names have not been received yet. KSU Building Unit.
In his speech, NESO Chairman Bah Samuel B Jyrwa said that Kiang Nangbah is not a king or a minister, he is a people, but he stood up against the British for many years without He urged the people to take this example and not be afraid to speak out against the violence against the jaidbynriew. truth.
It will keep information on the reports of various studies of the students so that they can be awarded degrees by looking at these reports.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of AIR NE-DTH & AIR-Live Streaming Mobile App on “North Eastern Service” and other stations of AIR. The State Government has sent information to the Election Commission, Delhi regarding the vacancy of the two constituencies in the state and they are awaiting a letter from Delhi to announce the mid-term elections in Ranikor. and South Tura.
The Meghalaya government has already submitted the documents to the Assam government to show the areas where the work is needed and what is needed now is to continue the talks where the issue can be resolved. pud u sam with your understanding.
This shows that the working methods of the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District are biased and unclean and there may be many things behind it.
The three men who lost their lives were identified as Bah Wankordor Warjri, Bah Pynhunlang Lyngdoh and Bah Reistrar Kurbah.
Opening the meeting, the Deputy Speaker of the State said that the purpose of the meeting is to bring about a change in the working methods of the Assembly. court more.
The purpose of the rally from Garo Hills to Jaintia Hills is to urge the government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. the entry of foreigners.
They are hopeful that in the years to come more people will come forward to support the festival.
The Seng also urges the people to attend the meeting to listen and listen to what the leaders have to explain on this intention of the Government which affects the customs and traditions of the Jaidbynriew.
All four of the resigned MLAs, Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek, Robinus Syngkon and Justine Dkhar, who resigned as MLAs to join the BJP, have received tickets.
The SRKBH East Khasi Hills District Committee once again requests the leaders of various Kurs to attend the event, said Bah RL Kharpran in a statement. today.
Ryngud Village together with the residents of Ryngud Village one of the villages in the Sohra area is a rich source of kwai and tympew. In the past, it had a trade route with Bangladesh from before the independence of India until the independence of the village in This village lives on agriculture to trade in soh ki pai, kwai, tympew as well as Sohmrit and Latyrpad leaves.
The teachings and writings of Soso Tham will continue to grow for thirty generations to come because without the lights of yesterday, there will be no tomorrow and without tomorrow there will be no tomorrow. .
Therefore, in this regard, we would like to urge the government to expedite this issue so that it will be of benefit to the students in the district as a whole.
He said that once the coal mining industry has resumed, it will also bring about changes in all other types of factories. side.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, they said that if the government does not release the salary by 12th November 2022, they will start a strike. in Shillong.
The nurses also expressed their concern about the lack of staff nurses, and now there are staff who have tested positive at the PHC and have to stay at home. It is difficult to meet the needs of the people due to the lack of staff and they have to go every day to other villages to test hight risk contacts.
It doesn't matter if we have to pay the bill so that future patents can be paid freely, it doesn't matter if we have to struggle to attend this meeting so that future patents will not suffer.
The Australian runner has visited 18 World Vision offices across India and her run has raised T.70,86,000.00 lakh. The funds will be used to provide food to those in need, to provide drinking water and to ensure that there is no gender discrimination. reading is not enough.
NEW urges the law enforcement agencies, the judiciary and all government authorities to take action against this person accused of violating the rights of women and children. Joy Syiem, Director of the North East Network – Meghalaya, said in a statement sent today, “There is no need to worry about the law enforcement agencies.
As the KHNAM party, we condemn these articles because they are articles that make us have to admit that the number of ethnic parties has undermined the Hima Sima of the country and opened the door for foreigners to challenge the rule of law. in the state.
The establishment of the border crossings will be a way to resolve the border dispute between the two states. This must be done with the consent of all the people of these states. two states.
The HNLC said that the Indian government has expressed its willingness to help the Tibetan people. The HNLC said that India should first resolve the issues within the Tibetan people. you shall not go into conflict with other countries.
She said that once a day there will be an Open House or meeting with the public who wish to meet her, perhaps on Friday from 11:00 pm to 2:00 pm. 00 pm but they should not give notice before the day.
U Bah Syiem said that soon the council will send a notice to all the kurs to send their information to the council so that the council can take action. essential.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Supply, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the Mawkynrew C&RD Block has become the first block in East Khasi Hills District. This public meeting was held at the ground floor of this Block.
In a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati Circle, Narangi Military Station and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Cantonment Board (SMB), the union said that The inspection on the 25th of last month found that there are about 80-100 households living in this area without permission from the Cantonment Board or any relevant authorities.
The helicopter fee was payable to M/s Aryan Aviation Private Limited which amounted to T.6.16 crore. The release of the fee was only T.2.13 crore. T.29.47 lakh has been paid for the 2023-2024 fiscal year.
To initiate research on issues related to the development of the North East in collaboration with DoNER, NEC and states or individuals and to identify suitable areas for development programs/schemes in the villages. of the northeast region for better operational efficiency.
When they met with the government officials in charge of this matter, they received the reply that this T.50 tyngka has been allocated to them under the RBSY schemes but it is surprising that even this scheme has not been paid. they don’t get it because their name isn’t included.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor Shullai urged the Dorbar Shnong and the relevant committee to cooperate with the government authorities to ensure that the work will go smoothly according to the directives of the office.
The task of the Film Screening Committee is to examine all the films produced and to be released before being screened to the public. The certificate shall be obtained from the committee and shall be made public.
The party is deeply saddened by the loss of three lives in the hands of the Assam police. The party sends its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives. tragedy, the party will also offer support to the injured.
Shillong, Naitung 17: A delegation from Meghalaya today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in New Delhi. congratulated this group.
The vehicles seized by the Forest Department, which were parked in front of the office, were in good condition, damaged and most of the vehicles were damaged, as many of the owners of the vehicles did not work anymore. after being arrested.
Shillong, July 05: Regarding the decision of the state government to set up a High Level Committee to resolve the issues of the Metor Area, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the government to set a time frame. the carpenter from Mawlong Market.
Regarding the dewbilat factory in Sohra, the Congress has nothing to say if the workers do not have any complaints. .
In 2009, when the government of Dr Donkupar collapsed, Bah DD Lapang came back as the Chief Minister but did not stay in the government house.
There are 9 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi. there are 68 people.
The Bill will affect the ethnic groups in the region, which includes Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Sikkim and Mizoram.
Shillong, June 01: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor N War today launched the flag before distributing food items to 1500 poor households in Shillong. Donated by the Shillong Marwari Community.
The Prime Minister has urged the people to come forward to fight against crimes against women and children and this incident may be due to the spread of drugs which the government will take action against. and thou shalt be strong against this evil.
Although in Meghalaya there is no child slavery, there are many children who work in various jobs.
Prabodh Brahma, a student of NIFT, Shillong, has committed suicide after drowning in the river while he and four friends were going. jngi in this thwei.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club today, she said that by being selected to represent India in the competition, her goal is to raise awareness that the use of plastic is a problem. bad and will carry this message.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The State President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, today said that despite many attempts, Bernard Marak has been released on bail.
The Minister said that there are many other issues up to 70 and the Cabinet has decided and the state government will submit its recommendation to the Central Government on the issues raised by the Cabinet. Commission Punches.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Chief Justice of India, Altamas Kabir today inaugurated the High Court of Meghalaya. state that has been agreed for a long time.
Through the DREAM project, all Deaddiction Centers will be used as a single platform to obtain an accurate census and identify people who are eligible for treatment where the names will be confidential and the full censuses will be available. the Government.
Earlier, it was learned that the Vice Chancellor was present at the North East Philosophy Teachers Meet, 2023 held at the Seminar Hall, NEHU, Shillong Campus. they forced their way inside to disrupt the meeting.
"In this era of rapid change, nothing can stop a resurgent India from reaching the top," Ambani said.
The KHADC urges the government not to implement the CrPC and CPC in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council because if implemented, other courts will be able to hear cases within the District Council. Council.
Shillong, July 09: The BSF troops at their hospital in Umlping have conducted a training on how to treat and prevent hepatitis B and C.
The SOS in Umiam was established in 2008 and the FSP was also established. Its mission is to look after the issue of abandoned children and its mission is to ensure that the children do not should be treated with contempt in many ways.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: As part of the development of the talents of the children of the state, the All Jaintia Hills Dancer Association (AJHDA) will soon hold a Dance Meghalaya Dance in Shillong.
That is the question millions of times to the police department,” said the KSU leader. “You went to search for Reebok Diengdoh from home but you didn't find him. I'm going to give you a movie.
The Commandant of the 108th Brigade and the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah Mit Ryngksai were the special guests.
Habubur Zaman has lodged a complaint alleging that during the procession, a man named Habibur Zaman of the NPP stopped near his house. u and started throwing stones in which four people were injured.
“Almost all the states pay the pension to the teachers but in Meghalaya the retired teachers have been excluded from this benefit,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Tanbor Swer was awarded the Rana Kharkongor Award, Daminot J Wankhar and Adlyne Khonglam were awarded the Riti Award. Dr. Naren Hazarika, Sr.
Since time immemorial, India has supplied high-quality food items to other countries at low prices.
To empower girls, the Government has launched many programs such as 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' among others.
Police have registered a case under Section 506 IPC and Section 5(l)(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act at Mawngap Police Station. Larisha Expenses.
Because it is no longer an incident that is happening in this area but it has happened especially in the Bri War area.
The candidates who attended the meeting included Pynshngain N Syiem, Rocky Hek, Mayborn Lyngdoh, Samborlang Diengdoh and Jubanlak Kharbikhiew.
It is to be recalled that a gang of about 20 robbers carrying weapons such as guns, knives, knives and stones led by Shngain Lamare, Marbud Iakai, Bud Paslein from Umkyrpong and Sen Paslein, Loin Paslein and Boi were arrested. Paslein from Pala village attacked and killed Desment Salahe and Nes Salahe and seriously injured Ribhamiki Salahe and Priwes Salahe at 5:30 pm.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Khlanhiwot Lamare, President of SSUU NEI. CS Shylla, Secretary Social Service Committee of SSUU NEI and T. Papang, Secretary Social Service Committee of SSUU NEI were invited to attend the programme.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) is now considering going to court to recover the money of the council from the state government.
Other speakers at the ceremony were former Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang, USTM Chancellor Mahbubul Haque and USTM Vice Chancellor Prof Alaka Sarma.
The Minister also informed that the department has already provided training to 7110 people and school children in Disaster Management, Search & Rescue and First Aid in towns and cities.
Pious Rani, Executive Director of NESFAST, said that the ropeway has been modeled from Himachal Pradesh and it has now been built by local people who have trained the locals. and from now on, the states will build the Gravity Ropeways which will be built in the future.
It is true that the quality of education in Meghalaya is due to the presence of missionaries.
Amit Shah said that in the past years, while working through the NDRF, the troops from various police forces have received praise at home and abroad for their work in related fields. and providing relief during natural disasters.
He said that now the blocks are no longer like before when the schemes were decided in the blocks. He said that now all the decisions have been taken by the people in the villages and they will be sent back to the blocks. The Block is only to monitor the suggestions of the VECs and Shnongs.
President Mawlai Circle said that this initiative of the office has opened the door for foreigners as well as the youth who have learned from Meghalaya especially the youth.
If you have any questions, please call the following numbers: +91 84140 47191 (Pynkmenlang Sanmiet Education Secretary CEC), +91 70050 00599 (Richest Malngiang Ats.
The complaint was sent to the Chief Election Commissioner of India, VS Sampath. The complaint said that this is against the rules laid down by the Election Commission. The North Eastern States are still in the midst of preparations for the elections.
Shillong, Nailar 3: U Chestar Roy Shabong, resident of Wahiengdoh Block-5, one of the members of the NVDA in the struggle for the Hills State, has passed away today. this division is the loss of the whole state.
N Parien and the office bearers of this Circle are.
They respect and fear the leaders of Meghalaya especially the leaders of the national parties.
At the same time, AMDA invites all the dancers of the state including all the dancers to join us on this day as part of the celebration of the 40th Anniversary of the organization.
Janak Preet Singh from NESFAS spoke in detail on the agriculture of the old days and at the same time to preserve the old ways.
The mother gave birth in Ambulance 108 at NEIGRIHMS grounds while they were testing for COVID-19 and in this delay the mother gave birth in a car and after that she was taken from NEIGRIHMS. The 108 ambulance was identified as Galdi Hynniewta, EMT and driver Satiar Khrkongor.
The government will fight against insurgency as much as it can and has now prepared the necessary measures to bring peace and stability in the state. especially in parts of Garo Hills.
The BJP leader said that once again the Indian government pays tribute to him.
During rest, meals or transportation of goods to the venues, they should keep a distance of 3 to 4 feet from each other.
Other speakers on the occasion were Justice SR Sen, Director of Social Welfare, Bah E Kharmalki.
Narendra Modi has urged educational institutions and institutions across the country to publish research information on the contributions of this social change man to the country as well as about the Arya Samaj which will celebrate its 150th anniversary in
The Durga Temple in Nartiang is a popular tourist destination in Jaintia Hills and is located near a rich area of ​​stones.
Bisheshwar Das, owner of a shop in Bishnapur, who was set on fire by unidentified persons on 16th November, passed away this morning at NEMCARE Hospital Guwahati.
In Garo Hills, 59 candidates have registered today.
“According to my view, it is not that the BJP supports us.
Shillong, July 31: Speaking at a public meeting convened by the CoHSO at Madan Student today to protest against the CAB, 2016, BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai said that If this doesn't work, he will resign from the BJP because he is more important than the party.
Today alone, the BSF have seized 78 cows from many places, 20 cows from Iewthymmai in East Khasi Hills, and 58 cows from Nongjuri. Tuka, King and Lyngkhat.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that even though he is only an MDC, he has been able to provide assistance to the people and villages in his constituency. The people of this area should take good care of these items so that they can use them from time to time.
The Prime Minister said that there is no allegation against any political party but the arrest of those people is based on the evidence they have received through the videos. , police will continue to investigate the incident.
An incentive of T.6,000 per annum in the form of three installments has been provided to all farmer households who own their own land and this has provided them with income security. books and society.
The HYC said that the signing of MoUs and Settlement Agreements between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam without the permission of the landowners, Villages, Raids, Himas and District Councils is illegal and against the Constitution. custom of the People of Hynniewtrep.
During this journey, various programs have been prepared in the districts they pass through including talks with people related to “BetiBachaoBetiPadhao” (BBBP) such as school children and college girls, Women's SHGs, NCC cadets, CCI children, NYKS members, youth men and women, anganwadi workers and others and there will also be a ceremony to honor the BBBP Champions.
The collision occurred between a truck and a Tata Suma.
“It is surprising that only the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, KHADC and the Government led by the DC of East Khasi Hills District have investigated the matter. There is no such thing as a Mawlai Town Durbar.
no.8575860615, Fastinity Wanniang Riangdo 9615627592 and Etilda Rongrin Umdang Ph.
“Bah Brian and his team have collected information about the life in these caves that is not seen in other parts of the world.
On the other hand, in agriculture, education, patent exchange and employment, both sides agreed to strengthen relations between the two countries especially in the field of culture.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the Constitution of the country is the newest democracy in the world, it is also the supreme law of the country and the Constitution that guides the country. you are working.
Shillong, November 01: Jagadish Hiremani, Member of the National Commission for Safety and Security (NCFSK) from the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Union Government in charge of the two states, Meghalaya and Meghalaya, Assam has come to Meghalaya to meet with the contractors who clean the roads in Meghalaya.
He called upon all the people to work together for the development of education in the state.
The first railway line in the state is the Dudhnoi-Mendipather railway in Garo Hills and is scheduled to be opened in June this year.
He said the police have given years of their lives away from their families in the border areas of the country and protect the country through selflessness and courage.
Prasad urged the people to be vigilant and not to rush especially on the busy roads of Shillong.
The language of the examination shall be in the official language of the state, in Meghalaya as English is the official language of the state. Hindi language.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Following the allegation by the opposition that there is a link between politicians and insurgents in the state, the Chief Minister today admitted that there is such a link between the insurgents. and politicians.
In the first half, both the teams didn't manage to score but it wasn't until the second half that both the teams realized that they had It is not to improve the way they play by having to score their goals.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary, Sniawbhlang Dhar, Chief Secretary, DP Wahlang and other government officials from the Urban Development Department.
Shillong, July 10: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today said that he has received a letter from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India on July 8, 2022 regarding the fact that the District Councils in Meghalaya have not He did not provide an account of the expenditure in the last few years and the failure to submit the CAG report to the District Councils.
Y.Tsering, IAS; Additional Chief Secretary, RV Suchiang, IAS; Principal Secretary to the State Government.
During these two days, games were also held and drawing books were distributed to the children to draw what they have for their future and this will be for the whole world. one that peace will come.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the MDA government, has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, to remove the electricity department from James K Sangma. remove the current CMD.
Shillong, March 21: U Father Jimmy Marngar today announced that on the funeral day of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala, all the services will be broadcast on local TV channels.
As the two parties have not been able to take over the post of Dy Chairman, the HSPDP which leads the new EC within the KHADC has already taken over the post. claim.
Factories and any other workplace under the NI Act, 1881, shops and anyone working on a part-time basis, day laborers including those working outside the constituency shall have the right to the right to receive wages from their employers.
Speaking to media after a meeting with government officials, the Union Minister said that Meghalaya has 12 schools for the disabled. schools are run privately.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today led a petition to the Director General of Police of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). In a petition, the HYC has urged the DGP to strengthen the security forces on the border between Meghalaya and Assam to ensure that the people on the border have the right to freedom of expression. free to make a decision where they will be in this settlement negotiation.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has issued an Office Memorandum (OM) in 2010 under the Special Leave Appeal No. 8516 of Supreme Court.
Shillong, Naitung 10: There are 24 new cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 12 in Ri Bhoi and 8 in West Garo Hills. Hill 1.
He said that inside the Banalari World car there are many people who have been employed.
On the other hand, the Minister, who is also the MLA of this area, said that the officers in charge of this scheme should explain to the people the rules and regulations of this scheme so that they can the public will not be confused.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U AL Hek MLA of the BJP on Tuesday wrote a letter to the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi to complain about the collapse of the Legislative Assembly. which is still being built in Mawdiang.
They also urged the government to encourage those who are suffering from illnesses who are still able to receive treatment at home to avoid the overcrowding of hospitals. The government has accepted the suggestion of the Governor of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Minister in charge of Education, Rakkham Sangma today informed that the State Government will soon open two schools. College Degree in the State.
“India's G20 presidency has showcased to the world the talents of the Indian people.
The most important rules of the KHADC are that to get a Trading License, you have to get the approval of the Rangbah Shnong by consensus. of the Dorbar, or shall have the approval of the Chief Executive Members by the unanimous consent of the Dorbar.
Mairang, Naitung 17: The Hima Nongkhlaw has decided to commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Singh on the 18th of this month as the 17th falls on Sunday.
Ranikor Administrative Unit has been opened in South West Khasi Hills, Rongjeng Administrative Unit will soon be opened in East Garo Hills and nine new blocks will also be opened.
Those who wish to join hands can call 9863097754, 9862477325, 9436312576, 9856066216 and Committee (MPCC) DD Lapang and Working President Deborah Marak today met AICC Secretary for Meghalaya CP Joshi in Delhi to discuss political issues in the state.
Thus, since 2000, the climb of Lum Sohpetbneng has been started by Bah Sumar Sing Sawian and Bah Dipshon Nongbri who is also the present resident of Rynsan.
He said that the number of students who will sit for the SSLC and HSSLC has reached 90,0
Deisar Kyndiah SDO of Rankor PWD Division said that it is true that the road collapsed at Lailad on Tuesday and today the road could have been cleared. There is still a 25-mile earthquake at a place known as Mawshun.
On the same day, the House will also confirm the Speaker of the Sixth Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
MSME Open – Maximum Support to Micro Small and Medium Enterprises! To boost MSME activities, the government has increased the budget by more than 650 % in the last five years.
The training was attended by 42 mothers from Umphyrnai, Mawryngkneng, Pomlahier, Diengpasoh and Nonghali villages.
Violators of this rule shall be punished with imprisonment for not less than 3 months which may extend to 10 years and a fine of T.20,0
The President also alleged that it is because of the lack of responsibility of the leaders in the government that young people like Samla Frederict cannot take this path with the aim of protecting and saving. to the nation from the influence of others.
He said that the central theme of the two-day meeting will be for the development of the region, the development projects it will carry out will be how to increase income, to encourage To set up jobs and to do so requires the allocation of funds and this will create job opportunities in this area.
Since the formation of the HLC on 22nd November 2019, it has held a meeting on 25th November 2019 and after that it has convened another meeting on 05th November The union demanded that the JVK should explain why it has counted the salaries of 70 employees.
On the post Group C, the party has demanded the appointment of state residents.
Shillong, Lber 04: The rapid change in the power sector has brought about a change in the income of the people. to improve their income.
Army Public School Shillong won the title in the boys under 14 category with two medals while Loreto Convent won the title with two medals. In the women's under 14 category, 3 gold, 2 silver and 2 bronze medals were won.
Replying to a question on how coal trucks from other states can still enter Jaintia Hills, Symbut said the government has directed the DCs and SPs to ensure that foreign vehicles They shall not be allowed to enter whether they are illegal or illegal vehicles.
MR has announced several assistance to the children affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. While announcing these assistance, MR has stressed that children are the future of the country. and that the country should do its utmost to support them and protect them so that they can become the pillars of the country's future.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The documentary has been screened in Delhi, Mumbai and universities in Europe, South America and Australia.
In 2013, the Election Commission had warned that those whose names have been registered in two polling stations will no longer be allowed to vote in border areas such as Block II, which is one of the border areas between Meghalaya and Assam. However, the KSU is surprised that the actions of these armed groups of the KPLT are to force the people in these villages of Block II to cast their precious votes in Assam, which is against the rights of the KPLT. The government has decided that the people in these areas will no longer be able to vote in Assam.
At this meeting, the office bearers of the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep Hills District, which was established by the Dorbar of Waheh Kurs of Jaintia Hills, were also elected.
The Defense State Office, Guwahati has promised to send a detailed report on the surveillance of illegal immigrants at Lum Survey, Shillong. nothing against the evil deeds that come from this illegal residence.
NEHUSU and KSU NEHU Unit have demanded that the Vice Chancellor should remove all the posts held by Nantu Das while the police investigation is ongoing after the relatives of the victim Nantu Das lodged a complaint with the police.
Dr Bahl, DG, ICMR congratulated the success of HarGharJalban to provide safe drinking water to the people of the country.
It was through the fierce fighting of Captain KC Nongrum that point 4812 in Batalik sector was captured from the Pakistani forces and this was the heart of the Kargil war. India has won Operation Vijay against Pakistan.
During the meeting, the suggestions and issues raised were that the boundary of the C&RD Block needs to be revised, as Mawthadraishan C&RD Block has 469.9 Square Km while Mariang C&RD Block has 469.9 Square Km. It has an area of ​​831 Square Km.
Other speakers at the meeting were DMK Sangma Shadap, Judicial Magistrate, Amlarem, AD Sangma, Public Prosecutor, District Court West Jaintia Hills and u Bah D.Buam, President of the Raid Buam Environmental Protection Association.
In his speech, Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that the purpose of the meeting was to get clean food in the shops, that the government should increase the number of employees and that the government should to fully implement the Food Safety Act,
T.4.80 lakh was seized from Saha and T.1.60 lakh from F Seikh.
The best students were – Computer-Beginner Ishuah Kharsohtun, Intermediate – Karleven Odiniel Laloo; Tally -I – Sunny Deb Tally-II Banisha Kharbi; DTP- Nika Delecta Lyngdoh; We & PC Maintenance – Willingly Lamin; Database- Sophia Katrai; Cloud computing and Python- Assunta Jala.
To become a supporter/friend without disclosing your name, please send an email to the District Tuberculosis Officer to get your Bank Account at the following email addresses: East Garo Hills – Ri Bhoi – South Garo Hills “Support from the community members on humanitarian issues will protect the lives of TB patients and will “It will help achieve the country's goal of ending TB by 2025,” said Dr. Mawrie, State TB Officer.
Members of the party were also present at the rally in front of the Secretariat and KHADC and demanded that the government should explain how the Assam government came to set the border. .
Bah MH Dkhar also praised the kindness of Ma Protassius Suiam to gather many children and also to take care of them and send them to school at his school.
Two other cases are from East Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of cases in East Jaintia Hills District to four.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills District is currently on leave and after his return he will take over as the DC of West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling said, “I am proud of Balarihun Kharlukhi who has brought fame and glory to the family, the village, the constituency and the nation as a whole”.
The director of the drama said, “It is a great pleasure for me to direct and stage this drama about the life of this great missionary, whom people praise and remember fondly. , especially in the places where he worked and preached.
The Union Minister said that the center will have a library with a reading room with resources about the North East, an art gallery to showcase about the North East, the Exhibition hall, research centre, sale outlet and guest house.
He said that if Khasi drivers who drive with even numbers on the day of odd numbers are fined, why should these drivers from other states especially those from another state be fined?
Rev. Dilseng M Sangma spoke at the meeting on the development of the nation.
The Court also allowed the State Government to respond to the 19th Interim Report and at present the Court has not taken any action and violations.
Participants at the meeting also had the opportunity to ask for more clarification regarding the Reservation Roster and also to ensure that all participants understand it and its meaning.
The Central Government has received information that some people have taken advantage of this scheme and demanded money from the households who should have received this scheme. middle explains that he should not pay money for getting Gas at home.
According to the Election Commission of India, there are 22,26,567 lakh voters in Meghalaya.
They also received a grant of T.15,000 from the Block.
Once allowed in the urban areas, allow them to experience in the rural areas as well.
The Prime Minister said that in his opinion this should not be an issue. He said that through dialogue with all groups, the incident in Ichamati can be resolved. This happened a few months ago and as of now there is nothing but this has come from the comments of groups from outside the state as well as from this state.
After the thanksgiving, from the signs that appeared, it was clear that the divine power gave them the signs of their support to raise, to cultivate and to care for.
In the Striking MMA Gold category, Rishanskhem P.Lipon won the title belt in the 58 Kg category in the Junior category, Alvin Kharkongor won the Silver medal in the 35 Kg category in the Cadets category. Barishisha Nongkhlaw won the silver medal in the 49 Kg category in the Junior Girls category while Vincent Marboh won the Silver medal in the 62 Kg category in the Junior category.
Referring to Meghalaya, the Union Minister said that the NH.127B connecting West Bengal to Meghalaya to Phulbari via Dhubri has already been announced by the government. and the most important thing now is to build a bridge across the Bramaputra River.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to meet again within two months to discuss the issue of with the intention to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
Shillong, July 10: The Raid Laban Sports and Cultural Organization, as usual every year, congratulates all the students and this time too through the 13th Meritorious Award for Students To all the students who have passed well in various examinations such as SSLC/HSSLC/ICSE/ISC/CBSE/Degree/University etc of this year 2016, who have passed at 1Division and above.
Amanpreet Singh, a member of the college, said that the selection will be for only 100 candidates and that will mean 50 candidates for men and 50 candidates for women. Help me to get a scholarship through this college.
Many people were injured in the clash between the residents and the police on Mavis Dunn Road Mawkhar today. Many people were injured not only on the side of the residents but also on the police. same.
At the same time, he urged the children to be hardworking and to have a humble spirit.
Shillong, November 27: The Sordar of Laitlum Village today announced that the village will hold a Miss Mawkynrew 2023 contest for two days on the 5th and 6th of this month. July 1, 2023.
Returning to the headquarters of the KSU Umpung Unit in South West Khasi Hills, KSU Umpung Unit has celebrated World Environment Day today. to be with the students and teachers inside the Lower Primary School.
Those who have such items please contact the office of the Khasi Students' Union, Jaiaw Chapel Road, Shillong-793002' or call the following numbers: Samla Donald V Thabah (General Secretary, KSU) – 9485175812 , Samla  Rapborlang Nongrum (Publicity Secretary, KSU) – 8014989946 and  Ostarnic Marbaniang (Assistant Publicity Secretary, KSU) –
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, after listening to the speeches of both sides, said that under rule 71, brief speeches are allowed. George B Lyngdoh, who introduced the Private Members Bill on 10th March 2022, has not been allowed to do so.
It may be recalled that the NPP has contested against the Minister of State and MLA from East Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
It’s important to learn from each other.
In a statement, the union said that if there are such factories, it will affect the water, the environment and it should not affect the people. especially health.
In which he also mentioned those laws.
The BSF has informed the BGB to seek their assistance in curbing such smuggling which has been going well on the border between the two countries. of Bangladesh.
The union urges the State Government to immediately call for interviews for these vacant posts, as well as for the vacant posts in other departments, before the budlum of the youth becomes weak.
The union through the Education Cell has sent this petition as part of explaining to the public about this decision of the central government especially for those people who have left their education part-time due to lack of education. and other reasons.
He said that the 10 per cent Gross Budgetary Support Scheme has benefited the economic development of the region.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Pynkmenlang said that the Minister has already explained to them regarding the demands that the party has already put forward. on the availability of medical seats.
The union also conveyed these demands to Bah Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor Constituency who promised to take action on these demands.
Other members include Ranjit Kumar DevChoudhury, Deputy Solicitor General, Gauhati High Court, Roushan Lal, District & Sessions Judge, KarbiAnglong, Assam and Monika Sharma, Special Director (Enforcement) , Directorate of Enforcement.
It was during the verbal altercation between Bah Paul Leong and the Superintendent of Enforcement, that Bah Paul first touched the chest of an enforcement policeman who was nearby. “MARO” is not known whose voice it is because of the large number of people gathered at this place, but it is suspected that it may be that of Bah Paul.
He said that Bah Wanches Diengdoh is only the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkduk, and he was not elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkduk, as he claimed to be the Rangbah Shnong.
Meanwhile, in the men's category, the competition continues to be fierce.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting in the presence of the PCCF of the Meghalaya Forest Department, one of the members of the committee, Naba Bhatacherjee, said that this is the second meeting of the committee.
In 2014, the LEP was upgraded to the Act East Policy (AEP) which brought about change and transformed the North East.
They are advised to call 108 for instructions on how to do this to ensure that those who have traveled to those countries affected by the disease.
Latest reports close to the BJP said that the party will not promise ticket to anyone but the decision will be taken by the party branches of the constituency who will be given ticket if there are no MLAs or MLAs to join. The party is the foundation of the BJP. The BJP will prepare for the MLA elections in 2023 to be the same for all constituencies in the state. the party branches in the constituencies.
Eddy Kerry Pohtam President of the JSU War Jaintia Hills District, JSU War Jaintia Hills District, said that the discussion today was that not everyone is against the opening of the Tamabil market, but what they are saying is that at present it is not. It is not yet possible to open this market in Tamabil because in Bangladesh too there are many problems.
The chatbot paves the way for farmers to get answers to all their queries related to the scheme and provides instant information.
The East Khasi Hills District Police Squad has informed that the public can inform the police if they have any information regarding the drug traffickers in these areas. numbers , 6009367750 and
Lemon Grass seeds were also distributed to the farmers.
The Chief Minister said that there has been a meeting with the authorities of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC, there has been a meeting with the civil society and MDCs, the government has continued the discussions according to the maps and documents. The Government has approved it in
The arrest of these persons was made after receiving a tip and followed them for some time.
Adhikari said the march was held not only in Shillong but in 150 parts of the world on four continents.
In the men's category, Mawsynram from East Khasi Hills won the title and Jowai from West Jaintia Hills won the women's title.
We also talked about the police touching the MLAs on the first day.
At the Cabinet meeting before the release or approval of the lyrics of the state anthem, BJP Minister AL Hek has strongly confirmed his statement that The State Anthem cannot be released without including the Jaintia Language.
The Government of Meghalaya stands firm in its efforts to create job opportunities to contribute to the desire to receive the best education to develop children from an early age.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force of East Khasi Hills together with Police of Mawryngkneng Police Station on Thursday conducted a search operation at Mawryngkneng Police Station. B. Lallianzama, 36, resident of Law Sib, Madanrting, Shillong, was arrested.
Police have registered a case on the incident and are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the perpetrators.
The death toll from East Jaintia Hills District has risen to 1591 with one death today.
At the same time, in another announcement issued today, the announcement issued on 07/02/2020 in which the Governor of Meghalaya has appointed an Administrator within the KHADC has been cancelled. No, the announcement issued on 13/03/2020 this month has also been cancelled.
The BGB has banned the construction of the Integrated Check Post at Tambil which was laid the foundation stone by the Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju. The BSF has already sent all the drawings to Bangladesh regarding the ICP in Dawki once they have received their approval. can work.
The union strongly condemns those who import foreign workers without checking whether they have proper documents.
Police have registered a complaint at Rynjah Police Station under Nongmynsong Police Outpost and are awaiting the report of the postmortem. NEIGHRIMS. To fight against these acts of violence against women and children, the Minister urged the public to come forward and lodge a complaint if they find any crime.
The union urges the officers of the department to follow the rules and regulations and not to allow anyone to mislead the public by inaugurating Central Schemes which are not part of any leader.
Referring to the HNLC's proposal for peace talks, the Prime Minister said there should be no conditions and if there are conditions it will be difficult to move forward in the talks.
When the opposition left the House without any vote, it was believed that they had withdrawn the motion of no confidence in the EC led by Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, July 8: The Apollo Hospital in Chenai has opened an information center in Shillong for the convenience of the public. how to go to the hospital for treatment.
To say that if the ASHAs want to talk to me, I am ready to talk to them, that shows that only the ASHAs want to talk, while Kong Ampareen doesn't want to have any If you really want to talk to me, you should send me an Official Letter on the date of your meeting.
Shillong, July 12: The Government of Meghalaya has issued a warning to the public on how to avoid the rainy season. who are concerned about protecting themselves because floods can occur after a monsoon especially in areas near rivers and streams.
The NPP Secretary appealed to the people of Warsan Lyngdoh to give their full support to Bah Air Marshall in the 2018 elections.
Superintendent of Police in charge of Traffic in East Khasi Hills District, Bah Banshanbor J. Laloo, while talking to SP News Agency, said that it is impossible to drive a vehicle.
The Road Construction Department of the State Government has imposed restrictions on vehicles carrying goods to pass through the bridge and has deployed police to ensure that the traffic of goods trucks will pass one by one to avoid being affected by the bridge. sales now.
The license for Christian marriage is issued under the Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872 which was passed by the District Council in It is with the form because all the forms have been sent to the church.
The meeting of the BAC will be held to discuss the Budget Session which will start on 16th June 2024 for the fiscal year 2024-2 .
Power Grid won the toss and elected to bat first.
It is there that, since 2000, they have used the Kur Dkhar as their Kur without the permission of the leaders of the Kur Dkhar, which is against the customs and traditions and the right of ownership on the census. The census of the Dkhar Kur as a whole as taught and inherited from the ancestors of the Dkhar Kur.
Dr. Himanta BiswaSarma, Chief Minister of Assam, senior officials from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government and the Government of Assam attended the meeting.
This is a book containing articles and contributions from all parts of the A-WEB group.A-WEB is the largest group of election monitoring groups around the world.
The ceremony was conducted by the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Father John Madur in the presence of other priests.
Police have found that many of the youths are involved in drug trafficking and many have dropped out of school because they have been involved in drug trafficking. immediately.
The total number of students present is 1617.
Shillong, November 16: The ANVC(B) has alleged that the ANVC is still searching for the leaders of the group who have been arrested. Members of the ANVC have tried to kill ANVC(B) leaders at Chandmary Square while they were going to send money through an ATM. The ANVC members had left the scene in a Sumo number ML08 3834 and a Scorpio but the members managed to leave the scene.
Lakmon Talang requested the police to investigate thoroughly and track down the people involved in this crime and punish them according to the law.
He also criticized the leaders and the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. What is the point of demanding the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, when the special day of the nation is not honoured?
Police urge the public to follow this order to help reduce traffic jam in the Mawlai area.
Other office bearers are Mobina Warjri (Finance Secretary), Treasurer, Koting Warjri and Phesting Warjri (advisers), Bankitbok Warjri and Khraw Warjri (auditors) and 25 others. member (Executive Committee).
At the same time, the Minister of Road Construction said that the department will look for ways to address the problems faced by the employees of this government department in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Madanriting Police Station has also expressed its gratitude to the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngniang for taking action and rescuing the girl.
At present, the office lacks doctors but as this work affects the health of the office, they have to send doctors from other places because the doctor in Byrnihat cannot be sent to Byrnihat. Cannabis.
Shillong, November 29: The Rupang Relief Fund for the Poor has distributed household items and clothes to 9 out of 10 poor families from across the country. Khasi-Jaunty.
This may be one of the ways to slow down and reduce the spread of this disease in our State.
The construction of this site has cost about Rs 9 crore so far and it is estimated that by the time the construction of this site is completed it will reach Rs 9 crore, said the CEM of KHADC. The purpose of the center is to assist those who give Khasi medicine, this place will also be a health center and at the same time it will also be a training center for those who want to give Khasi medicine.
There are 369 polling stations in 7 districts for the Shillong (ST) PC and 244 polling stations for the 5 districts of Tura (ST) PC. up to 9 times because it is the highest number of voters.
According to sources, the site of the alleged foundation stone is Sabuda Hawang, about 5 km from Jatalong. The BDO of Umsning said that nothing can be said on the incident.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today announced in the Legislative Assembly to express his condolences on the passing away of Bah Syntar Klas Sunn MLA of Mawphlang. the dorbar is in the middle of the session.
He said that he does not see that the ALL India Trinamul Congress will have such a strong influence on the party. he paid but now he is working.
“The cost of the project is not yet known as they have just started distributing the food items and it is also unknown how much it will cost,” said Prestone.
After the election in 1993, SC Marak became the Chief Minister of Meghalaya until the end of his three-year term in 1998. After the election in 1998, he became the Chief Minister. His election lasted only 13 days and in 2003 he lost the election.
He also urged them to send workers to find out the root cause of the water shortage and said that there are places where the water is flowing while there are other places where there is a shortage of water. to the light.
The letter said that this has affected the traffic and income of the residents and it is also very difficult and painful to go to this block just to get a car, have to You have to wait for hours and sometimes you have to spend thousands of dollars just on transportation or rental, to meet many needs, such as to collect sunscreen and other necessities.
Shillong, July 22: The National People's Party (NPP) has appointed Dr DD Lapang as the Chairman of the North East Coordination Committee (NECC).
He said that the cases which have reached 4 lakh per day have decreased due to the hard work of health workers, state governments and the Central Government.
At this meeting, the banks informed the Chief Secretary that there is no shortage of money and most of the money that has reached the banks is 2,000 tyngka. The banks have also appointed the Chief Secretary and have not talked to the Central Government to deliver the small amounts.
Shillong, Lber 20: The KSU today launched its 40th Anniversary Celebration by marching from the party office to the State Central Library where a public meeting was held to open the ceremony. cover this beginning of a year long celebration.
At the same time, he said that with the ADB funding to 117 schools in the state, these schools will get training centers in the field of computers, Smart Class and digital library.
The Director of Jan Shikshan Sansthan in his speech encouraged the students who have received training from these courses to continue and participate in the training of the Online Tent Service Centre.
Through this complaint registered at Rongjeng PS under Section 386/34 read together with Section 16/184/20 of the U.A(P) Act, the police have conducted a thorough investigation.
The Minister also spoke about the holding of Adi Mahotsav in different parts of the country through TRIFED.
The Minister said the Government has strived to ensure that the youth receive adequate training through programs to enhance their skills.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that by receiving this report, it will show the way how to proceed in the implementation of government schemes for the purpose of moving them forward.
Therefore, we will not have the authority to claim these lands as Meghalaya lands which came into being in
The committee has been directed to send its report to the National President of the party as soon as possible.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Meghalaya Board of Education today announced the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) 2024, in which the pass percentage of students was only 55.80% compared to Last year, only 51.93% of the students passed.
This is the third time that the public hearing has been held on the request of Star Cement to take more land and today, the first and second public hearings were held near Brichyrnot. and all the two times were fulfilled.
The union sends its condolences to the family of the deceased and also sends its condolences to the driver of the truck who was injured and is in hospital.
Samla Banshai urged the department to take immediate action so that it will not cause any problems to the people of the area and said that this incident will force the people to demand that the Government take action. Mawsynram Sub-Division to Division for the convenience of many especially the villages under the jurisdiction of the department.
On the other hand, the civil society groups demand that the government should do something in this regard.
According to sources, police have seized two training centers of the insurgents in the area.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: This is the speech of the President of India on the eve of the celebration of Independence Day. you because we have passed 71 years as an independent country.
Shillong, U Bah BJ Laloo, Chief Superintendent of Police, Shillong, today issued a warning that taxis with the color Jyrngam and White will be banned if found operating inside the city. shall be punished according to the provisions of the M V Act.
Regarding this, the Customs of the North Eastern Circle have also written to Meghalaya to take action on this issue as this will help not only the traders but also the state in which is related to the income of the people of this state and especially the people living around this area.
Although the house caught fire at about 2:00 pm, fortunately no one was injured.
At this meeting, they also discussed how to patrol the border, to protect, to detain, if there is any group that intends to commit crimes and to look into who should think carefully on the border between these countries. two states and to implement the shukti by paying the salary during this election.
The union also discussed and reminded the minister regarding the demands of the union from time to time such as the Meghalaya Education Policy which has been in force for many years, the Engineering College, State. medical college and other issues which the party has been demanding and discussing from time to time.
Shillong, March 23: The Congress Legislative Party today held a meeting at the MLA Hostel to discuss the issues to be raised in the Legislative Assembly in the session which will start on 5th November. 2020.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Pyniaid said that the money received as revenue from the land resources of the District Council is used to pay the salaries of the MDCs and also to the salaries of the MDCs. The total number of employees is less than 800 and the monthly salary has reached Rs 4 crore.
The meeting was attended by the Khasi Students' Union, Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People, Ri-Bhoi Students' Union, Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People, Hynniewtrep National Youth. Front, Garo Students' Union and Hynniewtrep Youth Council and others.
Members of the HYC were seen sitting in the middle of the road carrying placards and shouting slogans on Barik Road in front of the statue of Kiang Nongbah.
Shillong, July 07: The District School Education Officer of SWKH District today issued a directive to all schools in the district to close the school day due to the extreme heat.
The Committee also found that the mortality rate of mothers and infants in rural areas during childbirth is high.
The Prime Minister said the government has sought ways and means to lift the ban on coal mining according to the law.
However, the question is in what form and on what basis were these temporary Directors appointed? Furthermore, how was one appointed for three years, while the others were appointed for five years when there was no mention in the rules? Another question- How does the Lokayukta appoint these officers? Is it politics? Are these officers political appointees?” asked Angela.
The incident occurred at about 2:00 pm and according to the driver of the truck, the cause of the fire is still unknown. This may be due to a short circuit in the wires.
He said that 60% of the funds have been withdrawn but the work has not yet started.
The driver of the tourist taxi said that the two girls had boarded the vehicle from Khanapara on their way from Guwahati. after.
When they met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the answer they received was that the vacancies have been filled.
On the allegation by the police that the ANVC has links with the GNLA, this allegation is groundless.
Shillong, August 11: The SSSS of South West Khasi Hills District has sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to demand that the government should grant the community. and Rural Development Block in Wahkaji area.
At the same time, before receiving a speech from the chief guest who is also the MLA of Jowai constituency, the members of Mukhla Nongrim village through their Secretary Lakhon Sari, submitted a memorandum and a petition to the MLA. They have two issues, one is that they want from the MLA a football ground in the village and a dorbar hall or club house in the village.
There will be a lot of Benami activity within our border,” said Bah Mawrie.
Shillong, July 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 3 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills. .
He said it is the Government's effort to serve Maa Bharati by bringing harmony and in consultation with all to fulfill the aspirations and aspirations of the 140 crore people of India. country.
The Government has transferred the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arunkumar Khembhavi to take over the post of Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. the Deputy Commissioner of this District.
This road near the Syrbang Bridge is still under the Sutnga District and as it is now it is filled with soil and there are also heavy stones along the road which can fall on the road. canoe canoe for.
The AJYWO leader said that in fact the government should take into consideration that besides the health of its citizens, the quality of education for the students. The government should take as much action as possible to ensure that students do not face difficulties in their studies and if they do, The state government has not done this and it is for this reason that hundreds of students from Ri Jaintia are facing problems in Kiang Nangbah Govt. College every year.
He said that the Minister has promised to take action on the issues raised by the party and the Minister has set a date on 10th November, 2023 for a discussion on this issue. .
According to the figures released by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96636 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94967 people have recovered and 94967 people have died. 1622 people so far.
Secretary, Office Secretary, Michael Syiem, Asst Off.
The Seng through this statement questions the State Government, especially the Electricity Department what steps it has taken to resolve the problems in MeECL and as it is now what is the future of MeECL. They demanded that the State Government should take action on the recruitment of MeECL employees and also to release the salaries of MeECL employees. their salaries have not been released.
Speeches were also delivered by the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, Rgh Dipshon L. Nongbri and Phira Sing Warnongbri. Chairman, Cultural Committee of Mawlai.
This was discussed at a recent meeting.
These demands have been pending for many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Answering a question by Heavingstone Kharpran, the Minister of Rural Development, Abu Taher Mondal, said that nine meetings have been held through DISHA this year. .This meeting is to look into the implementation of the schemes of the Central Government through the Rural Development Department where the MPs are the village headmen to convene these meetings to look into the implementation of the schemes of the Central Government. .
Shillong, Nailur 30: Due to the state government's failure to resolve the issues within the EMRI run by GVK in the state, the employees can no longer listen to the government's mismanagement. They today held an indefinite strike by depositing all 43 108 Ambulances at the office at Lawmali.
The HYC said that this will also be a step towards preventing and fighting against the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
Police said the incident happened at Lum Jingtep of the Cathedral Parish on RC Road, Tura near the Bishop's House.
Shillong, July 18: U James K Sangma MLA, Spokesperson of the National People's Party (NPP), today strongly condemned the MUA government for its failure to find the rights of the MUA government. Nurul Islam, a police officer, has been arrested on charges of assaulting two brothers at Amapti Police Station.
And if the government doesn't listen to this, the party will continue with a strong protest until the people get the message.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Although the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has accepted these laws of the government to fight against the infiltration of mynder into Meghalaya, the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) is still pending. Answering a question regarding the railway line, the president of the KSU said that the In a meeting with the government today, the union demands that the construction of the railway line in these Khasi Hills should be suspended.
Regarding the students, the MLA of Mawsynram urged them to be hardworking because in this era of struggle and they should not allow themselves to be defeated if they do so. in this way others will have the opportunity to move forward.
Roykupar said that members of the party also visited the area and found that there are seven tops in the area and four of them have not been covered. ieh since those years ago.
Basumatary has won many awards.
She stressed that the environment should be preserved.
“The reason why he joined the BJP is because he loves his state since he was in the KSU and now he is confident that if the BJP holds power in Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah M.Kharkrang, said in a statement.
Hundreds of vehicles have been stopped on the NH-44E. In this collision, a Maruti truck has stopped in front of a dumper and This has been released from the night.
Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Principal A. Syiemlieh, members of the Managing Committee, teachers and students were present on the occasion.
The CSWO says those in power are playing with the lives and future of deserving youth.
On the other hand, FKJGP leader Danny Shadap said that Dawanbiang Langstang is a thief who has died of conscience, and we don't want such incidents to happen in our area and our nation.
Shillong, July 02: BSF 193 battalion has arrested drug traffickers from Ranikor in the fight against crime and smuggling on the border with Bangladesh. South West Khasi Hills District.
As the President of the party, he urged the members of the committee to be humble in their behavior at all times so that they can become people who know people and know God and can implement the shalyntem of their works in the right path.
On the same day, the Prime Minister will also hand over the 600 MW Kameng Hydro Power Station.
“When we love, we give and when we give, we love,” said the President of the party.
Shillong, July 02: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued Order 144 CrPC which prohibits the sale of Petrol, Diesel in empty bottles or any other items to the public. all petrol pumps in East Khasi Hills District.
This assault on the journalists is a shame and as it is now even the journalists are no longer able to fulfill their duties.
Shillong, July 03: Shillong Police on the occasion of the New Year celebrations have conducted a surveillance to ensure that there will be no violence during the New Year
In this meeting, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has directed the KSU members that if they arrest anyone, they should inform the police.
At the same time, the union expresses its regret over the excessive negligence of the district authorities in this regard as happened during the arrest of drug traffickers in Nonglang village where although the distance is only 2 kms from the District Headquarters. up to 4 hours to the district authorities and come and do what is necessary.
Shillong, Lber 19: Answering a question by Mohendro Rapsang MLA regarding the report on the Harijan Colony, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that the You have not yet received the report from the High Level Committee.
At the same time, the MTTA strongly condemns the perpetrators and urges the police to punish the perpetrators arrested by the police.
Shillong, March 8: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 123 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 1 in East Jaintia Hills. East Khasi Hills 79, North Garo Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 8, South Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 6, West Garo Hills 7, West Jaintia Hills 3 West Khasi Hills and the total number of cases is
On the other hand, all the Sengbhalang who attended the meeting said that they have already decided not to accept the new arrangement and they will wait to see what the District Council and the State Government will do on the issue. and their complaint.
On the allegation that the NPP has collaborated with the BJP, Prestone said that all these allegations are just a political ploy, but the truth is that the NPP is its own party. I have my own Constitution and the BJP is another party.
The seized items were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh from the border in South Garo Hills.
The union will issue a legal notice to the Chairman of NIOS in Noida, UP, the Regional Director in Guwahati and the Nodal Officer in Shillong. and Training (DERT) of the Meghalaya Government and if they cannot respond within 14 days and after 14 days the union will go to the Meghalaya High Court to appeal for the result. “The authorities in charge of this will take responsibility,” said Bah HM Marbaniang General Secretary.
Jeishi, along with other MRB officials. (SP News).
The four persons hid behind the road tops to escape the police, but in the overturning of the truck two of the illegal passengers died shortly afterwards.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Markus Lapasap said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (union) has found this through RTI in Nongpoh on 15th November 2019 and alleged that it is an illegal registration. Out of 12,000 acres, 7,413 acres have been sold to the BSF, which will affect the residents.
Their articles were focused on Yoga and explained how Yoga helps a person in health not only physically but especially mentally.
In his speech, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lyngdoh, said that the presence of this police station will greatly assist the people in these areas.
According to a statement sent by the Ribhoi District Police, on Tuesday evening, police received a tip that three persons identified as Ronand, Daniel and Naba Singh were arrested. They met at a farm house in Lumkeni village, Umran, Ri-Bhoi to sell drugs.
The fee has not been paid since 1973 and the reason is that the Meghalaya government has not set up a committee till today.
At the meeting, the Chairman of the NSB said that India is looking for ways and means to allow ships from eastern Bangladesh to Assam.
Other speakers included Pastor (Rev) F Sancley, Bah J Wahlang and Bah OS Thangkhiew. They said that the village still needs many assistance from the government to make the Center Village a model village, such as footpaths, village roads and others.
The MLA results today in the state show that the people have not allowed any party to rule alone, but the government that will come in the next three years will be the government. khleh khaw lang so that the parties will have the power to speak.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister acknowledged that the meeting was fruitful as the Union Minister promised to assist the state government to improve the health sector in Meghalaya.
Answering a question regarding the men who marry non-Khasis, Bah Shylla said that the EC has received many complaints in this regard and the EC will look into this. it is not a danger, because a man if he gets a woman by someone else has to only seed, unlike a woman who takes the seed.
The BJP's goal when it comes to power is to bring about changes in agriculture to increase income and how to market agricultural products.
The Seng will take all necessary measures to ensure that the Government will abolish the personal interview,” said the statement.
Among the demands discussed to be sent to the government are to demand the government to set up a Farmers Commission, to declare 2019 as the Year of Farmers, to provide seeds, to implement the Trade Act. to introduce the Agriculture Policy, to set prices and not to increase the price of agricultural products, to forgive the debts of farmers and others.
This shows that the Yatra was a success and fruitful and also united the people across the country in one objective of Viksit Bharat.
The performances of several singers from the region and northern Punjab were another highlight of the festival.
“We have received information that there are some false news and false news spread on Social Media regarding the incident on 27.03.2024 at Ichamati.
The raid was conducted by the State Police and BSF after receiving a tip that someone had smuggled kwai supari at the border with the intention of smuggling it to Assam. The kwai Supari was handed over to the Rongra Police Station. to do what is right.
The house which was affected by the fire on 18.01.2014, was the house of ma Elsing Tongper and he lost his son (L) Kevin Sutnga.
The first foundation stone of the PHC was laid by former Chief Minister Dr FA Khonglam, and the second foundation stone of the same PHC was laid by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Nongrum. in the year
Recalling that the Institute is within the boundary of KHADC, Bah Synrem said that it is necessary for those non-residents who are employed at NEIGRIHMS to get the Trading License from KHADC. “It was found that the Store & Procurement Section of NEIGRIHMS has not laid down the rules and regulations for the sale of tenders. and any person involved in failing to comply with the requirements for obtaining a Trading License from the KHADC shall be punished by the Institute.
During the inspection, it was found that the company has started operating since
The video shows that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Samgma, in one of the villages in Shillong, got out of his car to arrange for people to stand at a distance of one meter from each other in places. daily food.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The District Administration on Tuesday visited the Jeep Stand in Mawlong Market to put numbers on the shops.
The reason for this change is that the people are in great danger and the only people who take their descent from their mother are the Khasi and Garo on this earth.
He also requested the state government to release and lift the rules and regulations imposed by the members and leaders in order to restore peace and order once again and urged the government to call for talks. to the political parties to reach an agreement.
The Magistrate and Police were accompanied by the Magistrate and Police to ensure that the march from Motphran to Khyndailad did not cause any incident and the march ended as directed. the authorities of the District Administration.
Speaking to the youth, the Prime Minister urged them and the youth of the country to take advantage of the freedom and quality education through the National Education Policy-2
Sarita has appeared for the MLA election in Mawlai Constituency in 2018. The candidates are Bah PT Sawkmie from the Congress party, the incumbent MLA Bah Shillong, Nailar 29: The KHNAM Youth Wing today held a placard in front of the Secretariat to express its support for the party. They protested against the government's failure to take a decision on the demand to increase the age limit for employment to 40 years.
On the other hand, the Shnongknor of the House has directed the members of the House that those who support this article and do not trust the Shnongknor of the House should stand in their seats to be counted. em to the majority according to this rule.
The Prime Minister informed the House that the government now earns from coal, besides selling coal, it also earns from tax and also from GST because the government has acted according to the rules laid down. He said that there are also civil society organizations that are monitoring this.
This policy is a reflection of the unique timing of the CBC's work to provide information on schemes, programs and issues of the Government of India in line with changes in the media industry and the increasing use of digital ways to get information.
It is to be recalled that yesterday four people were on board the boat and it overturned. Two women escaped by swimming. Julias tried to rescue her son but she was caught in the boat. tragic event.
These candidates are John Leslee K Sangma from the 51st South Tura Assembly Constituency, Silman N Marak from the 41st Sognsak Constituency and Drossing Ramsiej from the 36th Mawkyrwat Constituency.
THS Bonney said that the residents were shocked to learn that it will take more than two months to get a new transformer. He also asked whether the electricity or transformer in the city especially in the house of the Chief Minister, Governor or Chief Officer of the State will take up to 2 months to get a transformer. bathymmai?The failure to provide new transformers to the villagers is an insult and discrimination against the villagers and the poor.
On these allegations, the BSF has produced evidence to prove their claims.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the country has risen to 724. The number of cases in East Garo Hills is 6, East Jaintia Hills is 16, East Khasi Hills is 6, North Garo Hills 15, Ri Bhoi 33, South Garo Hills 31, South West Garo Hills 44, West Garo Hills 439, West Jaintia Hills 29, West Khasi Hills
The Prime Minister said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 will have a negative impact on the North East of India and this will bring about unrest in the entire region. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, July 01: Air Marshal Anil Khosla today was sworn in as the Chief of Staff of the Eastern Air Command.
Some of them expressed that they are suffering because of the illness and all the expenses they have to spend on treatment.
Reading in the daily newspapers which provide adequate services to the citizens of the State, it was seen that the Prime Minister has promised to increase his opposition to the protests of the Sengbhalang on The basis for demanding from the government the right to protection from the invasion of foreigners to own the trade, land and shyiap even in government jobs etc. JYF President P.Majaw said the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma has decided to pass a law against the political parties for their continuation of the night curfew. The government has forced the Sengbhalang to protest because of the attitude of the Prime Minister which has started to ignite the courageous spirit of the Sengbhalang leaders to force the government.
Shillong, July 10: Two leaders of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit, Johny Sohkhlet, President of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit and Readyon Stone Nongrum, General Secretary of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit, have been arrested. They were arrested on 29/11/2013 on charges of involvement in the burning of Bisheshwar Das under the MPDA. Bisheshwar Das of Bishnupur, Shillong has lost his life in this incident.
It is not right for me to name but some of them have done well.
Before the launch of the Job Guidance and Career Counselling Programme, a briefing on the topic of Current Job Alert and List of Govt.
Hundreds of villages have to pass through this road, because the whole of South West Khasi Hills passes through this road, residents of Mawsynram constituency pass through this road and only those who fall under Mawphlang constituency pass through this road. spirit that spirit phew three times.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister promised the farmers that the government will purchase milk and besides that the government will provide training to the youth on how to produce food from milk.
The explanation on the portal has been given to all the States/UTs at the first and second meetings before its opening which was held in November and April.
The Additional Chief Secretary to the State Health Department, PW, has expressed his satisfaction to receive the Amrit Pharmacy inside the Hospital.
In a statement sent by the two organizations, they said that they will now listen to the voice of the people and not to these officers who are the ruling government.
Dr. LR Bishnoi requested the cooperation of the media to disseminate information to the public regarding the dangers of drugs.
The first candidate for the election was Ampareen Lyngdoh from the Shillong East Constituency. Lyngdoh from Mawphlang Diengiei Constituency of the UDP, both of whom are Ministers in the MUA government. Others who have filed their nominations today are former Minister PN Syiem from Mawphlang Diengiei Constituency. Telinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem constituency has filed her nomination papers as independent candidates.
He was later sent to Jammu and Kashmir when insurgency began to spread in the state. He was in Baramula, Kupwara and Sopore.
Police have seized a Maruti Alto and four mobile phones.
“The CEC has also approved the recommendation of the Organizing Committee to build an office of the party and the work will start soon as the party does not have an office yet. The meeting was held several times at the residence of the President, Bah HS Lyngdoh.
These foreigners were arrested by the police this morning and the police are conducting a thorough investigation to verify their ethnicity and how they arrived in Mawlai. They came from Nongjri and intended to go to Dhubri Assam, which Mawlai Nongpdeng did not agree with their route.
Shillong, March 20: The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, will deliver his speech in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly at 4 pm.
Bah Kit Shangpliang as the leader of the group said, “We have been on the road for more than 15 years and we have been made aware that the music of our Khasi Hills has grown so well that it is needed. to provide the best equipment in the world and help improve this model, until we recorded these songs at Yaj Raj Films Studios, one of the best studios in the world.
The meeting urged them to return to the home of the ethnic parties but if they do not, they will intensify the protests in these days.
Speaking as President of the National People's Party (NPP) at the meeting, Conrad said the party, which has one MP from Tura, supports Narendra Modi as the leader of the party. The NDA to take over the post of Prime Minister of the country.
They demanded that the KHADC should immediately summon the Syiem of Jirang Hima and explain why the Boundary Committee has decided to set the boundary. The Assam government has refused to sell while the talks are ongoing.
Bah Kylla said that this announcement today is on behalf of all those who have passed the MTET examination that the government will expedite the appointment of them as full time teachers as the government has agreed to do. complete this task by conducting this examination.
The JSU leaders said that this is only the beginning and the JSU will hold a meeting with the Union Waheh Chnong Jowai, Union Waheh Chnong Jaintia and other elaka or village authorities and civil society groups. pher and other voluntary groups to come up with a decision on the nuit remaining in Jowai to find a way to bring it back to a suitable place.
These government bills have expired as they could not be brought into the House due to the Lok Sabha elections.
Officials of the Electricity Department and Kharkutta MLA Rupert G Momin were also present on the occasion.
The UGC will issue orders and regulations for Career Progression and APIs.
In a statement signed by Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, the HNLC said: “The HNLC is pleased to inform you that 17.08.1948 is a dark day in the history of Hynniewtrep when the IOA & AA was implemented and enacted by the authorities in Delhi through the Governor, General of India Chakravarti Rajagopalchari. There was a strong opposition from the king and the high court at that time.
He said that the District Council has three branches, the Executive, the Legislative and the Judicial.
The Chief Minister said that he is delighted that despite many difficulties, they have been able to complete the first 22.5 MW power plant in Garo Hills. Hills on the map of India in terms of electricity generation.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Meghalaya government has opened a new police station in Ri Bhoi District, Umsohlait Police Station, to improve the service delivery to the people.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Congress candidate from Shillong West, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, who will contest the MLA election in 2018, has lodged a complaint with the police on the 17th of this month at 1.30 pm. At 10:30 pm, someone stole the CCTV camera installed in front of his office at Lower Mawprem Village Centre.
Agnes also accused the police of not registering a complaint against the village leader. She said that if the police do not do anything, she will lodge a complaint in court.
Answering a question, Charles Pyngrope said that he wants to contest for the Shillong Parliamentary seat against George B Lyngdoh but for the Tura Parliamentary seat, he leaves it to the discretion of TMC Parliamentary Party Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma did not do what was necessary.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: To protest against the Central Government's plan to implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a placard rally on the President's Road. to attend NEHU in the Golflink area.
Others, Mosjo R Wanswet, Adrian Lambert C Mylliem and Feneral Lyngdoh Nonglait, have joined the Congress party today. They were welcomed by MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. Speaking to the party workers at the meeting, Vincent H Pala said that as a party in the MLA elections in 2023 elections will be held with hard work and the party will go hand in hand according to the same sources.
A group of journalists who visited Lad Umroi in an interview with the drivers of trucks carrying food items expressed their dissatisfaction with the turning away from Lad Umroi where the MVIs were not allowed to pass. through the Damsite Bridge.
Shillong, July 18: The sale of calendars of the State Government will start from tomorrow morning at the office in Lachumier.
Apart from the withdrawal of T.3,527 crore, the revenue is expected to be T.23,545 crore.
Speaking to reporters, the President of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills Unit, Kenes Nonglait said that the main reason is to introduce poultry and piggery farming in Mawkyrwat. and the low meat production is due to the lack of pasture, which leads to an increase in the price of beef.
On the opening day of the Meghalaya Games 2019-20, five of the 14 events will be held tomorrow.
After the ceremony, the Lyngdoh Sohblei blessed the cemetery accompanied by the relatives who also held a prayer for the relatives who passed away during the day.
Ranighat, Moipara, Rangsapara, Kamphaduli, Athiabari, Umsaitwait, Balapara (Nongshyiap), Sohmarang, Nongdron, Noapara, Megadop, Mawkhrang, Waregro, Banjeng, Lejadubi, Bassimpara, Bassimpara, Malapara, Chisiangsih Khasi Salbari, Maspara, Upper Kijiang, Thunaguri, Upper Rangsa.
Shillong, July 16: Shillong Police have arrested two persons suspected of involvement in the murder of a mother in Laban. you have not committed murder.
The pressure to remove the DC is only from those who have the right to vote.
The Minister said that the purchase of shynrai from Lakadong does not mean that people want to buy shynrai from Lakadong, but the purchase of shynrai from Lakadong is because of the power. The medicine that is in the shynrai does not come from the lakadong.
The arrear is due to the salary increase of SSA teachers since 1st June 2016 and the total arrear is T.89.51 crore, of which the government has paid T.38.35 crore in The remaining amount is T.51.15 crore.
At the same time, the Seng requests the cooperation of all the residents of the village to give their full support to the Seng so that we can continue to achieve these goals. The interest of the people in many areas especially in the development of the country.
However, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent its staff to schools and villages to educate the public before the start of the Measles Rubela vaccination on the 24th. This month which is the program of the Central Government.
Dr. MM Talang, Joint Director, Health Service, Dr. SS Nongbri, DMHO, Jowai, Dr. (Mrs.) L. Challam, Medical Superintendent, Jowai, Dr. S.S. Sumer, Gynaecologist, Dr. (Mrs) V. Laloo, in charge of the MCH Officer and other officials.
I am now on my way to Gasuapara to meet my family to discuss this.
In this tournament, the girls' team of Meghalaya also won the title in the second position as the team with the best performance in all aspects.
Shillong, July 30: The Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today submitted a letter to the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD Road in Shillong, regarding the issue of Construction and improvement of bridges in the Nanbah Nongstoin River.
The MHRC has seen an article in one of the newspapers published in the state that there are lines of people who have been burnt to death in East Garo Hills District.
There are 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 18 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
NPP National President Conrad K Sangma will welcome new members to the party on Tuesday.
Due to the absence of police patrolling at night, the illegal immigrants could not be arrested,” he said.
Not only this, the decision will also help to address the shortage of nearly 22 lakh drivers in transport and related sectors, which hampers its growth.
All the five MLAs who will step down tomorrow morning will join the NPP at a public meeting to be held on the 4th of July at Madan Polo.
The exhibition was welcomed by the Indian Cultural Centre, Embassy of India, Kathmandu and Bah Raphael Warjri of Riti Academy of Visual Arts who is currently in Kathmandu. be a damdar to promote the culture of the North Eastern Region of India.
In this letter, the government has shown that it is ready to implement the ILP in the state as a whole.
The public should also not be misled by protesters demanding the Government to scrap one illegal act and replace it with another illegal act," she added.
This issue will be discussed at the meeting to be held on that day.
Shillong, Nailar 03: On the remarks of 19-Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he should think before commenting because it is not the decision of AL Hek. it is the decision of the Government.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the government has conducted 343 raids and has done this. The places where the raids have been conducted are in Iewduh, Laitumkhrah and Iew Rynjah.
The Chief Minister said that those who have already been vaccinated once have other difficulties but those who have already been vaccinated twice have been helped. The Prime Minister urged the people to come forward and get vaccinated. The Government of India has allowed the 18 years old to get vaccinated.
One of them is Ikong Philemon Lyngdoh whose house was destroyed and she came to live with her young son.
Thousands of devotees took part in the Holy Mass and in the procession which started from the church and went around Lumshyiap village and ended at the church in Pynthorbah with the blessings of the Buddhist monks. the sacrament is not clean.
There are also cases where the meter reading is incorrect.
All of them are residents of Madanriting.
Police have urged the public to refrain from such posts on social media in order to bring peace and order in Shillong as soon as possible.
He said that those who accuse the Congress of being a ship that has fallen, those who come to stand in line to join the party, he said that he will write a letter to join the Congress party. .
As the Leader, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang while speaking to the media said, “The hard work and exercise of rights of the youth of the State through the talents that God has given and blessed them has never been done before. I urge them to continue to work harder and have a fighting spirit.
Shillong, July 04: The Border Security Force (BSF) has allocated land to the workers who maintain the road from Dangar to Mawsynram under the Mawsynram Police Station.
This road will help reduce traffic between the North East and other parts of India.
About 10,000 people took part in the tournament, including players, officers, volunteers and assistants.
The protest was to protest against the government's mismanagement in many areas, including the acquisition of land by the tribals, the unemployment of the youth. They have passed their examinations and the government should implement the ILP in the state to protect the minorities.
He said that many times he has sent a letter to the Directors to create another Sub-Division in Ranikor and to upgrade Mawsynram Sub-Division to the status of Division but all this has failed. remained without a clear answer.
He said that the EC is also concerned about this issue and in fact they should follow the meetings of the office. .
Shillong, Nailar 06: Meghalaya Police and BSF have seized 24,000 kilos of kwai sopari from the Bangladesh border in Rongra, South Garo Hills District. .
Belief in Adwait, said Myntri Rangbah Duh, will emphasize the unity of all creation and this belief will be the way to resolve the current conflicts.
However, the sad thing is that despite the government's concerns about the influx of inter-state and inter-district people, nearly 50 people have come to Guwahati for weddings.
Regarding the JHADC, the PCCF said that it has completed the working scheme on how to manage the forests under the jurisdiction of the JHADC. .
He said that the BJP government in power in the country and the state has not taken any action on the peace talks and especially on the election promises that are most relevant to them. He also expressed his regret that the State Government and the Central Government have not taken action on this issue.
According to the employees of MTC, the government has decided to remove the Managing Director, A.Nikhla, from the corporation. because during my tenure as MD the MTC has started to revive.
The task ahead is to bring peace to the people on the border, said the newly appointed IG of BSF.
Shillong, November 16: Two persons were seriously injured in a collision between a bike and a sumo at Mawlai Marten this morning.
“In this regard, the Union has sent another letter to the Director to take immediate action by 5th July
Until the arrival of the vehicles from the DC's office, the members of the union will leave the Mawiong COVID check point at 12.45 pm on 21/8/2
Police bombed, tied and tortured Sankhmer in various ways until he died and was taken to hospital.
Referring to the time, the Prime Minister said that he cannot announce because there are some rules which they cannot make public but they will announce in due course what they have decided.
At the meeting, the Air Marshal of the EAC explained that at the meeting of the OC of Mawngap and the Rangbah Shnongs, these documents were ordered to be written by the higher authorities of the Armed Forces throughout India. .
Shillong, November 23: The Chief Election Commissioner of India, AK Joti, on Tuesday said that candidates contesting the MLA election can spend only up to T.20 tyngka. Election Commission of India.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Director in charge of the festival, Rittick Sharma Tamuli, said that this festival will be the first time in Meghalaya. that riew don't have a sap in your jain.
As a sign that we as a group want and desire unity against CAA and to demand ILP, we have decided that COMSO will attend the meeting tomorrow (6.02). .2020) at Student Square, which was called by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The income of Assam is 67,620, which is low compared to the national average of 1,03,8
The readers are also expected to comment if there is a lymbiang explanation and to give accurate suggestions in order to contribute more such words in order to contribute to the development of Khasi literature.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The JSU Raliang Unit together with the JSU-Laskeiñ Block Circle today alleged that the PWD Department of Shangpung North Division has mismanaged the village road which falls under the jurisdiction of the village. Rally.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The death toll from COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills has risen to 24, with 19 deaths in East Khasi Hills and 5 in West Jaintia Hills. 459 people.
The HYC will continue to monitor this issue. They understand the problems of the people especially those who should have received the money but they want to withdraw the money they have already deposited there. HYC Nongstoin Circle General Secretary Bah Redyfernandy Sun said that the project has been implemented in other areas.
The Seng leaders, after leaving the police station, said that the reason for their summons was on the complaint filed by a man who allowed foreigners to work in Sohiong. The Seng has gone to check on these contractors who do not have proper documents and who have not received permission from the village authorities.
Mawdiangdiang, Naiwieng 06: Remember what you have taken when you do your daily duties, said the Minister in charge of Home Civil Defense and Home Guards, Deborah Ch Marak.
According to the West Garo Hills Police Chief, the two children are under 18 years of age.
: East Khasi Hills District Police have launched a thorough investigation to track down the suspects involved in the murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village, Sohra Civil Sub-division. , East Khasi Hills District.
In preparation for this evening, they held a water ceremony to welcome the President. The ceremony was supervised by the Governor to ensure that it will be adequate.
He said that they have witnessed that while the trucks were passing through the area, the landslide was still severe. On this basis, the union demands that the vehicles carrying heavy loads should be banned from passing through the area. you are afraid.
The robbery took place in Sohiong township in a Maruti car without a number plate. They stole T.69,320/- amount.
u Celius Biam (INC) in the city,4
Tura, Nailur 25: The 39th Hundred Drums Wangala Festival of the Garo people will be held at Asananggre, 18 kms from Tura. of November
The responsibilities are heavy and I am not ready to leave them,” he said.
It is for this reason that we have written to the governments of the North East to demand that they should talk to the central government that the universities in the North East should open them. teaching in all respects.
Shillong, June 26: Police of Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District have arrested Rudra Rabha, suspected to be the leader of a gang of robbers on 24/4/2 The court will hear on 25/4/2
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The 40 days dam closure in East Khasi Hills District will start at 8.00 pm. People around Shillong today have been able to buy food items. the house is built.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 20: The blue color and widespread death of fish has happened again in Wah Lukha this year which started again on Thursday afternoon.
Bashai Rai Dohling is an animation artist at the Government of India in Bombay. Bashai Rai Dohling is an animation artist at the Government of India in Bombay. Bah Mainsing Shanspru is a member of the Directorate of Information & Public Relations, Government of Meghalaya.
The chief guest at the ceremony was Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, Chief Executive Member of the HYC. the country and the nation.
The registration of candidates will start from 01 July
The Government has also, according to information received, punished those residents of Umkdait who came forward by arresting and filing cases against them which is very sad.
Kong Pyrngap has saved the lives of many people during the time of trouble.
These schemes, which he found through RTI, are CMSRDF, CRRP, ISCDP, ISYDP, DTFM and SRWP. T.8.17 crore The ambulance which was purchased at a cost of T.5.5 lakh, confirmed by Bah Marbaniang that it is not within the constituency.
In his speech, Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA of this area said that the village officials will now have a place to set up offices and it will be a place to run the village in a proper manner.
Police are still searching for those who committed this crime. Police have said that they will not release them and they are confident that they will be arrested. you're bad.
Up to 30 village officials attended the briefing to listen to the three new laws relating to robbery, how to enforce the laws. bad.
Replying to a question on the speech of Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, one of the Congress MLAs, Dr Mukul said that all the Congress MLAs are united and there is no difference within the party. no, what is said is her statement.
In the language as it is spoken, read, written and written, it is translated from the new language and there are many languages ​​that have been translated into the original language after being adopted from time immemorial. and other communities.
He said that the government has already taken one of the measures to protect the people by introducing the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act. which also talks to all the political parties in the state.
Jowai, June 24: The Executive Committee of the Seng Khihlang Samla will meet on 27.04.2014 at 10:00 AM at the office of the Seng Khihlang at KR Complex Motphran near the office of Kynjatshai Daily Newspaper.
“I cannot change what I have signed, according to this map, this land has been given to the Khasi Seng to build a cemetery. inside the Raid area".
According to the information received, many Khasi medicine vendors have submitted applications to the KHADC for recognition from the KHADC, but due to the lack of rules, they have not been able to apply. the recognition of Khasi medicine practitioners under this Act.
In his speech, Bah Manstudy Nongrem said, “I am sorry and it is unpleasant to see that the opposition is not in the House. see that the opposition is in the council.
At present, only one policeman from Meghalaya has been at this special training centre.
Goel’s term will expire till 2027.
There are 71 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 46 from East Garo Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from East Garo Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. 1, the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to
Jowai, Nailur 08: The Karbi Pnar Peace Committee (KPP) has requested the Chief Minister of Assam to set up a Police Out Post at Khanduli to curb crime. Chesong English High School for the benefit of 38 villages in the area where most of the households come from poor families and other demands from the Assam government.
This is not the first time that the Assam Government has attacked and shot dead people on the border. The main reason is because the Meghalaya Government is weak.
The meeting discussed the problems of the residents when the Smit market is closed, but the residents want to close it first because there are also villagers who work inside the Bethany Hospital Shillong, at the same time. market cannot be prevented from gathering people.
The government has lodged a complaint with the High Court but due to the signing of the soskular, the High Court has not given a decision to assist the State Government. - crore after counting and the fines to be paid has reached T.665/- crore.
Samla Pynskhemlang W Uriah in an interview with Batesi TV said that JETS 24×7 has received its permit from the Government on October 1, 2024 and now as a service provider to the people of Shillong has been able to improve its services to the people in terms of travel and transportation around Shillong.
The monthly payment of EMs, MDCs and employees of JHADC is about T.7 crore more or less per month. There are 1400 employees and 300 teachers in the JHADC and the monthly expenditure is less than Rs 9 crore. salary of T.42 crore in these six months.
BSF Meghalaya troops on Tuesday seized a truck carrying sugar bearing the number plate ML 04 C
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, President, SAM, said that despite the lack of own space, he is confident that the Government will create the opportunity to get its own practice space and The President, SAM, said that the SAM has started looking for ways through discussions with strategic experts to give advice on how to improve the quality of shooting. to attract sponsorships due to the low cost of shooting equipment and to get their own shooting practice ground as soon as possible.
To avoid the threat of bih from these areas, the union has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should appoint an Independent Expert Inquiry Investigation Agency to determine the impact if these uranium mines collapse. At any time, she demanded that these uranium waste dumps should be immediately closed down and to ensure that these sites will not burn again.
“Our new spirit of innovation will achieve the vision of a developed India by 2047,” Modi said.
The BSF troops are in charge of Mangkachar area on the Assam-Bangladesh border but have their base in Tura.
There are a total of 65 immersed gods.
Jowai, July 10: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body in a statement issued today expressed its regret over the government's failure to implement its promises for the to protect the precious souls who are in the midst of illness, who need to get blood in an emergency through the blood bank here in jowai This government is proud to have completed a short period of time without completing it.
Shillong, Nailur 03 : In 2009, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sought through RTI how many non tribals who have studied MBBS from Meghalaya from 1991 to 2009 have returned to serve the state.
In this regard, the Association informs all teacher trainees to submit their documents belonging to NIOS and bring them by 22nd at
The film will be shown at Galleria Anjalee Cinema from Tuesday.
The initiative, which started from Khunti, Jharkhand, on 15th November, 2023, is specific to rural areas and has now been extended to cover both rural and urban areas.
On the closing ceremony of the celebration, Inderjit Singh Rana, IG BSF Meghalaya congratulated all the students who took part in the celebration and distributed prizes to the winners and he encouraged the students with his speech.
Interestingly, the party despite the difficulties it is facing has started to recover in West Khasi Hills where it has won four seats. fine.
The KSU urges the government to send all the posts to the DSC or MPSC and not to hide them in the Civil Hospital so that the DSC or MPSC can do whatever is necessary to issue advertisements and call for interviews. so that the youth who are eligible for employment can enter as employees within the Civil Hospital.
Bah D.Nongbri said that so far 29 teams have confirmed to participate in this tournament.
The Director of Arts and Culture, MW Nongbri, Mukul Dev were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Mother's Day was celebrated at Raj Bhavan on Saturday with the participation of many mothers.
Speaking to reporters, he said that such an attempt will be temporary, but they will try to lead the youth who have gone astray to turn around, as they have led Bah Junel Tongper. The DIG of BSF Shillong Frontier said that in 2021, 155 persons have been arrested for violating the rules on the border with Bangladesh. 89 cases are from India, 63 cases from Bangladesh, 2 cases from Nigeria and 1 case from Africa.
The party urges the leaders to remember such stars of the nation.
At present, there are only two sub-Inspectors to drive the vehicles.
Iewduh, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that one of his employees, Rajesh Barua, has misused T.28,86,810/- tyngka.
The Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka has also urged the visitors from the state to maintain order, not to gather lymbung, to maintain dignity and especially not to throw garbage, bottles or plastic in these places. place of entertainment.
She said that the political parties should not take advantage of this case to bring it to the election polls.
Livingson Dkhar Sama President Khliehriat Circle and South Border Zone President Ajoymenson Lyngdoh together with members of the party visited the entry and exit gate. through the Jaintia Hills.
There are 4 recoveries, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92,0
At the meeting, the entire House, ie all the members of the CEC, agreed to admit Iashanborlang Mukhim, Leader of KSU Malki Circle, to the CEC.
“We cannot talk about the backwardness of this road for decades to talk only in Nongpoh Constituency, but even in my Constituency (Mawhati Constituency) the destruction of Mawrong Road is no longer to be talked about.
On the other hand, the magistrate who went to the area asked the ministers and the residents said that there is no such thing and from above the tank also farmers, farmers, cows eat what comes out is not good. “In fact, what is not there now is like what is underground and has not been affected,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
During the seizure of these smuggled goods, the BSF did not arrest anyone as the smuggling was at night and the smugglers fled as soon as they saw the BSF arriving. steal to escape arrest.
These decisions were taken at a meeting of the MBCC held under the chairmanship of Irene Lyngdoh president and in the presence of Bah Wos Marbaniang and other office bearers of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The number of cases of COVID-19 in Mawphlang CHC and BDO of Mawphlang Block has increased to
French, Chinese, Indonesian, Tibetan, Burmese, Baluchi, Arabic, Pashtu, Persian, Dari and Swahili are the foreign languages ​​produced by the programme. teams so far in the program.
–: means a reading and writing machine that can sit on the floor.
Until further notice by the Meghalaya High Court, the Syiem of Sohra Hima and the Dorbar will not dispute anything,” said the Syiem.
It is exactly like having no Dorbar Shnong or Dorbar Raid.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, who accompanied the Vice President of India at the 6th Ceremony of IIM Shillong, was present at the ceremony. Upper Shillong, Minister of Home Affairs James K Sangma.
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that the police have taken Rudra to court on the 25th of this month. Police have remanded him for five days for further investigation.
The public meeting to inaugurate these schemes for the benefit of the people was held by Bah Joy Rynjah Secretary Laban Village. village.
Shillong, Lber 16: Leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) met with the newly appointed Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports of the State Government today at his office.
The team from the State to participate in the 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 has been sponsored by the State Government through the Sports Department of the State Government, said Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang in a statement.
Hundreds of youths from Mawsynram and Khappud Border Area villages attended the meeting.
He added that cleaning protocols and COVID-related protocols should be followed and people can buy food from shops inside the theatres.
The high level committee was led by retired IAS AK Mangotra, retired IPS DK Pathak and former BSF DG Dr Abdul Mannan.
The incident occurred on Sunday while the mother and children were having dinner at Bethany and Civil Hospital Nongpoh. it's about 10 o'clock in the morning.
They should be an inspiration to other women in their area and across the country.
A 12-year-old Naga girl from Class-VII village in West Jaintia Hills District has been attacked by a 31-year-old robber from a village in West Jaintia Hills District. Mairang village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District until she was injured.
On this occasion, the Seng has been able to visit and congratulate this young man at his residence. The Seng has expressed its pleasure to see that among the list of 31 candidates, go and train yourself for the preparation of this.
It is estimated that more than 1000 cows have died in
The HITO leaders in the meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, also sought clarification on the issuance of NoC by the R&R Colony Welfare Society to foreigners to obtain Trading License from the KHADC. to set up shops in different parts of the boundary of Rynjah.
He has left the Congress party for more than 10 years and is now preparing to contest the MLA election in 2018 from the BJP from Shella Constituency. You will receive your victory in
These have been expanded to help people overcome the challenges caused by this pandemic.
The Chief Minister said that in the speech of the Governor, not all the issues have been included but only the main issues have been written. speech of the members of the House but what they said was in writing.
Jowai, Jymmang 08: The KSU Sahsniang Unit has held the 3rd Maitshaphrang Upliftment Programs 2014 and also the awards ceremony for the students who passed the 1st Division in the SSLC & HSSLC 2013 on the 6th of this month at Little Flower Secondary School. Sahsniang B.This program is part of the promotion of education and to encourage the students of the area to have a spirit of struggle to improve in the field of education in the area.
The 113th General Assembly of the Senglang ki Nongmane Wei Blei started from 8th to 10th June
Today, the meeting was held in the presence of the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem and even the beef vendors in Motphran. kyndang today.
ed.
Regarding the agreement between the MHIS and the four hospitals in the state which have not yet signed the agreement, Super Care, Woodland, Bethany and Children Hospital. The office is still in talks with them, said Bah Lari Rymbai.
Regarding this incident, the KSU said that the government should take responsibility because there are many unemployed youth in the state. youth and causes a lack of confidence because of the powerful behavior of the leaders.
The total expenditure is T 44.90 lakh crore.
“We want the Government to empower the villages to fight against the spread of drugs by issuing a notice as the Village Level Committee on Drug Abuse so that the villages can fulfill that role,” he said. don't say.
Angela Rangad said that their protest will be a protest throughout the state and it is the right of the people to oppose these laws which are against human rights.
The protest was led by Adrian Chyne Mylliem and Vice President Banphira Basaiawmoit in the presence of other members of the party.
Shillong, July 15: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LNS Dykes today met with all those groups who oppose the opening of trade to Bangladesh in Amlarem.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that such a meeting is the first between Meghalaya and Bangladesh. the court between these two countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has expressed its strong opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) 2016 Bill of the Central Government. Afghans who have illegally settled in India.
The group also met with the Commandant of the Home Guard Department to request the office where he works not to consider recruiting another member of the family as this family is in trouble. They also urged her to expedite the payment of what she should have received from the office.
In 2018, the Government of Meghalaya declared July 22 as Thomas Jones Day.
Silbi Passah will be the second resident of Riatsamthiah to be selected for the award. Earlier, Silverine Swer was the first woman in Riatsamthiah to receive the award. As an encouragement to the students, the Seng Samla Shnong Umpling on Thursday honored 13 youths of the village who have completed their studies at various levels.
The decision to reduce the salary of MLAs was taken at a Cabinet meeting where MLAs will receive only T.2.02 lakh from T.2.10 lakh per month. This was done by introducing a bill in the House.
"The Union Minister in charge of Culture and Tourism, G Kishan Reddy, the Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting and Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Singh Thakur, and Secretary, Ministry of Tourism, Govind Mohan attended the meeting with the media.
The ParikshaPeCharchaka is part of a larger initiative led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring about a stress-free environment for children and youth.
The UDP has no reason to tell the people in the election campaign that the UDP supports the ARPA and the UDP has given its full support to the ARPA in the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council. “KHADC should be ruled by the ethnic parties,” said Bah Dohlieng and we want ARPA to continue for the next three years.
The committee was led by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency in the presence of several MLAs. North Shillong, Wailadmiki Shylla, Jowai MLA, Miani D. Shira, Ampati MLA, Rambrai MLA, Damanbait Lamare, Umroi MLA and Arbinstone B. Marak, Umroi MLA. Selsella Constituency.
He said that the robbers took him to Harisabha and shot him there.
Referring to the members of the committee to elect the head, he said one of them is the Chief Justice of the Guwahati High Court, the Speaker of the House and the Leader of the Opposition.
Madanrting Police Station has registered a case under the IPC and the case number is 44(6)
Your absence from the meetings of the party has prevented the party from seeking clarification from you on many issues, and is also a violation of Article XX (3) of the party's constitution.
At 3.27 pm, police found these bullets buried in the ground from Chibokgre forest. These bullets were seized by the Chokpot Police in the presence of witnesses.
Through the objectives of this goal, many steps have been taken to develop the state, such as the establishment of universities, the opening of many colleges and the improvement of many old school buildings.
Synrem said that in fact, the dismissal of these employees has been going on since last month but because there is a lack of documents whether there is any order from the government to dismiss these employees. There are 27 employees who have been dismissed. When they received information, they said that there was no such thing.
Because until now, nothing has been done in relation to their demands to recognize the work they do and also to provide special protection for them.
Jowai, Nailar 16: The Jaintia Awakening Movement (JAM) has done a good deed in the field of poverty and happiness as part of its celebration of the 70th Independence Day of the country. Rangli Juki of the community has distributed food items to all the patients at the Jowai Civil Hospital in Ialong village and these food items include Horlik milk, biscuits and Umsoh.
The State and Union Territory Governments have also arrested those who commit illegal activities under the Prevention of Black Marketing and Maintenance of Essential Commodities Act,
Regarding these 27 endangered languages, the government is looking for ways and means to preserve them.
Shillong, March 29: The Vice President of the KSU, Bah F Kharmawphlang, in a statement sent today, said that the KSU has seen that the government has arrested and accused the members of the KSU in various ways. There are various differences in the protest against the ILP, and the arrest of the members of the party is like those rebels.
Shillong, Lber 07: The National People's Party (MDA) has proposed the name of Thomas Sangma as its candidate for the Lamphang election to the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, the AICC as it is now has to fight as hard as it can to ensure that it does not happen like in Arunachal Pradesh. long the day.
People who can do what is necessary will also reach these places and this will open up opportunities for the residents.
It is hoped that these websites will provide information about the activities of the Mission and the activities of the Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
Before arriving in Tura, he stopped at Garobadha in West Garo Hills District to wish the people of the area a happy Durga Puja and congratulations to all the Puja Committees in the area. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Government of Meghalaya today signed a memorandum of understanding with APEDA and Lulu Group for the export of sohtrun from Meghalaya to foreign countries. Witnessed by the Minister of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya.
The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that it is true that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has tested positive for COVID-1
During this visit, the Seng also donated foodgrains and money to the residents of the area as a gift and encouraged them not to feel alone while living in the area. place.
Maristell Ryngkhlem, Superior of Sacred Heart Convent, Sr.
On the other hand, the Minister welcomed them during the meeting and promised that he will do so to release the remaining Mawshun. The Minister of Forests, Government of Meghalaya, has had a chance to talk to the contractors and owners of the mining industry.
He said that the students have also informed the Principal of this decision so that he will not take any action to punish the students.
To establish a special department to look after the farmers.
He said that six persons from East Khasi Hills, one of whom is a police driver from East Jaintia Hills, have been in contact with the police from East Jaintia Hills. Two cases were reported from Civil Hospital and one case from NEIGRIHMS. One case was from Bihar, while the other case was sold to Police Bazar.
In the case of shops in the villages, it is up to the BDO of that area to arrange.
When asked about the newly opened Dawki Bridge, the Minister said, “The reason for the delay in implementation is that the contractors are asking for a high price for the construction of this bridge. Even though the foundation stone has been laid for a long time, the implementation of this bridge has not yet started”.
Because if you go according to the law, there is no problem to find out the facts and to enforce the law because according to the Meghalaya Installation, Regulation, Maintenance and Operation Rules, CC TV, computer sets, printers and other equipment to clarify the working methods.
The indigenous people of the state still have no confidence in these ADCs and still want to be governed by their own customs and beliefs.
Others who took part in the meeting were Syntar Klas Sunn, George B Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem and Zenith M Sangma from the opposition.
Shylla said that Dr Donkupar has agreed to what Ardent Basaiawmoit wanted that the constituencies like Mylliem, Mawkynrew, Sohryngkham and Nongkrem should go to the HSPDP without thinking of the party's MLA. Remington Pyngrope from Mawkynrew, Dr Donkupar Roy from Shella and Ardent from Nongkrem.
Police are conducting investigation.
The purpose of this march is to raise awareness among the people that they should not hide their children when they are disabled.
Dr Larilin has been the Deputy Registrar of the University since 2012 and is also unique because she is the only one appointed by the University as an employee of the University in 2016.
The Chief Minister informed the Legislative Assembly that he had spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam and promised to send all the boundaries set by the Survey Department of Assam.
The application must specify the country to which you intend to travel, the date of departure and the date of return. go to be able to complete the requirements to avoid delays in obtaining permission.
Perhaps we are not sure of what we are trying to do and we are not sure how much we can do; but everyone in the group has something clear in every step that we have taken with a little knowledge of the art of making art and we hope to achieve the same jobs to contribute to society'
The AJYWO demands that the state government should no longer delay but should expedite as soon as possible the fulfillment of its promises to the 13 organizations for the benefit of the people. of the indigenous people of the state and also for the peace and stability in the state, concluded Bah Dkhar.
He said that last year the government had introduced the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 and the Meghalaya Benami Transaction Prohibition (Amendment) Bill,
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: The MeECL has set up an electricity payment point at Nongthymmai Village, Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri-Bhoi District. for the residents of the area to pay at that place.
Col SS Sharma, Principal APS, Shillong, Rajeevan, 57 teachers and 554 students.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Governor of Meghalaya on Tuesday appointed Gigur Myrthong MLA of Mawthungkut as the Advisor to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma as Cabinet Minister.
KSU Laskeiñ Circle has also informed that the 2nd Academic Award will be awarded to the best students of the area this year, the date will be announced later.
He spoke about the objective of the Yatra which is to inform the disadvantaged sections of the society who should benefit from various schemes but have not yet benefited from these schemes.
April 2018 In a meeting with the Government, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma also promised to the party not to interfere in the issue of uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya Dancing Star competition has become an example for the youth who have to dance. they will come forward to develop their own talents.
Since send 2014, the NGT has not lifted the ban on coal mining.
Buam said that the BGB has smuggled more than 150 jobs into India from Mawthum and they do this from time to time, but it was only yesterday that they came to stop the work done by the BGB. the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Family Strengthening Program of SOS Children's Village Shillong today celebrated the International Day of Families. be the chief guest on this day.
Bah Paul said it is terrible these days that drugs have reached even the remote villages of the state.
He said that if he has done anything wrong, prove it and he will not feel sorry but on his part he has tried to work for the people without misusing the public money.
He said that he hopes that the Congress party will win many MLAs in the 2023 elections. The party does not go to the people with money but goes to the people on the basis of its own rights. juh ieng all the time.
She said that once the ASHAs have started the strike by sitting around, the strike will continue day and night.
They also discussed the issue of the power outage has been excessive, they will meet with the officials of MEeCEL in Lumjingshai regarding the inability to implement other projects so far in the country. state.
Subhash Joshi, Director General, Border Security Force Bangladesh and on behalf of Bangladesh, Major General Aziz Ahmed, Director General, Border Guard Bangladesh unveiled the memorial. who gave their lives in the war.
The Prime Minister has requested the states to provide full medicines to the people aged 45 years and above in the districts with the highest number of cases.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that he hopes that the SMCs will take responsibility for the development in all aspects.
During his visit, he met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang and the Director General of Police, Dr LR Bishnoi.
There are 77 recoveries today, 21 cases from East Khasi Hills, 17 cases from Army and 4 cases from civilians, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 18 cases from Ri Bhoi. In West Garo Hills, 37 out of 28 BSF personnel and 9 civilians have recovered so far, bringing the total number of recoveries to 1035 and the death toll has risen to
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Phanuel Tongper on Tuesday rushed to Donaskur village in Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District after receiving a tip that a woman was killed by her enemies. Priskila Suchiang, 45, of Bangladesh, was arrested on Tuesday morning at about 11:00 pm.
On this occasion, the House also passed the Tenth Amendment Regulation Bill,
Those who wish to apply for these posts can apply from 03th October 2019 and end on 16th June
This road leads to Lumsohphoh and leads to Umroi.
“This is a slow move on the part of the State Government,” said Dr. Nonglait.
The Minister said that the government has focused on providing medical facilities to the poor mothers . and urged the public to register under MHIS for their own benefit.
He said the High Level meeting also decided to suspend the order of the Deputy Commissioner to implement the Odd-Even Number for commercial vehicles entering the Kashari-Police area. Market-Focus.
The training will be for six months and the documents will be provided by the company.
At the same time, Bah Pynïaid said that the two District Councils have decided to work together to preserve and promote the culture and heritage of the two communities.
The tournament opened on 4th November and will end on 16th November 2023 at the MFA Stadium. New Delhi, November 04: After the social agreement On 29th November, 2023, about 25 leaders and members of the National Revolutionary Front (NRFM) Manipur surrendered with firearms.
Since its inception in 1978, the party has urged all the citizens of the state to celebrate the special days of the indigenous people. those who do not obey these requests of the organization.
The DHMO said that the visit to Guwahati was made to help Gurman Singh and other family members as he is undergoing treatment. Shillong, July 09: The Ramakrishna Mission today held a ceremony to honor the students who have completed the DHS. The ceremony was held at Ramakrishna Mission, Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong. K Sangma said the speaker.
We also want to see that the status quo will continue even in the years to come,” said the HYC. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit (HYC) has urged its members to vote for the university. and the parents of the members of the party to come out tomorrow Tuesday to protest at the Sohra Police Station regarding the arrest of two members of the party at midnight on Tuesday by the police.
It is worth mentioning that the farmers from Mawlyngbna have come from the village to the farm known as Rithang and have asked the CEM to come and resolve the boundary immediately, but the CEM has not said anything. He explained that they will remove the dispute first and they will do the border and do it as soon as possible.
The Strategy document has identified the links for sustainable tourism development such as Environmental Sustainability, Resource Protection, Income Sustainability Development , the promotion of social and cultural stability.
The protest will be held at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat opposite the BSNL Shillong office from 10.00 am to 04:00 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Seven members of the Ministerial Committee appointed by the government to consult with the public on the draft Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill.
He said that the education officer in charge of Mairang Civil Sub Division.
If the Chief Minister still needs to appoint another Chief Advisor, it is clear that he is not yet qualified to be Chiefs.
The celebration will be held at the NEIAH campus in Mawdiangdiang from 10:00 am to 3:00pm.
In a letter handed over to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “Therefore, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to take all necessary measures to ensure that the offices of the Government Institutions/Undertakings, and others in the State of Meghalaya to comply with and implement the Office Memorandums and other directives issued by the Government of India through the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions. Department of Personnel and Training New Delhi, so that the youth of the country can take advantage of this benefit.
Last year on January 10th, 2012, the Minister of Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that he takes seriously the violations of the law by the dewbilat factories, by promising that the government does not hesitate to punish them. 8 cement companies have destroyed forests, rivers and streams in violation of the Forest Conservation Act, 1980 within the thick forested areas of the State.
Referring to the Education Minister of the Government of India, Shri. Dharmendra Pradhan, he said that students should not be forced to have Aadhaar and should not lose any benefits when they are school children. to get.
He said the Board will convene another meeting to discuss the suggestions from various departments so that they can know how to implement this project.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Due to the confirmation of COVID-19 positive cases in Lawsohtun Block-II and the presence of people who have been in close contact with the cases, it is necessary to quarantine those who have been in close contact and treat them from The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has decided to declare these areas as Containment Areas for the safety of the people and to prevent the spread of the disease.
The other two were close contacts of the person who tested positive for COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS and another person who tested positive for COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS.
The proposal is that people should give real money and not counterfeit money. If they give 100,000 real money, they will give three to four lakh rupees.
The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the arrest of Bah Anthony Kharbuli is an act of violence and robbery by the government which is unacceptable.
In his short speech, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, praised the talents of these 10 singers who have performed in front of the parents and the public in the competition.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, explained that all the problems of the Khasi people are due to the stagnation of the people. in the Article clarifying the terms of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA).
Speaking on the club, Bah Hahshah said that all the players are from Meghalaya and from all the villages.
The purpose of these ships is to improve the quality of this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: A group of Rangbah Shnongs and the Joint Action Committee of Narpuh Border Area today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand a Community and Rural Development Block in the Narpuh Border Area. Narpuz region.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that the establishment of the National Law University (NLU) will transform the future of education in the state.
According to the complaint, the girl said that this happened at a place in Shillong in November, 2023 and the video of the rape was taken by her. It was posted on social media ahead of the recent Lok Sabha elections.
However, the Seng is surprised that only one day after the announcement of the Minister in charge and within three days of the examination, the State Government on 19.03.2021 through the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited has issued the Notice to resume load shedding in the State.
This visit is only to convince the people that the MDCs also understand this.
The production of VTM and RNA is expensive and timely for mass testing for the coronavirus.
Sangma also presented to the Minister some new proposals for support from DoNER and the North Eastern Council.
On the other hand, Doug Robb said that such incidents are inevitable, among the incidents the singers were able to complete their song as scheduled.
