Bindas Syiem on Tuesday sent a statement to the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) that it is ready to end the strike. The committee has received a written commitment from the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma or the Chief Secretary in charge of PWD (Roads) to immediately construct the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road.
After hearing the case on the 13th of this month, the court sentenced her to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of 100 tyngka.
We are all citizens on this earth. Therefore, we must pass on our inheritance to our descendants. It is up to us today how we will pass on our inheritance.
However, the ADC, the Chief Minister, said that there is NO CEM IN KHADC! Isn't it a defamation against the CEM of KHADC? I am afraid that this statement of the Chief Minister will lead to a Defamation Suit, it would be better for our Honorable Chief Minister to remove this statement.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla hopes that the government will give its approval to this Bill to protect the jaidbynriew.
Unidentified persons have set fire to a motorcycle number ML05B-9851 at Mower Mawprem, unidentified persons have thrown stones at a shop at Nongthymmai and Rynjah at They started blocking the road.
The Government will implement this report in consultation with the relevant authorities.
The announcement has informed the District Administration and working groups about these measures mentioned in the Curfew Guidelines and they should take all precautionary measures to maintain peace and order. in society.
Officials of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee including Bah Tympang Pohshna, Chief Coordinator, MCC and others were also present on the occasion. T-shirt to all the participants of the workshop through Amanda A Pakyntein, President Source of Hope (SOH) who was the chief guest.
During the meeting, the Minister of Urban Affairs also discussed the problems faced by the residents of Mawlai area due to the MUDA's border crossing in relation to the construction of houses and also the problems faced by the people of Mawlai area. get the light and the water.
The Election Committee will distribute the Nomination Forms from today at the party office in Jaiaw from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 10: BSF troops in Khaliang of West Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya have arrested a Bangladeshi while he was trying to leave for Bangladesh from India.
They said that as the MLA term is coming to an end, the people will have to elect or renew the Nongmihkhmat but nothing has been done yet.
All the Rangbah as well as the residents of the area were urged to take action in this regard on the urgent need to get clarity regarding the surrender of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd.
Article 244 of the Constitution of India provides for the management of lands falling under the land of the Tribals.
He said that the government through the Urban Development Department has convened three meetings to discuss this issue and the KHADC has made it clear that the government will look after only the land belonging to the government and the land that belongs to the government. within the District Councils shall be the responsibility of the District Councils.
He also informed that the Seng has suspended the sale of Raffle Tickets.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Senior Scout Leader Alvarinea Nongsiej has attended the 2nd World Education Congress held in Kanderstag, Switzerland.
IR Sangma read out the government announcement on the new block. Other speakers at the meeting were Sniawbhalang Dhar, RV Lyngdoh MLA, Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA Mawryngkhneng, David. Nongrum, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Chief Secretary Y Tsering, DC East Khasi Hills PS Dkhar. The meeting was chaired by AL Hek.
The union, therefore, urges the MeECL, Jowai Distribution to immediately replace this rishot light which has put the lives of people at great risk and at the same time, the union urges the MeCL to Please check carefully, maybe there are still many post lights like this one in Jowai and also to replace such post lights as soon as possible if found, to avoid tragic incidents.
This law is in force until the end of the election.
New Delhi, July 22: The President of India, Droupadi Murmuka presented the National Florence Nightingale Award for 2022 and 2023 to nurses at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhavan today.
The leaders of these two Sengbhalang have unanimously taken action to investigate the incident regarding the complaint from the family members of the child. daughter of Khambha Phawa and Rihok Suiam (Father) of Iooksi.
U Bah Paul said that this day will be a successful day because for the first time after the publication of the Khasi alphabet in 1841, today we have been able to get the Khasi alphabet. write in Khasi the provisions of the POCSO Act which has been in force for 50 years.
Referring to Conrad K Sangma, Shibun said that the party extends its respect and blessings to him to continue to move forward and work for the development of the country. state and Garo Hills and the country as a whole.
As a volunteer he followed in the footsteps of his brother and organized many protests in the form of Satyagraha.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Bah AL Hek while laying the foundation stone for the upgradation of the Mylliem-Umthlong Dispensary into a Primary Health Center in Mylliem today urged the people to be clean as the PHC is the PHC. of the people.
It is learned that there has been an arrangement for the date but on the days when the Chief Minister of Assam is absent, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya does not attend and when the Chief Minister of Meghalaya is absent, the Chief Minister of Assam does not attend. .
The rally started from Mawlai Nonglum, Pump, Motsyiar, Umjaiur and Nongpathaw. 55 children from different clubs took part in the rally and demanded the right of drivers to be careful. The slogans that the children shouted were “Long live those who drive slowly”, “We want peace on the road”, “Don't park on the roads”, “Phong ia wear a helmet while driving", "Don't drink alcohol while driving", "Don't use the phone while driving" and so on.
In addition, the recruitment of 4000 troops is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The roof of the Civil Hospital Shillong today collapsed due to heavy rainfall in the morning.
Four civil society organizations from East Jaintia Hills District have called for a 24 hour curfew to demand the government to improve the NH-44 road which has been badly damaged.
Shillong, Naitung, 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that it does not agree with the Modifief ILP. Thirteen leading Sengbhalang from the State have fought hard to demand the State Government to implement the Inner Line Permit.
He confessed that he had bought the drugs from Happu from Manipur and from Dru from Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills. District.
Batiplang Synteng Bamon, Donboklang Lyngdoh, Parvaj Bhuiya and Teibanskhembha Khongkai will play in front of the team.
Jowai Nailur 04: U Qualy Suiam MDC of Mowkaiaw constituency passed away suddenly this morning at 05:30 am at his residence in Mookyrdup Jowai without any illness.
The department has introduced these SOPs keeping in mind the practices in other countries which include social distancing, provision of separate entry and exit points in filming sets, cleanliness, safety of employees, reduction of human contact and compliance with travel related guidelines as directed by the MHA which also includes quarantine.
The Cabinet today also decided to introduce a new structure in the field of liquor and some liquor has been increased in price as other states have done and Meghalaya has followed suit in increasing the price of liquor. The state government will receive an additional revenue of T.25 crore.
The Seng Khasi Kmie has received a statement from the state government that it has taken measures to prevent the spread of the disease. of Covid-19 (Coronavirus).
The ceremony was conducted by the Lyngdoh of the Raid together with the Lyngskor through the Minister of Sohtun of the Hima Mylliem and Kharkongor who took part in the slaughter of the cows and goats.
“On the request to hold the Convocation, the VC said that this year the university has not been able to hold the Convocation because it is still waiting for a reply from the President of India. “The VC has promised that from next year there will be a date for the 50th Anniversary of NEHUSU,” said the NEHUSU leader. The school will hold the Convocation every year.
The office urges the public not to be delayed as they have now implemented the third phase of the GSWSS in Shillong and the surrounding villages included in the third phase of the GSWSS. .The office will do its utmost to ensure that the water supplied to the people through this third phase of the GSWSS will provide clean water to the people as soon as possible, said the engineer. head of the state water department.
The BSF seized 16 cows worth T.3.50 lakh. They seized 16 cows from the area.
To date, no country has succeeded in providing a broad and acceptable definition of the term 'terrorism'
On the Umïam Hydro Electric Dam, Sangma said the Government of India has allocated the funds allocated to all the states and Meghalaya has received an allocation of T.400 crore from the Government. India through the Ministry of Public Works.
Rakesh said that after the capture of Kongthong village, there was a meeting with the MLA and MDC of the area to discuss the development works inside the village as at present up to 10 houses have been built. Public toilets and sanitary pads will be installed.
Prestone said the Meghalaya Agricultural Marketing Act was passed by the House in 1980 and the government's desire to introduce amendments to the Act is to introduce a new industry. Rice cultivation, herbal medicine and Dohkha farming.
She recalled that during her tenure as MP, Peter Marbaniang had the opportunity to introduce the amendment of the Eight Schedule in which she took part in the discussion to have a special recognition for them. The most paid foreign ethnic group in the North East.
“We tried to telephone our Kha, she told us that she (Bah Shanbor) left her house at 2:00 pm,” said the family.
On the 15th July, 2024, there will be the Manipur Lion Dance and the Sikkim Lion Dance.
Opening the meeting as the Chief Guest, Kishore Thakuria, Director, Cultural Affairs, Government of Assam, said that India is celebrating its 75th Independence Day today because of the courage of the freedom fighters.
Shillong, Lber 03: BSF troops while patrolling the India-Bangladesh border in Lyngkhat area of ​​East Khasi Hills District, saw some people driving cattle to Bangladesh.
Most of these 65 schemes are in charge of schemes from the central government. Out of the 124 schemes, 26 are from the state and the cost for all these schemes has increased. to Rs 22.56 crore.
On the other hand, the CEM said that if found to be selling, they will be punished according to the law and if they are non-residents, the office can even revoke the Trading License of those shops.
On 14/6/2023, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has sent a letter to the Union Minister of Education regarding the problems faced by the students of the state. The Central Government today informed the State Government to allow those who failed to write the examination because they got a venue outside the state.
There was also a clash inside the police station where the police tried to stop him. While the clash was going on, suddenly someone set fire to the police vehicle and others who were nearby were also damaged.
Therefore, the Seng strongly demands from the Government authorities to provide this CHC as per the needs of the times as life and death is the same whether in the city or in the countryside.
According to sources, a police patrol officer in Lapangap village escaped from the shooting of the Karbi.
Also to provide colored roads to some villages like Riangdo-Bamil (0-10 km) and Shallang-Shallang PHC Complex (2) km.
This special group of youths of the State has been selected from Jaintia Hills District to perform the traditional dance which is known as one of the most beautiful and famous dances in the State.
Speaking to reporters, she said that whatever the government does, the decisions are taken by the Cabinet and the BJP and UDP are the parties that are in the government when the decision is taken to implement the project. The FOCUS scheme has been agreed to be implemented.
In fact, it seems that Nantu Das was involved in most of these activities, according to the evidence from several women who stated that the length of time of Das who took advantage of women when there were NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma and General Secretary Dr. Marbhador M. Khymdeit said in a statement.
The Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) Police on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze.
From the Chief Minister‟s Relief Fund (CMRF) T.7.4 crore, from the District Mineral Foundation Fund (DMF) at T.8.9 crore, from the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Fund (MBOCWWF) at T.12.9 crore, The North Eastern Council (NEC) has received T.3 crore, the MPLAD has received T.1 crore, bringing the total revenue to T.103.8 crore.
“While it was the Congress party under the leadership of Nehru that first introduced the Indian Conversion (Regulation and Registration) Bill in 1954, which aimed to enact legislation in relation to the “permission of preachers and the notification to the Government of conversion.
He recalled the importance of drinking water and the environment, while by 2070 people will not be able to live more than 35 years. years because of the deterioration of the world in which he lives then 35 year olds look like 75 year olds.
MPYC President Richard Marak led the tyngshop of the Prime Minister and other BJP leaders in Tura today. The Congress Youth Wing recalled that Modi had asked for 50 days from the people of the country to resolve the issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Synrai Festival organized by the MTDF in Umiam has ended in a spectacular atmosphere where the traditional foods of the state have attracted the guests to the festival. bad you pud you tem.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The JSU and other civil society groups on Tuesday at 11:30 pm seized a bus number ML10-C-0206 carrying about 40 passengers. The state has not received a court order from the Labor Department.
The dorbar was conducted by the Sordar of the village, Bah Kynsai M Syiem.
All the winners of the subtitle title received T.5000 thousand.
New Delhi, Jymmang 08: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, will organize the 15th Asia Media Summit (AMS) 2018 in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC), New Delhi and Broadcast Engineering Consultants India Limited ( BECIL), from 10th-12th January, 2018 in New Delhi.
The Catholic Church has celebrated this holy month to prepare for this holy month of Easter and the Resurrection of the Lord Jesus.
Therefore, the residents are requested to cooperate in order to get an accurate and complete census.
On the other hand, the party will soon meet with the authorities to provide adequate security to the border area especially to the Riwar area, said the statement.
According to information received by the union, the reason for the non-implementation of this training scheme is due to the fact that the PWD (Buildings) department has not received the bill worth more than Rs 3 crore from the Government.
On the other hand, the MBA presented the Prime Minister with a pair of boxing gloves.
Shillong, November 02: The Federation of Khasi States (FKK) has urged the Government of India to implement the agreements and commitments as concluded under the IOA & AA in order to ensure adequate and strong protections for the people of Khasi Hills. Khasi Hills and Meghalaya through the amendment and promulgation of these IOA & AA provisions in a separate country (India.
“I am sending this letter to you to demand the rights of the two deceased and their relatives and all the sons and daughters of Meghalaya who have been discriminated against on one side just because they do not belong to the same ethnic group. he paid.
Speaking to reporters after the protest, one of the oldest employees of the office, PK Sen, said that the party has met with all the political party leaders, especially the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Tura MP Conrad K Sangma, BJP leaders and other political parties to talk to the central government to set up this office in Shillong.
All Dorbar Shnongs, Raid Dorbars and Hima/Elaka Dorbars are requested to collect a copy from the office of the Dorbar of these two AINs which are about 255 pages at the price of Rs 300 or to Send an sms message to your mobile
The Syiem and Ministers have authorized the villagers of Raja Khomai, Raja Bala, Belahari and Mawdem to farm in these areas. The boundary of their settlement so that the people of Assam will not be able to come and skut land and come to work, because if the land of the Hima is cleaned, it will be taken away by the people. from this state as has happened in other parts of Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the foundation stone of the new Integrated Administration Complex, Tura will be laid through digital channels.
Any incidents should be reported immediately to the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, through the number +918730940080/+9 order in order to relieve them of any damages to government property.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the government cannot blame who did and who did not do it. seize the truth.
The DGP congratulated the Police Officers who have been promoted.
On the other hand, Theja Therieh from Mizoram, said that at this meeting of NEFIP, a decision was taken and if the rights of ownership of the indigenous people of this region are affected, they are ready to India is one of the signatories to the UN Declaration on the Special Protection of Indigenous Peoples.
The party will hold a condolence meeting for the late party leader.
He said the Jan Vishwas Act has decriminalized 180 jobs.
The demand of the Seng is that the company should reinstate these seven Khasi children without delay and without giving any reasons but otherwise the Seng has warned that it will not allow the company. The union has urged the relevant authorities and the village authorities to strengthen the employment rules for Khasi youth before they give Permit or NoC to any company opening shops in Malki.
The remaining cases are still under the consideration of the committee. The KHADC has taken all necessary measures to ensure that they can complete the border dispute between the Himas as soon as possible.
Therefore, after the words 'Then such vacancies will be available to other', the entire Para 2 of the Resolution should be deleted.
Answering questions, Hamletson said the DCA is now ready to take the matter to the Cabinet for a decision. The term of office of the GHADC Legislative Assembly shall end on 15th March
Shillong, March 08: Answering a question on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the The State Government has demanded that the Central Government should set up a Boundary Commission.
At a meeting held in Delhi on 12.11.2012, the Government of Meghalaya has approved to pay the remaining light bill in 24 installments. 07.02.2013 and this payment was T.50 crore after which it was not paid again.
On the other hand, the party welcomes this statement of the Prime Minister.
According to sources, the training camp of the GNLA is not only a hideout for the leaders of the GNLA but also a camp for the GNLA. Other rebel groups in the North East include the ULFA from Assam.
Answering a supplementary question, the CEM of KHADC said that the failure of these courts is due to the fact that many times the himas have temporary chiefs and these temporary heads of state do not take this matter seriously.
This is with the aim of showcasing various development projects launched in Meghalaya, the role of various groups of the Government of India to provide support for peace and development and showcase the wealth. the right of the state.
They still need a lot of money to help the victims of this natural disaster.
“It has been reported that there have been many fires in many parts of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been putting up signs on the outskirts of Wahumkhrah for many years to warn the people not to throw garbage in the river. writings have been placed in many parts of Wahumkhrah.
The venue will be located at the Soso Tham Auditorium Hall.
The Minister said that this is not the time to point fingers at anyone, the important thing is to move forward to ensure that the games go smoothly because the problems have already been taken and measures have been taken to resolve them. On the other hand, the Prime Minister congratulated the MSOA and the players.
On the other hand, the KSU Mawlai Circle is surprised that the traffic branch has not provided training on the Zebra Crossing when not a single Zebra Crossing has been installed even in the most needy places. Iewrynghep Road and Mawlai Nongkwar Petrol Pump where many school children use these roads to travel from one side to the other.
This was stated by John Lyngdoh, President of Shillong City.
The residents also demanded that FEDCO should stop the lights in the area and urged the residents not to pay bill lights in the name of the company while MePDCL has not clarified on this matter.
Speaking to media at his office, Conrad K Sangma said that the light bill has been collected since the Congress government and the present government.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister said that funds will be allocated this fiscal year for the construction of traditional village courts in Garo Hills.
In Block II under Raid Nongtung, three villages including Ummat-I, Ummat-II and Nongsder have been severely affected where 28 houses have been damaged. erngit and many of the families became homeless.
Bad Third Place T.6,000.
Shillong, June 15: The Mait Shaphrang Movement (MPM) today held a meeting at the Village Council Hall in Jaiaw Lumpullon.
“Although I am the only MP from the NPP party from Meghalaya in Parliament, I will speak as a leader for the benefit of the North East,” said Agatha.
During the meeting, the results of the training in Meghalaya on how to improve fish farming in cold water areas, as is the case in Meghalaya, were explained.
These infrastructure developments enhance the tourist experience and contribute to the development of Mizoram's tourism industry, the development of the state as a tourist attraction.
The steel installation for the construction of the dome will start in June and will be completed in June and the construction of the dome will be under the supervision of IIT Guwahati and IIT Roorkee.
Similarly, the JHADC has not yet decided on the issue of daloi in Nongkhlieh constituency which has been pending for many years.
All the expenses will be borne by the Central Government for this special training of ASHA workers. This money has been allocated by the Central Government to the State Governments in the Financial Envelope.
As part of informing the Government of the loss of income of many day laborers due to the second outbreak of the disease and the closure of the dam for 10 months.
The pilots, seeing this danger, turned away.
Regarding this land, the office has already sent a clarification from the Hima Mylliem to the HNYF who are the complainants but the HNYF has not yet come to give any reply. it's bad here.
Tura, November 28: The Garo Hills XI has reached the seni-finals of the 5th Meghalaya Inter District Cricket Tournament by beating Ri Bhoi.
On this day, the problems faced by the farmers in East and West Jaintia Hills will be discussed.
No one shall be deceived or defrauded of money or other gifts from candidates or party members.
This was announced by the President of JSU (SP News).
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaïaw Circle on Saturday awarded awards to the students who live in the villages of Jaiaw Pyllun.
The sugar and kwai were handed over to the Rongra Out Post Police for further investigation.
Marngar's resignation comes after NPP MDC from Mawsynram Constituency Alvin Sawkmie resigned before being appointed as Executive Member of the Executive Committee led by Pyniaid Sing Syiem. as the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
On the allegation that the NPP did not attend the meeting convened by the KJCLF, Nongrem said that after talking to the State President Dr.WR Kharlukhi, the party did not receive anything. any written statement calling the party to the meeting.
Police have arrested these three persons on Friday night for illegal arrest in Pohthaw village.
Jitendra Dkhar, Director of the Blind Lead Trust, said that according to the 2011 census, there are 13,532 visually impaired people in the state.
Pynshngian N Syiem, who has joined the Congress party, said that the elections have been held for 10 years and there are still many changes. The workers have left the party but the party has not yet gained many supporters.
Angelina Hynniewta General Secretary of the union said that these days they have stopped their strike because of the puja and now the puja is over and they have resumed the strike for an hour. in front of the Power House office opposite the Secretariat.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC urged the Lyngdoh Mawphlang to cooperate with the District Council as well as the MDC of the area.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the Assam Police were also patrolling the area for the purpose of setting up the school in the village.
Rani said that as the Chief Minister of the state who is the leader of the state, he should have stopped thinking to find ways and means how to solve this problem in the state.
All the speakers said that if the Indian government does not accept this demand, they have to think differently as a nation.
Shillong, Nailar 02: Meghalaya will send two badminton players to the 12th Union Bank All India Junior Ranking Badminton Tournament to be held in Bangalore from 5th to 10th of this month at K Raheja Badminton Tournament. Kiefer W Shullai and Kynsailang SM Umlong will represent the state and the training has been conducted at Mawlai Datbaki Indoor Stadium for the past two months. Champion Suba Pyngrope.
The Seng urges the State Government to immediately stop this activity so that there will be no disturbance in the society and to think carefully before issuing such orders.
The Umiam Lake has attracted tourists not only from outside the state but also from the villagers. The state and especially the MTDC are in charge of the project.
economic growth and prosperity in the homes and in society as a whole.
We have seen what happened in Langpih, Madan Umwang, near Block-I and Lapangap and we explain to them that we must be ready to stand for the country and the nation,” he said. he said.
The enemies are wise, therefore, it is time for the Hynniewtrep people to stop the handshake and misuse of each other, especially the Hynniewtrep Police should protect our people and not harm them. just to please their masters and foreign traders,” said Bah Nongtraw.
Bah Kharkrang said that according to the law, a person cannot be released without bail, there is a way to release them, but to release without the rules cannot be done at all. the court shall not be judged.
In connection with these incidents, police have also arrested 7 persons suspected of being involved in illegal trade and smuggling of money beyond the government limits. bad job is to make sure the elections are fair.
In 2019, Bah Pala received 53 per cent of the votes (4.19 lakh) from Shillong seat while Dr. Syngkon has received 58 per cent of the vote.
According to the General Administration, on 14 October 2017, the name of Garampani has been changed to Saphai.
The house was funded by the MP scheme of the Rajya Sabha, Wansuk Syiem.
Other candidates who have applied for tickets are John F Kharshiing and former Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly Charles Pyngrope.
Speaking on the increase in tourism and pilgrimage in the country, the Prime Minister informed about the increase in the number of pilgrims to Varansi after the completion of the Kashi Corridor.
In just 50 days, more than 10 crore people participated in the Yatra.
Shillong, Lber 01: The election ceremony has ended and the government has started again.
All the information about mobile towers is available on the DoT website and the portal, where people can also request to test any mobile tower near them for a small fee.
The BAC, along with the Speaker of the House, included Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh and Balajied Kupar Synrem MLA. officers.
This will make us good people and a happy society and helps us understand each other.
On this occasion, the Minister inaugurated the newly constructed shet inside the Government House. admitted to CMC Hospital, Vellore.
Referring to the National People's Party (NPP), he said, “Believe it or not, this party will increase the number of MLAs from one to another”.
This statement was issued by Samla Pillar Stone Phawa, General Secretary of JSM-WJC. (SP News).
This is according to a statement issued by the General Administration (A) Department.
These colleges which receive financial assistance such as Raid Laban College, Women's College, Trikikilla College, Durama College, Mahendraganj College and Sohra College do not receive payment according to the Fifth Pay Commission.
There have been 215 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar today strongly condemned the inaction of the BSF troops in Dawki against the arrival of Bangladeshis at the mouth of the Dawki River today.
Inaugurating the new scheme, the Chief Minister said that the damage to the forests has been seen and this is the reason why many of the water wells have dried up and this has caused water shortage. to the children of men.
The meeting was attended by Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb, Nagaland Chief Minister Nephi Rio and Meghalaya Minister Conrad Sangma. , Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Arunachal Pradesh Chowna Mein was also present along with government officials from various departments.
Sources close to the MTDC said that Bah Sylla will not be able to inherit the MTDC house to anyone except his heirs without the knowledge of the MTDC. If you wish to do so, you must inform the Corporation.
The government's claim that the MPDA and MMPO Acts will be the means to maintain and prevent the protests is to bring peace and stability is unacceptable as it has been seen that this Act. Tur said that the existence of such laws will affect even the respected courts, because the people will not speak or listen to the people who have “They are fighting as much as possible to implement these laws for their own welfare,” said TUR. (SP News).
Shillong, Lber 19: The house of Bah Cehmberlin Lyngdoh, District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has collapsed at around 12 noon today. the house was destroyed.
She spoke to community leaders, officers and farmers and urged them to create awareness among farmers and farmers about the loan schemes under the MUDRA YOJANA and recently announced the the PM Kisan program for farmers and the Pradhan Mantri Yogi Mandhan Yojna for farmers.
Even in the midst of this crisis, employees arrive at work every day to ensure that the work of the office is not delayed.
Shillong, Lber 25: Officials of the Election Department of the State Government today conducted checkpoints around the area to search for passengers to ensure that people should not carry more money than the permitted amount. put rules.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed four deaths today from the disease, three of them from East Khasi Hills, three from West Khasi Hills and three from West Khasi Hills. 1 The death toll has risen to 1261 so far.
According to the residents, the child was heard crying and when he listened carefully, he found that it was from the toilet and immediately informed the police and he was rushed to Ganesh Hospital Shillong for treatment.
The recoveries are from East Garo Hills, 22, East Jaintia Hills 26, East Khasi Hills 661, North Garo Hills 10, South Garo Hills Hills 70, West Jaintia Hills 07, West Khasi Hills 23.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Department of Telecom (DoT) has seized 1.52 lakh mobile phone connections suspected of being obtained by issuing fake documents at many Telecom Points of Sale (PoS). Various Service Providers (TSPs) in seven states under the North East LSA – Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland & Tripura.
Tura, Nailur 29: The Tura Central Puja Committee (CPC) has requested all civil society organizations not to call any curfew during the Durga Puja. and all the people shall complete their worship with joy.
Three people lost their lives in this tragic incident.
We hope that this step taken by Bindas, especially from Ribhoi, will get the support in her journey alone,” he said.
The distribution of ration has not yet started in East Khasi Hills District.
Former Chief Secretary PJ Bazely has been appointed as the Chairman and Utam K Sangma and Lambor Roy have been appointed as members of the commission.
There are 25 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills, 7 from East Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South West Khasi Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 91,979 people in the country.
New Delhi, Jymmang 10: Regarding a report published in The Print under the title “The reality of Modi Government's vaccine funding: Rs.35,000 crore for States, zero for Centre.
Although the water level in Wah Umkhrah has risen sharply, it was seen that the houses along the banks of the river have not been affected by the flooding.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today admitted that some government ministers and MLAs have received messages demanding money from the HNLC. on this demand for money.
The deterioration of this road has affected not only the people of Meghalaya but also the people of other states in the North East.
Shillong, June 24: The Chief Executive Members of the three District Councils of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, CEM of GHADC, Albinush K Marak, CEM of GHADC and Titsosstarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, today attended the meeting. The meeting held at the KHADC decided to oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code in the tribal areas.
The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has launched a two-day protest against the NIOS on 24th and 25th July in front of the NIOS office at Laitumkhrah Shillong. to be attended by about nine hundred teachers.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of the Committee on the Border Issue. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma of the Assam government.
Other football teams have started arriving in the state where they were welcomed before being taken to their accommodation. All the matches will be held at the MFA Turf at the third ground at Polo. watch.
Shillong, March 09: Ibarisha Lyngdoh, 24, daughter of Hunnily Lyngdoh and Pilgrim Marbaniang, has been selected as one of the judges of the Intercultural Group from Germany; The 4Asia Pacific Choir Games and Grand Prix of the World will be held in Colombo, Sri Lanka from the 21st to the 28th of this month.
Shillong, November 19: This is the first time that 97 youths from Meghalaya have been recruited into the army. various training centers located across the Country.
Jowai, March 09: A youth of Amtasam village under Amlarem Civil Sub Division has committed suicide in a tragic incident. and you drink and you bih.
The Union Minister said that the air pollution in Delhi has started in 2008, but nothing has been done until
The State has given priority to the ASHAs to pay their wages and to avoid delaying the payment of wages as much as possible.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: The Union Minister in charge of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman, while presenting the Interim Budget 2024-2025 in the Legislative Assembly today announced that the The budget for next year has been increased by 11.1% to T.11,11,111 crore which is 3.4% of GDP. has happened in the last few years, this has brought benefits in terms of economic growth and job creation.
Prestone said that the ejahar is valid and the ejahar will not be heavy or small and the law will be the same for all.
The incumbent Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit, who is also in charge of Meghalaya, has been re-appointed as the Governor of Tamil Nadu.
He suggested that if one household from all the Pynursla constituencies together with the party on the same day go to the MLA's house and demand the security laws especially the ILP only in the session. We don't want to get the ILP but if we stay at home for decades we don't get the demands.
The Arts and Culture Department has allocated T.1,54,11,000 for the construction of the Sein Jaintia Indigenous Culture-cum-Multipurpose Centre. Bara Bazar Shillong (Phase 1), but according to the drawing submitted by the Sein Jaintia Arts and Culture, there are 16 shops in the area. How can the Department of Arts and Culture provide funds for the construction of the shop? I don't know if there is anything wrong with this because the soskular signed with the contractor has not been given to him. to see, said Mr. Lamki Kyndiah.
On the other hand, the presidential candidate said that it is on this basis that the 17 political parties have come together despite their differences of opinion, but in this regard they have come together. They have decided to be the candidate for the post of President of the country and this election is now an election of thought.
The cyclone Fani has affected the entire state of Meghalaya and the worst affected areas are South West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District and Shillong where many trees have been destroyed. collapse.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh has questioned the Government on the deployment of up to 4000 personnel by Assam in the border areas, as well as the claim of Assam that there is no border dispute with Meghalaya. , but it is the State of Meghalaya which occupies the territory of Assam.
Shillong, November 24: The Meghalaya Government has allowed foreigners to visit Meghalaya from the 21st of this month on the day of the opening of the entry gate. Umling is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Because they could not leave because they arrived late and because of the heavy rain, they invited the people to come up to Mawkaphan village to talk to them. the people who do this work are very important.
He said that it is useless to be MLA, MDC, Minister and Chief Minister to protect the people. He said that in 1952 when the District Council was established it was to protect the people. The independence of the state in 1972 should have strengthened the nation.
About 200 Bangladeshis without wearing masks and social distancing stood and gathered in groups at the same place near the places where the people used to shoot.
The National General Secretary of the BJP for the North East, Ram Madhav, said that the rally will be held at Polo Ground at 12 noon.
The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong, is concerned about the lack of attention of the MeECL department to install a new transformer in the Umkiang Pahar Village.
The government has deployed police to protect vehicles leaving Tura and if anyone wants to leave the area.
To meet with Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Meghalaya, and submit to him the decision of the Fourth Special Session of the People's Parliament held on 13th February 2013, especially regarding the need for reforms. strengthen the provisions of the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act 1971, which has not been implemented according to its purpose.
Wandonbok said the DC has said that it cannot cancel the order as it is also part of the implementation of the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Mairang, Naitung 18: In honor of the freedom fighter Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, the Central Government has allocated T.12.86 crore for the construction of a market in Mairang. Mairang is located in the district of West Khasi Hills.
Answering a supplementary question by Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the land at Umsawli, the Minister said in the House that there is 54 acres of land. Former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has visited the area and wanted to turn it into a tourist spot.
Meanwhile, in Tura, Purno A Sangma today won again the election of the people by winning him this time too.
Zenith Sangma was accompanied by his brother Mukul Sangma and other Trinamool Congress leaders.
Shillong, July 17: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the Cabinet meeting has discussed the issue of the age of appointment and it has been decided to increase it from 32 years to 37 years is an increase of three years, the Cabinet decided today.
There are 12 areas in the middle of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. Regarding this border dispute between the two states, the Central Government has also disputed. The Chanda Chuk Committee has been appointed by the state which has not been accepted.
During the meeting, the remaining schemes and the challenges faced as well as the schemes that have been completed were discussed.
Regarding the term of office of all the parks, the term of office is 30 years and cannot be extended to 20 years. Many civil society organizations have submitted written requests to the state government. to be sent to the central government as they are.
Police are investigating to find the child.
Those same leaders who have forced the government agencies to develop the traditional clothes industry which is part of the Bhoi area to move back to Garo Hills.
Improved roads are essential to promote tourism, connect border trade zones, and support economic, social and security needs. you sign.
And as it is now, we have seen that the Assam government has dared to cross the border to Psiar and Khatkasla, and even to Wah Myntang they are still willing to come.
The girl is a resident of Lumparing Dong School.
Lalremsanga demanded that he should immediately stop making any unfair statements and remarks to defame him.
The Minister informed the House that the Ministry of Education is making arrangements to implement the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya regarding the appointment of the Ministry of Education. a few weeks.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government will not allow crime to spread, the law enforcement agencies will do whatever is necessary to curb crime and maintain peace. peace in the state.
What makes this unity is to be accepted without any bloodshed.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC Pyniaid Singh Syiem said that Ardent's remarks are like an insult to the Meghalaya High Court. The appeal was filed in the High Court.
The agreement was signed by the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Syiem of Jirang Hima and the EM in charge of the elaka at that time, Bah KP Pangniang.
He has won many games in the field of wrestling.
At the beginning of the public hearing, the people who opposed the proposal to allow MCL to increase the production of dewbilat wanted to enter the venue to hold the hearing but there was an attempt to stop it. bring your wrath.
Police also alleged that he was the one who telephoned the victim and said that Issei Sungoh had contacted the two arrested through Facebook and ordered them to take the money. the amount which he demanded from the debtor.
After discovering the violence of the company, the Dorbar Shnong has requested the HYC West Khasi Hills to take action and help the Dorbar Shnong to shut down the factory.
“It's a shame and anger from time to time because not only Bah Tarson but even my vehicle has been searched twice in Bhoi without any reason,” said Bah Sadon. After a meeting with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi to clarify the grounds on which the police arrested the Disciplinary Secretary of the HNYF-Central Body, Bah Tarson Lymba.
Kynshi Higher Secondary School, Kynshi won the March Pass Competition while Myriaw RMSA won the Best Discipline Team award.
To receive this scheme is based on the proposal of the state government and the central government will look into it and after a monthly review, it will release the money.
Until now, there are still few job opportunities from the state government for the youth.
To develop the opportunities available in the region, various projects such as the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway and the Agartala-Akhaura Rail Project are underway.
On the other hand, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh replied that those who want their demand to be granted have their own reasons and power to understand.
He also directed to ensure that the floodgates of all the major dams are in good condition.
He said that he will continue to donate to other schools in the state.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government for being willing to release the funds to pay the salaries which is necessary for the states.
During the inspection, it was found that many shops do not have permits and have been operating their shops with old Trade Licenses, some of which have not been renewed since 2010, but they are operating their shops without any documents. The incident occurred on Keating Road.
Sr.
The Skul Seng Khasi also aims to help especially those children who come from poor families.
The first part of the Uttar PurviMahotsav is not just a festival; it is a symbol of celebration of the rich deiriti of the north and a glimpse of the opportunities available in the economy.
The runners-up check of Rs 1.5 lakh was presented to Rangdajied by the Chief Engineer of the State Sports Council Meghalaya, Shri BM Syiem.
Minister of Independent Charge of Earth Sciences; Minister of Independent Charge in the Office of the Prime Minister; Minister of Independent Charge of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions; Minister of Independent Charge of Atomic Energy; and Minister of State for Space.
Shillong, July 30: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah JP Lakiang, Mission Director of Swachh Bharat Mission Rural (SBMG), today said that the Minister of State for Home Affairs will launch 174 electric vehicles at Madan Kurkalang in Ri Bhoi District on the 1st of June. 2024 that Friday.
D) and postgraduate students studying science and technology who need to work in laboratories.
The BSF said that the value of these cows was T.33 tyngka.
The family members said that they will meet the SP to ask about the emergency number which has been given to the people but it does not work at all and to complain about this action of the police.
Due to the good progress in the domestic markets and due to the large number of helmet manufacturers in the country, it is now expected that competition will enable a demand for high quality and more rugged helmets.
This was announced by Samla Dusterwell K.Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Teachers from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have come to take part in this day.
He said that he has met many times with the CEMs in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills to explain this issue but unfortunately they don't have time because as it is the District Councils have been taken over by the political parties. Parties) who rule traditional governments based on impartiality or no opposition or ruling in Villages, Raids and Hima/Elaka.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Banteidor said that this will be a place for the exhibition of traditional rain from the state and it is expected that this will be a place for the exhibition of traditional clothes. detailed in the design of clothes made of maka and rusom and it will also be a place of detail.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma expressed his pleasure to witness the Behdieñkhlam festival for the fourth time. u old snow.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) on the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and Ranikor, Bah Riki Sohlang, on Tuesday said that the group has demanded The KHADC has not issued the NOC for the construction of this road.
Shillong, June 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi has requested the government to forgive the government. The bill light this month is due to the shortage of people who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the lockdown announced by the government for the country and the state as a whole.
“Even if you have the money but you don't know how to spend it and spend it well and spend it on time, this is the main reason," he said. the money.
The President of the National Party in his speech said that this is the party from this area which understands the problems of the people of this area and its goal is to bring about change in this area. east of India.
Another bad thing is that the permission to publish in the newspapers medicines without verifying whether they are safe or not as this affects the health of the people.
He now sells sohphan products from various shops across the state.
India is unique in its multiplicity of differences.
This is the first time in the government of Meghalaya that a strong decision has been taken to resolve this issue. .
Shillong, June 18: The 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship 2021 started today in Shillong with the participation of 450 days participants from all over India. The second meeting was held in Shillong.
“There are challenges but every year we make sure that the game improves and we will overcome the challenges,” he added.
After the refusal, Dhama allegedly started speaking unpleasant words to her husband. On the 3rd morning, she came back with her husband Ramanand Ray and four daughters. of the four and touched his wife to the point of injury.
He also wrote about Damum and what is more surprising is Khreng Khreng how this place has been recognized since the time of the British rule in India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The two teachers' unions, KJDSTA and GHDSTA, have accepted the decision of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) regarding the exchange of textbooks for students from Class I to Class X.U Bah ED Nongsiang President of KJDSTA and the presence of GHDSTA speaking to reporters today after the meeting said that after discussion and speech in the presence of those Members of the Committee to look into the matter, the two organizations welcomed the action of the MBOSE. Bah Nongsiang said that the MBOSE has not acted in a hurry, it has The committee has been appointed to review the textbooks in which the teachers who teach the subjects have been involved since October this year. CBSE and ICSC books will be available from this new year.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the meeting with the Minister of Sports was fruitful in which the Ministry of Sports of the Union Government has promised to support the the State Government for the purpose of hosting the National Games.
The CEC today urged the police not to arrest all those involved in this illegal activity because according to our information, the authorities involved in this activity have hundreds of police officers. to arrest all those mynder who injured, injured and carried weapons with the intention of injuring and taking the lives of these members of the KSU yesterday at Ichamaty.
Two bodies were recovered at 9.00 pm and the other was recovered in the afternoon. The death toll from the bus overturning has risen to
Speaking to media, Bah Handle Mukhim, former MDC of Sohryngkham, said that in 2002, when they were MDCs, they had introduced a Bill on the old age pension. approved by the Governor in 2006.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The students of Tura Government College have arrested a man for forging certificates of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE). There were those who wanted to enter classes at the college but the certificates were different and an investigation was conducted and the forger of the certificates was arrested.
The Department of Health and Family Welfare under the National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission has released the following worksheets and training materials: You will be treated by Community Health Officers (CHOs), Medical Officers, Multi-Purpose Workers (M/Fs)/ASHAs and Staff Nurses.
People can register and upload their run on the Fit India platform – and promote Freedom Run on their social media channels with #Run4India and #AzadikaAmritMahotsav.
The 18,422 candidates who have registered for the examination are 8,535 in Shillong, 4,269 in Jowai and 5,618 in Tura.
"“We have seen the border dispute between Mizoram and Assam, the MLAs of Mizoram regardless of the Ruling or Opposition party go to the border but if there are any riots and incidents on the border “Our politicians don't speak only in words,” said the KSU leader. “We see that even in the election campaign they don't speak but they speak only in the election campaign. something they just gossiped about and talked about to each other.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) will meet with the Director of DSEL tomorrow at 11 am to discuss issues such as the government's takeover of the teachers' post, and other issues related to the teachers' post. you read.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHASA) Central Body has expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of action by the Congress-led Government.
Shillong, Nailur 02: In a statement sent to the media, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today said that the Inner Line Permit has nothing to do with foreigners.
In this meeting, the NPP demanded that the army should be deployed to protect and protect the candidates especially those who have been in danger and urged that the constituencies should not be announced. in the midst of danger so that such incidents do not happen again.
The poetry reading was in English and Khasi by school children and college teachers.
Within New Jirang GS Circle: Wahsynon, Nonglum, Umsohpanan, Umlakro, Iosohksang, Umiong, Umkhawai, Amshyrkow and Center village.
Then when you know or are able to do something it is called TIP, when you don't know or hear about anything that has been sent or published it is called TIP. on the other hand, if you don't know or hear or know or are skilled in something, you don't know. or just Tip.
Member Indo German Parliamentary Forum 9.
Shillong, July 19: The BJP has announced the names of the candidates for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of June.
The President of the KSU Mawlai Mawiongrim Unit did not fail to give a call to the KSU Mawlai Mawiongrim Unit.
MSSASA demands that the Minister of Education should apologize for what he said. If he does not apologize, they will meet again tomorrow and take a decision to resign all the teachers. SSA, on the part of the teachers, has agreed and cooperated with the government. Their visit is not to fight against the government but to demand their rights.
She said that this problem is not only in Shillong but also in Tura.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the IYC, Rajesh Lapang and the office bearers of the IYC.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 21: The Indian Special Forces and the US Special Forces today launched a 20-day joint exercise at the Rangmen Army Base in Umroi. in Ri Bhoi District.
“After this incident, he said, there have been complaints from students especially from research scholars who have admitted that their guide is involved in illegal activities.
Other districts will be distributed in West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District and across the country.
The Commandant of 172 Bn BSF East Jaintia Hills Sanjay Sharma welcomed the 35 BGB members led by Mohd Assadunnabi, Commanding Officer of 19 BGB. of them in the game, this game was witnessed by the natives.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today convened a meeting of the Single Window Agency to discuss the applications sent to the government. There are many people who want to work in Meghalaya.
The DCPO of Ri Bhoi District has informed that if anyone has any information about the child please contact the office at 03638232087, 'Lawei Baphyrnai' The Chairman of the Child Welfare Committee, Ri Bhoi District – 9863017995 within 60 days, if there is no work within that period, the child will be released.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the budget for the year 2024-2025 with a deficit of T.4,33,410/-.
“On my part, when I turn to the Ranikor Constituency, in my requests in the last election and this time too, I want to stand out. This task is to carry the burden of Ranikor”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) to discuss the maintenance of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
The sirdars shall hold a dorbar hima in their respective himas to discuss this issue in which the children of the thousands shall take part to clarify this issue.
In an interview with journalists and the spokesperson of FKS, it was said that the Central Government through the Department of Minorities in India has set up a Commission to look into this matter and the FKS has met with government officials in Delhi to inform them about the IOA. to know that this covenant is still in force to this day.
The opening ceremony was held at the Khasi Seng Hall in Mawkhar with a prayer by the President of the Seng Bah MF Blah. you're going to Weiking Square.
In the meeting held today, the villagers of Nongwah Mawtamur said that their wishes remain the same as in 2015, but due to the request of the Hima Sohiong to return them to the Hima Sohiong. This is the meeting today.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has sent his condolences to the wife and children of Bah Sunn on the passing away of Bah Sunn and prayed that his soul may rest in peace. .
The Prime Minister said that the government is ready but it is difficult to do in a short period of time, but what the government will have to do is to do to meet the tensions between vulnerabilities and ensuring that the vulnerabilities can be resolved in order to move forward.
Shillong, Lber 24: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has decided to give its full support to the NDPP candidate Dr. Chumben Murry. There are three candidates for the 2024 MP election from the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, Agatha Sangma from the NPP, Saleng A Sangma from the INC and Zenith M Sangma from the INC.
There have been five recoveries from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 92212, who have been tested positive. There were 93,818 positive cases.
On the other hand, the residents of Marten said that this is the first time that a tragic incident has happened in this thehniut area. The night made it even more difficult to find the one who was buried alive because the sky was dark.
The work of these Community COVID-19 Committees together with ASHAs, Nurses and members of the Committee will go to each household to train the elderly on how to prevent the spread of the disease. COVID-19 disease.
Shillong, March 18: A man has been arrested for throwing bilor at the front of Ransom Sutnga, NPP candidate from 17-North Shillong, Shillong. Shillong City, said that such incidents cannot be registered against such incidents but have to be sent to court. CCTV footage.
Chairman Sanbor Shullai and Managing Director Cyril V. Diengdoh, who called for a meeting with the leaders of the union, said that the extension of service of Puranjan Das as The Chief General Manager of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited (MTC) has issued a Model Code of Conduct.
On behalf of the organization, I congratulate this team.
Shillong, November 26: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday met with the Principal Secretary of the Office of the Prime Minister of India, Nipendra Misra on the last day of the Parliament.
In recent years, NEIMA has been supported by Christian and non-Christian religions, civil society and many private individuals.
Mothers or women are the gift of God that mothers should be the first to praise God because they are birds and animals that praise God.
Therefore, if we cannot achieve a full victory, it will be another turning point for the opposition in the Legislative Assembly until those who have already lost their reputation in the world in the past will be defeated. .
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Boston Marak today appealed to the state government to provide financial assistance for the payment of the salary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). salaries of employees who have not received salaries for one month.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Leaders of the LSK on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. The wish of the group is that the time has come and according to the passage of time, women should also participate only as members of the Executive Committee in the Dorbar Shnongs.
At the meeting held today, the government has decided to allow all places of worship to ring the bells at 11.55 pm and the prayer will start at 12.00 pm in their respective places. manner according to their direction.
As Meghalaya has taken over from Assam at the time of its independence, this has affected the state in many ways. Please support this demand for the reform of the ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
The arrest of these leaders will help the police to learn more about the activities of the rebel group.
Bah Halding Paslein from Kesh village and the village officials said that the deterioration of the road is an extreme insult to the villagers.
Jrop is a former Project Officer of DRDA East Khasi Hills and contested the MLA election in 2013 from the Congress party but lost due to a fierce rift between the Congress leaders in the area. Shella.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: At a five-day meeting in Dhaka, Bangladesh, the Director General of BSF, KK Sharma, on Tuesday told the Border Guard BGB (BGB) that Bangladesh is the only country in India.
The Chief Minister informed the Union Minister that the government will work for the welfare of the people with disabilities.
She said that in a meeting with the party office bearers, she has encouraged women to come forward to contest the MLA elections in Meghalaya. to contest the election.
"It was also agreed to oversee the production of the film 'Liberation of Bangladesh in
The District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government has set up a Committee comprising the PWD Department and the three Autonomous District Councils of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo to regulate the existence of the gates. revenue within the jurisdiction of the District Councils of the State of Meghalaya.
Therefore, when talking about the border of Meghalaya, it is important for the Government of Meghalaya, the leaders of the jaidbynriew to understand clearly when talking about the border with the Government of India or with the Government of Assam. We should not surrender on this basis if we say that we are a unique nation.
Ministries and Departments of the Government of India and State Governments and Union Territory Authorities have been directed to ensure the full implementation of these Acts.
For the sake of the MDC Hostel, three more employees will not be appointed and the allocation of T.28 lakh is to pay the outstanding bills of the contractors and T. for the education department to The KHADC has allocated T.50 lakh for the study of Khasi customs and traditions.
She said that the government has approved the amendment to the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The three district councils of Meghalaya, the Khasi Hills Autonomous Council, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met at the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). in Shillong to discuss the Central Government's intention to implement the Uniform Civil Code in India.
The clashes broke out on July 15, 16 and 17 in which dozens of KSU members were shot and seriously injured.
He also informed about the special allocation for the youth from the border area and areas affected by insurgent activities.
The Union wants to ask who these 'high powers' are.
As part of the “MeriKahani, MeriZubani” initiative of the Yatra, more than 1.30 crore people shared their personal experiences, showcasing the experiences and aspirations of people from across the country. .
The KSU demands that if the government really has such concern for the people of the area, it should set up a block in the area which includes Mariem, Warsan Lyngdoh, Phlangdiloin and other places. do not fall within this area.
About five fire engines have arrived at the scene but many of the houses have already stopped because they are lyntang houses. the spread of fire to other houses.
Samla Daniel said that the meeting today was focused on the establishment of these three committees by the Government. Various committees have been set up to prevent the infiltration of foreign nationals into the state.
Police have seized drugs and a mobile phone and arrested Rofique Uddin Ahmed.
In his short speech before giving the blessing of the Holy Sacrament, the Apostolic Nuncio to India Rev. Leopoldo Girelli urged the faithful to pray and strengthen in their own faith to become a example to others.
The Election Commission has already warned the public against carrying more than T.50,000/- tyngka.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs said that all ranks of the Assam Rifles face many challenges for the sake of the security of the country and therefore their welfare is important to the Government.
Freddy Jyrwa of East Khasi Hills who scored four goals was named Top Scorer while Kitboklang Buam of West Jaintia Hills was named Top Scorer. Tiros Kyndait of West Jaintia Hills won the Best Goalkeeper award.
Through this statement, the party urges everyone to stop the import of foreign workers from other states and to once again look after our fellow countrymen who are suffering at this time. According to a statement sent by Samla Fredric Myrthong, President of Mawkhar Branch.
In the memory of this prominent writer of the state, the HYC has also held a competition in which the prizes were distributed to the winners.
The work has been progressing according to the schedule for 2 years to complete Phase-I. Currently, Package-2, Package-3, and 5 are also underway.
After these two parts of the programme, there were programs to demonstrate the identity of India especially from the North East.
On the EOI, Dr Donkupar said the government has already awarded the contract to the company, it is the responsibility of UCIL to do what is necessary, but it cannot. without the permission of the State Government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the BDO of Jirang C&RD Block is investigating the incident and a clear information will be available tomorrow morning.
The union will not take any responsibility if anything happens during the strike, while the government has not called for talks or resolved the strike.
With this victory, Prateek became the pride of India by beating 70 participants from 21 countries.
Others who were present were Pro VC of NEHU Prof Henry Lamin, Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry HDR Lyngdoh, Commissioner & Secretary, C & RD P Sampat Kumar, Secretary, C & RD and Mission Director, SRES, I R Sangma.
Shillong, August 17: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to conduct the registration of new names on the Electoral Roll on 1st July 2017 as eligible candidates.
Therefore, the KDA demands that the government should increase the amount of foodgrains according to the passage of time. , those with mental disabilities who rely on this food to support themselves and the government should provide food to all those who are disabled since they have received their Disability Certificate not only those who have reached 18 years of age, hato those under 18 years of age shall be free.
Bah Banshai said that as far as possible, the authorities will try to work and find out all the facts to bring to light the incidents that happen from time to time which have affected the young employees of the company. region as well as in the state as a whole for the personal gain of the government officials.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumpyngngad has already phoned the PWD department regarding the landslide and urged them to repair this road as this road is the budlum of the villages in the area from Borghat, Kharkhana, Pasadwar, From Lumpyngngad, Central Hawaii, to Lakroh, Muktapur and Ter Ter to Amlarem.
'Doctors For You' is a voluntary group which has supported 100 TB patients in East Khasi Hills District with food items.
He said that the Government has not done anything against the rules and regulations of the State. He said that the purpose of the State Anthem is to bring unity among the people of the State. the State.
The union strongly condemns the Education Minister at that time and urges the officers of the Education Department to whitewash the score sheets so that the people of these officials cannot be illegally appointed. the leaders of the people who are dressed in sheep's clothing.
It's the right of the press".
Because of these measures, Sikkim is now one of the cleanest states in the country.
Speaking on the occasion, UCC College Professor Professor Shri Phlegon Syndai said that every wise person is a fool and every fool is a fool.
Shillong, March 26: Police in East Khasi Hills District on receiving a tip that there are groups demanding money from shops in Iewduh and Police Bzar have set up a special team to investigate. children against this demand for shop money.
These shops are not owned by the market and are not built of wood.
“It was about 10:30 or 10:45 pm when the police arrested him.
In connection with this incident, the Police have conducted an investigation to track down those involved in this incident.
Police seized these flags and explosives after one of the arrested led them to a house where these illegal weapons were hidden.
Through the linkage with the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojna (PMJAY), MHIS now aims to provide more services and reach all households.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 532 new cases of COVID-19 in the country today. Bhoi, 44, South Garo Hills 26, South West Garo Hills 64, South West Khasi Hills 15, West Garo Hills 90, West Jaintia Hills 16 and West Khasi Hills
In the fight against terrorism, in the fight against crime and disturbance of peace, or even in helping citizens by holding their hands when they cross a flooded road .
On the other hand, the Home Minister said that in the event that the civil society comes to Delhi, it would be better to meet in Shillong and he will spend more time to meet with the civil society.
The president of the KSU at that time, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, was also arrested by the police.
Thousands of Catholics have laid flowers to pray for the family members of those who have gone before them.
Shillong, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangam today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to extend the age limit for government appointments to 37 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The body of Bah Marshal Marwein has been found by the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) today. I'm not going to be a rangbah.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has said that the road construction department of the PWD has been constructed by the PWD. the Government of Meghalaya.
“Recently, the State Government has set up the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board (MMRB).
The scheme will apply to all hospitals affiliated to the government whether in Meghalaya or under the state authorities as well.
They also gave explanations regarding the jobs that have to be fought for within the MPSC, UPSC and SSC and many other jobs not only in government jobs.
There are 64 examination centers in Shillong region while 39 examination centers in Tura region.
His body was taken to Umyiap and the funeral service will be held at the Umyiap Presbyterian Church.
The committee was appointed after a meeting between the Prime Minister and the 13 civil society organizations held in June this year. put by your government.
said the young Emotional King.
The union expects the government to take action immediately and send an immediate resolution to the central government.
In the letter, the opposition said that the government led by Conrad K Sangma has lost confidence in the government on the grounds that the government has not been able to protect the state. many things and many other things.
Shillong, July 21: The theme of this year's International Day of Yoga is 'Yoga for Oneself and Society' under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ), Shillong and PM SHRI Kendriya Vidyalaya Happy Valley today celebrated the International Day of Yoga at the school through the implementation of the Common Yoga Protocol.
The President said that when we celebrate the 75th anniversary of independence, when we remember the events related to the struggle, when we think about the life and work of great leaders, we do this to understand where we are now compared to their goals.
The Prime Minister stressed the need to increase the availability of beds, oxygen and child care facilities in the North East.
Through this notice, the CCPA warns that any advertising or support for illegal activities, including but not limited to advertising or promotion, shall be subject to scrutiny.
Also expect others to come forward to donate blood.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Nikistar said that the SDO has issued the permit on 29th June 2023 and as soon as the order is issued, price suddenly you shallan stone.
To provide roads to the villages through the PMGSY for the Rural Roads Project-II (RRP-II) will now be funded through the World Bank.
The Chairman of the North East Students' Organization (NSU) has urged the people in Shillong to go to Delhi to hold a mass protest to express to the Government of India the opposition of the people of North East to the Bill. .
“Not only that they forcibly sold the land, but the RaidMawpdang branch has also treated them as foreigners for 10 days and they have not been able to fight,” said Bah Kharumnuid.
The CEO said that there are 10 candidates, seven from Shillong Seat and four from Tura Seat.
The training was given on the topic, Children who do not obey their parents, Children who do not respect their elders, Children who do not respect the language of the Thylliej , Children who do not know how to be clean, Children who do not know how to respect the buildings in the village, Children who do not respect education, Children who do not fear their God.
“We demand from the government to increase the youth card from 32 years to 40 years as has been done in other states in the North East so that that it will open up opportunities for young people who can work in the field.
Weightlifting is a good sport in the State and my presence will take these children to the goal and we really hope that they will reach the goal.
This was announced in a statement by Khelor Kharnaior, President of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangah Shnongs, Village Authorities, School Teachers and residents. The Rangah Shnongs congratulated the BSF for their assistance to the border villages.
Brief 27: The Ministry of Defense of the Federal Government has issued an order today with Guidelines for Surveillance, Control and Prudence, which will come into effect from June 1, 2021 and remain in force until 28 June, 2021.
Therefore, we urge the state government and the MLA to take immediate action against these soldiers, while the tragic incident has not happened in this area as it was said. happened in the city of Mawshun.
Shillong, July 8: The people of Meghalaya are looking forward to the Cabinet meeting to be held tomorrow morning to discuss the work of MeECL. The UDP has urged the government to consider carefully the proposal to hand over some parts of MeECL to private companies, such as the MLAs of Jaintia Hills. The Chief Minister has already expressed his opposition to MeECL and the Minister of Power.
Jowai, Naitung 06: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples of War Jaintia Circle has renewed its office bearers at a meeting held at Dawki Community Hall on Tuesday in the presence of only the elders of the area.
“We are afraid as mothers when we go and come back we don't know what will happen later.
Shillong, March 20: The Mawryngkneng Zonal Committee (PDF) on Tuesday said that the allegation made by the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) is groundless.
The screening time at Biju Cinema will be 11 pm, 1 pm, 3 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm.
There are 8 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills. 92083 people.
Minister of State for New and Renewable Energy.
The 36 MLAs including 24 Garo MLAs including two MPs were urged to stand up and lead and appear before the Parliament of India to demand strongly on this issue.
Supporters of Bah Pyniaid Syiem and Bah Lamphrang Blah were present on the occasion. Both the candidates, while speaking to reporters, hoped that the people would give their support. to reach success.
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to check oneself from time to time to get health, as many people have to spend a lot of money for treatment when they get sick. This is why the government wants all government employees to go to the doctors from time to time.
Furthermore, the MePDCL has found that West Jaintia Hills District needs a total of
The union has urged the new Vice Chancellor to appoint a Registrar and a full time Finance Officer inside the university. the work was given to them to be watchmen.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three personnel involved in the shooting of a truck which led to the death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih in Mawshun.
Replying to additional questions, the CEm said that compared to other District Councils in the state, KHADC is still able to look after the employees.
Dr. Ampareen said she has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to conduct a public awareness campaign on this issue. .
Wanboklang went missing at 5:30 pm and was last seen on the By-Pass Road in Traw Lwai.
Shillong, March 07: Police of Laitumkhrah police station have received a complaint from a 16-year-old girl who was taken by a taxi driver to Laitkor Peak and raped at that place.
According to the rules, the release of funds comes after receipt of the Utilization Certificate of the funds released in the previous section and after receipt of a report from the State Government on the work done by the SDRF. .However, due to the urgency, these requirements have been suspended when the money has been released this time.
So that if the RBCC finds out the truth about this allegation it will punish according to the rules of the party.
According to information received from the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, the state governments have paid compensation to the farmers who lost their crops due to LSD. The affected people can get assistance from the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) which has provided them according to the approval of the Government of India on equipment and procedures,” said Rupala.
The award ceremony was conducted by the President of the Riti Academy, Bah Raphael Warjri; who expressed his deep appreciation for the work of the Governor; even in the midst of the fourth pandemic of COVID
However, when they talked to Bah Hek during that period, it was just a meeting without doing anything, said Bah Basil Lyngdoh.
On the occasion of the 47th Anniversary of Independence of the State, the public will be allowed to enter Ward's Lake and Lady Hydari Park free of charge. Library and Polo there will be a football match between the Prime Minister's team and officers.
The battalion has now taken over the duties of the Ceremonial Army Guard of the President of India.
The demolition of the Coke Plants is a stepping stone to achieve the goal of preserving the environment and the water supply of the area.
Before the end of his term as Chief Minister of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh today handed over a Work Order worth T.50,0 Bah BR Kharmujai, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Mawdatbaki in the presence of members of the Dorbar Shnong for the completion of the Community Hall.
They also requested the Governor to talk to the Central Government on the issue of SSA teachers. Delhi and during this visit he will talk to the central government authorities.
Historical facts and documents were not used in the first demarcation.
Furthermore, the union warns against those people who are afraid to drive their vehicles, which endanger the safety of traffic and which cannot reach the border. unfortunately for passengers.
He also informed that tomorrow is the 10th of March.
According to police, the driver of the coal truck was identified as Rahul Boroo.
The Garo language is spoken in four districts in Meghalaya and some parts of the Khasi Hills . There are currently 22 languages ​​included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution India.
The GHDC is hopeful of winning the election tomorrow morning in the 29th Legislative Assembly. There are 16 MDCs in the 29th Legislative Assembly. after.
Lanalang K. Diengdoh, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat District, has been transferred and appointed as Extra Assistant Commissioner.
He said that the price of beef has increased in the state. When asked, the people said that it is due to the lack of production of beef, the people have to buy beef from outside the state. Nonglait said that the reason is to introduce poultry and piggery farming in Assam. The district, not only to reduce the price of beef, but also to provide employment opportunities to the unemployed youth to generate income for the people of South West Khasi Hills.
In Lower Mawprem, Rana Compound and Md.Salim Compound in Lower Mawprem have been declared as Containment Areas. gathering people.
“But they (foreigners) don't listen and don't tell us anything.
Edn Secretary – Jordan Rymbai Game & Sports Secretary – Damekit Sumer Asstt.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the Dorbar Shnongs of Mawprem, Kynton Masar and Phudmuri have attended the meeting. Other Dorbar Shnongs were also invited to attend, but they informed that they could not attend because they had already set up their work.
According to the Sordar of Wei Mynsier, the body was found by people who went to collect shyiap from this river on the 3rd of June
Manipur beat Mizoram 9-2 and in the second leg against Nagaland, Manipur beat 16-0
The meeting also discussed how to improve the NEIGRIHMS Hospital which belongs to the Union Government. During the meeting, the Union Minister said that many things still need to be done to improve the hospital. the challenges that remain, especially in its management.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the budget for the three months of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the year 2014-2 , the budget is T.15,24,82,4
At the same time, the delay in payment of the baitiar by the Rural Development Department, where the government has not paid for more than a year, has left the suppliers unable to provide support. He said that the same problem is faced by other parts of the state.
The party also wants to state that as the party, it has nothing to do with these acts committed by the robbers,” said the petition.
He urged the people who still wish to register under MHIS to do so and the office will be open for this purpose.
The tournament ended on the 16th of this month with a game and a public meeting at Madan Shnong Jongsha.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed that the government's focus on economic development along with inheritance has been of great benefit to the youth of the country.
If this is not done, oil prices should rise to 300$/ per barrel! We are still working for domestic oil exploration and electricity transformation.
He said that 35 ambulances are in the ground floor of the office of the Director of Health Services and 24 of them have already been inspected and now the drivers have to see what needs to be done for safety. vehicle.
“The President of Shillong City, the Superintendent of Shillong City and other leading party leaders will visit all the constituencies in Shillong from the first month of this month,” said the President of Shillong City. Shillong City Bah M.Kharkrang.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has already made it clear that the UDP, which has the most MLAs in the MDA government, will not have any. The HSPDP party which has only two MLAs has won one seat, the PDF party which has four MLAs has won one seat. two ministerial seats and the BJP with two MLAs has one ministerial seat.
Shillong, Lber 23: A 12-year-old girl who was raped in Nongstoin in the quarter of the PWD department was brought to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. pregnant.
Jowai, Naiwieng 04: The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has decided to oppose the call of 40 organizations to block the road because the village has planned to hold a market fete for the construction of a school building in the village. 5 and 6th of this month.
On the other hand, the robber, who was waiting on the ground floor of the house, took the pla carrying Bah Rishan and fled the scene.
BSF troops have seized these sarees from the border of Barmanbari village, East Khasi Hills District, where they found the sarees hidden in a house. used more at the border.
This will be the second time in the history of Meghalaya that a candidate will contest the MLA election from two constituencies.
The Meghalaya Government has requested 75 Digital Satellite Phone Terminals (DSPT) in preparation for any natural disaster. BSNL has already allocated 44 units and the remaining 31 units will be completed soon, she said.
“We have also taken a decision that we will oppose the proposal to implement the Limitation Act. These are the decisions taken by the state government at the meeting of all the MDCs today”.
He said that the House has already decided to write to the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the ban on coal mining under the Sixth Schedule. This household council is one of the most important houses in the country.
Support for Higher Education.
After the ceremony, a visit was made to the kyrsoi pond from the well at Lawbah village, and from there, everyone returned with joy and hope to have such a walk in one. period.
The celebration was held at Mawpat and the president of the BWWA is the wife of the DG of BSF. to help the wives of soldiers who have lost their husbands and to assist them and train them how to stand on their own feet in economy.
“If peace means that they have to stand in the middle of injustice, we don't want that either because the peace of the living is different from the peace of the dead,” said Bah Saińkupar Nongtraw General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement.
How can the Prime Minister and the Home Minister come within 10 hours without any reasons that can benefit him and the BJP party? one.
And that is to cover our poor nation with a mynder shisngi.
At the time of writing, the search operation for the suspects in the area is ongoing.
This will help prevent the spread of Covid-19,” said Bah Lyngdoh, who is preparing his field for planting rice.
On the other hand, Bah Rymbai said that all the children who have reached the top 30 will be held in Shillong including those children from Garo Hills.
This shows that many development works have been done by the government in the last four years. The State of Ri has received funds to promote economic growth in the State.
Shillong, Lber 27: Two persons were killed in a road accident in Ichamati under Sohra Civil Sub Division this morning.
HANM celebrated its 15th anniversary on November 26, 2023.
At the same time, the police have made it clear that the HNLC is still an illegal organization, so anyone who contributes to the HNLC if they know will not be punished according to the rules. law.
Roy and Arvind Kymar, police also seized the vehicle used by them and three mobile phones were seized from them.
He urged the officers to oversee the tender process and monitor the implementation.
The names of the universities released by the UGC today in different states are Bihar-1
“I have phoned the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta, and I have gone to congratulate him on his appointment as the new Chief Minister of Assam,” he said. let the Metbah.
In fact, two of the MLAs of the party are the members of the Regional Committee and these two inform the party about what is said from time to time and what is happening within the committee, the party congress. Now it will no longer be a party that is against politics within the party but it will be a party that can serve the people.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep invites all the Chiefs from the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars and all the Khun Ki Hajar to attend the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on the 13th August 2013 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. Mawkhar, Shillong, as part of the commemoration of the 65th Anniversary of the ratification of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement by the Government of India on 17th August 1948, and the remaining promises.
It is on this basis that the party demands that Meghalaya should not have three tyngdong lyer and the state government should find a way to raise the necessary funds.
Those who are entitled to receive the assistance have already left the government office through the right route without illegally occupying the land of others.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The strike called by the ACHIK, led by the two leaders of Laben Ch Marak, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, and Balkarin Ch Marak, leader of the GSMC, has reached today. six.
Answering a question by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, the Chief Minister said that the payment is 1% and 3% of the scheme and the preparation of the schemes has been done in conjunction with the presence of officers. from the state government.
Shillong, December 11: The Speaker of the House, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has refused to accept the adjournment motion tabled by the opposition to discuss corruption in the state.
Jowai, July 11: The JSU has urged the public to refrain from being smuggled by Bangladeshis, to be vigilant and to be prepared to protect themselves.
“Due to the lack of purchase of these original items, the Council has decided to exhibit these items at the Monolith Festival which was held for two days in April. ne u last year.
The BNSS also said that investigations into illegal activities should be completed within three years and a decision should be issued after 45 days of hearing.
Therefore, you are kindly requested to bring to the attention of the students through your respected newspaper this 15Meritorious Award for Student, 2018, which will be a great honor for them.
The Trust was led by Prashnat Naik, a retired IAS officer from Meghalaya.
Maybon Lyngdoh said many political leaders have come to condole with them, such as TMC, BJP, KHNAM, civil society organizations like KSU, HYC, HNYF and others who have helped them to provide food as a condolence. to the teachers who are involved in this strike.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today expressed its regret that the government has not released their salaries for nearly five months.
There have been incidents when domestic workers have been raped and tortured in 40 ways and the Union has immediately sought the assistance of the police,” said Kong Riahtam.
On the part of the school authorities and the Health Care, they expressed their gratitude to the MLA who has been with them from time to time and who has been ready to lend a helping hand in any situation. for the soul.
Furthermore, each vehicle must have a High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) and a copy of the Registration Certificate must be displayed during the search at any time.
In a society where the backward classes, whether SC, ST, or OBC are part of the development work in the country.
He also said that the footpaths of the people should not be allowed to be turned into shopping malls.
The HNYF fully supports the FIR of Lawsohtun Village against Patricia Mukhim because what she says is clearly a racial discrimination and the HNYF requests the police to take immediate action against her. the FIR of the Lawsohtun Village Council.
He encouraged the farmers of the state to raise fish and the government will do its utmost to promote this industry in order to increase income and at the same time to train people to take care of the fish.
On this occasion, there was a launch of the laws issued by the Government of India on the CAA under the leadership of NESO and KSU.
Continental Milkcose Ltd has been producing these products for Meghalaya for 20 years. The government will seek a written explanation from the company and the Assam police.
The KSU strongly condemns the misuse of the powers entrusted to him by the VC in which he has acted and taken personal decisions on all matters and the working methods of the NEHU. The KSU said that the actions of the VC are part of the insult to the foreigners who work and study at NEHU. The KSU condemns and will not forgive such actions.
The theme of the National Road Safety Week 2017 is “Your safety, your home, be careful when on the road.
In his welcome speech, the new CEM, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the District Council is not only for development works, but the management should be transparent.
Earlier, the Adviser of WORD, Bah Kyrmenlang Uriah, who is also a resident of the area, explained the purpose of Mrs Ri Bhoi.
The DC said that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has written a letter to the Chief Secretary of Assam regarding the illegal erection and construction of the BOP by Assam within the border of Meghalaya. .
There was also an awarding ceremony for the students who passed the B.Sc (Honours) examination and Lily Nongsiej who passed the SSLC examination
The owner of the shop was identified as Maseh Chachan.
The Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, which is a crop insurance scheme, has not been implemented by the state government to explain to the farmers. “The money allocated for agriculture has been used for other purposes and the government has not been able to fill it,” said the BJP leader. There are 100 vacancies in the Agriculture Department from Post Officers to small posts in grade B, C and D which is a source of unemployment for the unemployed youth.
Don Bosco College Tura has won the third position through Aditya Prasad, Shillong College Higher Secondary Education, Shillong has won the fourth position through Dicky Nongpluh and Alpha Higher Secondary School, Shillong. in the 10th position through Jagjot Singh Nongtdu.
Referring to the seizure of dynamite from East Jaintia Hills, Prestone said that the government will not allow any illegal activity and the law will do what it says.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, in the past few months, has appealed to the people of Meghalaya to contribute to the Chief Minister Relief Fund. and the people of Uttarakhand who have been affected by the natural disaster.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkynrew Circle has expressed its gratitude to the State Government for appointing a Block Development Officer (MCS) officer. development works in many ways.
The price of Mawshun is brought by the Khar Mahajon East Pakistan on Market Days.
Both the MUDA and KHADC Acts approve the provisions of the Disaster Management Act 2005 and the National Disaster Management Authority, and many other provisions.
Even in these days we see that foreigners are willing to use weapons to harm the Jaitbynriew, not to loot and steal money.
Dr. Marbhador M.Khymdeit gave the welcome speech.
They were handed over to the Mawlai Police Station and taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for medical examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Police Department in collaboration with the BSF in the past 48 hours have seized T.28.83 lakh tyngka, 2203 liters of kyiad from across the state.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The residents of Ranikor Civil Sub Division South West Khasi Hills District have faced many problems due to network failure, lack of equipment and shortage of staff within SBI. Queen's Branch.
Other decisions were taken on the introduction of the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears 2020, the amendment to the Stamp Duty, and the amendment of the Stamp Duty. banks don't have to pay stamp duty.
Shillong, July 31: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) today held a public meeting at Nongspung Market to explain to the public about the threat posed by the Citizenship Amendment Act Inner Line Permit within the State of Meghalaya.
The death toll has risen to 14 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. 988 people to date.
At the end of the meeting, Standby me Sari gave a special welcome speech.
“If Bah Tynsong asks questions about the crimes, his statement contradicts his statement. The Prime Minister, MHA officials and AK Mishra who is the mediator.
If the JAC finds anyone who is smuggling over the border, it will take action by arresting the illegal coal and Mawshun trucks and handing them over to the authorities. The F.I.R., according to a statement sent by Bah Lasting Pala, Chairman of JAC Namchiang, Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 17: The Union Minister of State for Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah today inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor, Shillong.
He recalled the people who gave their lives in the bloodshed known as Jallianwala Bagh, which took place on Baisakhi in
This was announced by the President of the party, Bah Peter Lawai.
There is a risk that calcium carbide can enter the soil and leave arsenic and phosphorus in the soil.
As the Seng which has a responsibility for the welfare of the residents, we will continue to follow up on this issue until the demands of the Seng are met so that it will be a true blessing to the residents. village and the whole area.
The Government of India is celebrating 'Vanijya Saptah' from 20th to 26th November 2021 across the country to showcase India's strengths and opportunities for business and exports .
There shall be no restriction on movement within and between the State. There shall be no restriction on the movement of persons and transportation of goods within and between the State.
concluded the statement by the leader of the party.
In any work and without forgetting the Creator at any time whether we belong to any faith.
Meanwhile, the Waheh Shnong of Khatkasla said that we are very grateful to Nehimaya Tyngkan for this good deed and we hope that he will continue to do good deeds for the betterment of the community.
He said the party demands laws to strengthen the trade and wages of the indigenous people.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Himalaya Shangpliang and Dikanchi Shira have left for Ranikor to meet with the people. to decide on the name of the candidate on the 30th of this month.
Speaking to reporters at the gate of the Governor's House after a meeting with the Governor on these two issues, the Chairman of CoMSO, Bah Ribertjune Kharjahrin, said: that as the Governor of the State he has the same feelings as the Chief Minister of the State.
““When they give that reason, it doesn't matter and on our part, we are looking for other ways how to convey through social media to the people the importance of this National Day.
In such cases, the Government should conduct a thorough investigation so that the victims can get a fair trial,” said the MPHRC. If there is any allegation of violation of human rights, such allegations shall be conducted by an impartial investigation and when any Government official is found to be “I urge the Government Commission not to sit idly by and watch all the incidents related to the violation of human rights,” said the MPHRC. However, it should immediately take steps to conduct an investigation so that there will be a fair trial on those acts of violence committed by the police and Government officials,” said the MPHRC. All that the Human Rights Act of 1948 enshrines each and every citizen that we have the right to protection and security which cannot be separated from dignity and The Khasi Students Union (KSU), which is one of the groups working with the North East Students Organization (NSU), on November 11, 2023, raised its flags. and banners across Shillong to protest against the Government of India's failure to listen to the voice of the minorities of the North Eastern States by passing the Act known as the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019.
In reply, Sohra Cluster (A) were bowled out for 75 runs for the loss of 10 wickets after 12.3 overs. Ryan Emi Swer tied 20 runs from 16 balls.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the price of Diesel and Petrol by 50 naira.
Let it be from income generation, education and peace and stability in the country as a whole.
The Ministry has launched the Utsav Portal, a digital initiative launched by the Ministry of Tourism, which aims to showcase festivals, programs and live darshans across the country to promote various regions of the country. as popular tourist attractions around the world.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that the world cannot be destroyed by preserving its own culture, customs and traditions. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people to work together to preserve these festivals to showcase to the world their heritage.
Speaking on the Zero Hours Notice of TS Thangkhiew MDC from Mylliem were Bah B Basaiawmoit, as the initiator of the discussion. MoU with UCIL in 2006 and NOC was issued in
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he has spoken to the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police. Police of the District.
The winners are completely lost and the winners do and decide as they please.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the government has decided to lift the closure of the dam at 6.00 pm this morning. until 4.00 pm in Shillong.
The scam operates primarily through WhatsApp groups, where members entice others to join and participate in various investment schemes.
The Khasi in the past used to like to hunt and shoot animals in the forest to eat meat but in this age there are no more hunters because there are strict rules of law to kill animals.
Now we, we will confirm don't prosecute these kids until you confirm who is responsible for killing those people by guessing.
E-KYC of farmers and payments using Aadhar Payment Bridge (APB) are the initiatives launched by the Ministry of Agriculture to bring more clarity under this scheme.
The team led by the Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Housing, LC Marak today 2nd November 2024 will visit all the seven districts of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
“There will be explanations from various departments on the schemes that have benefited the farmers, such as the Department of Agriculture, Horticulture, Fisheries, Veterinary and especially the various missions that the Government has introduced. There will also be a Question Hour in the Legislative Assembly where the farmers from each Block have already prepared the documents which the Union has already sent to the offices of the Union. The government did not respond to the question.
The JSU, through Treibor R Suchen General Secretary of the JSU, said that Conrad's actions are unacceptable because the ILP resolution has been passed in the Legislative Assembly. The people of Hynniewtrep have demanded ILP in the past years.
The three MLAs who attended the meeting were Renikton L Tongkhar MLA of Mawkyrwat, Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of Mawsynram and Pius Marwein MLA and MDC of Ranikor and Langrin. The KSU was led by Forwardman Nongrem.
Students of MLCU performed a short play on the right to look at women.
This has helped Risingbor in his work as a musician and instrument maker.
Dr Jemino said that this center is a blessing to the people to learn how to stand on their own feet in this age of unemployment by training them to work in any job. which ones.
Give speedy trial to those who commit such illegal activities and to detain those who commit such illegal activities.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah P Phawa, has informed the government authorities to investigate the incident.
Dundee Khongsit said that the samples were taken in two parts, one for the presence of bacteria in the water and the other for the presence of bacteria. copper.
U Bah JJ Lyngdoh said that there is something behind this issue which they cannot know their secret intention, and today they cannot go to the KHADC to see. and judge on this case of Lawmeipdeng.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Speaking at a meeting on the conservation of wildlife, the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that it is the responsibility of each and everyone to preserve the wildlife. man to preserve all living things on this earth.
The Minister said that the organization of such a tournament is not just a tournament but the government has planted the seeds in the future generations by opening the door for them to participate in the tournament. talent in the field of sports.
In a meeting with the SP, the SP promised to take action and arrest those involved immediately.
The hearing will be conducted by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
The opening ceremony was also attended by 10 Ministers from different countries who joined the Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal on the occasion. various meetings at GMIS,
The District Administration has called a Peace Committee to discuss the incident and bring peace in the area.
Shillong, March 04: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has commemorated Dr Martin N Majaw on his 88th birth anniversary on 3rd March.
The KSU has decided to wait until the end of November 2023, as the DC EJHD has announced through the media that the campaign will start at the end of this month.
Those who wish to participate are kindly requested to collect the forms and pay the fees at S.Marwein & Sons Shop in Lad Block, SMK Enterprise & TM Printers in Mawkyrwat Market. or by phone at Phone No.7005677314, 8787367003, 8787832965,
The KSU also has a complaint against the allocation of land by others not during the time of Bah RV Lyngdoh and this allocation is to people who do not know who gave this land. The central government and the party demand that the government should review these agreements.
Expressing his surprise at the invitation of the Inquiry Commission appointed by the Assam Government to the witnesses from Meghalaya, Bah Chandame Sungoh said, “The Inquiry Commission from Assam has been invited three times. called.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, while inaugurating the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) at the Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang, on Tuesday said that the government has will provide an ambulance for this health centre.
According to the Director of Tourism, the union has collected a census of all the tourists who come to the state.
The suspect works under the AH&V Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
The school has started school since 16th October and the other classes of the school have been teaching smoothly until today which has been going on for 4 months while the students of class IX are still studying. They have been waiting for teachers for four months now because the government has not done anything.
Why don't the districts think they can become transportation hubs?  Each district has its own unique resources and strengths.
Latest reports said that there has been another change of agreement that the land will not be given to the SMB, but discussions are ongoing that the full office of the Shillong Municipal Board will be built on this land. now.
The teacher who has served in Laitnongkseh LP School and also to punish Bah P Shylla who is the Head Teachers cum Secretary of this school and also to ask for an explanation regarding the dismissal of this teacher. Mr. T Farmer.
"This closer endorsement of India's rise and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision by the Global Times shows the growing recognition of India's rising power and the strengths of its relations. India in relation to other countries.
“However, more than three months have passed since the examination for the above posts but the Commission has not yet announced the results of the written examination.
They were taken to Jowai Civil Hospital by ambulance
Speech by the Congress candidate on the 2nd of this month at a public meeting held at Dadenggre, the Congress candidate said that The BJP cannot protect Christians and Muslims and it is only the Congress party that can protect the minorities.
The meeting was also attended by Dr S Japhet, Professor & Director, Center for Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, National Law School, Bangalore, and Dr Bala Gurumurthy, President, Normadic. Tribes Mahasabha, and Dr.S.Madheswaran, Adviser, Planning, Govt.
Many of the schools in Shillong have opened today and the students have been able to meet with the teachers to ask for clarification regarding the job opportunities according to the subjects that the students need.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya today sent his condolences on the sudden passing away of former Chief Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee. AIIMS Hospital New Delhi.
The DG, ICMR said that there should be no sting as there have been about 40,000 cases per day in the past few months.
The training was attended by both adults and children. About 250 people from all over the state took part in the training.
The Government of India has launched the PRASAD scheme for the year 2014-2015 under the Ministry of Tourism.
The four roads he visited include the road to Sanker Hospital, Mawkynroh-Umshing road, Mawlai Nongpdeng road, Iewrynghep road and drain and Mawlai Nongkwar drain.
The bridge used for the passage of vehicles on the Shillong Bye Pass is an old bridge of the old road. the power of this bridge.
In a statement sent today, the party believes that the central government and the government, as well as the HNLC, should put aside their doubts and prejudices in order to find another one. way to bring peace.
Overall, 7,388 public marches were conducted to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of smoking.
We have become mynder in our own country.
This is in accordance with Vide Order No.DC.XXVII/Genl/4/2011-12/10 dated
The NPP Ranikor Block will convene a meeting on 03rd June 2020 at Rangthong to discuss the Mid-Term MDC Election for the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency.
Before the funeral, a funeral service was held at the residence of Lapalang in the presence of all the family members. Catholic Church in Umpling for burial.
He spoke about the increasing confidence of the pharmaceutical industry in India and stressed the need to take advantage of this and work to protect this reputation.
The basis of HANM is that HANM welcomes investment in the state whether it is from any part of India or the world. people to come and create jobs, on one condition that the state owners will get jobs, the people of the state will increase.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar to acknowledge that the Mawjymbuin Crematorium belongs to the people. under the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong.
Speaking to officials from various departments such as Planning, Education, Health and Family Welfare, Agriculture, Forests, Tourism and others, Singh said, “The Central Government under the leadership of The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has made the development and improvement of the livelihood of the tribals in India a priority.
Iengskhem Syiemlieh Vice President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Hamir Syiemlieh (General Secretary KSU Rangthong Unit), Kensimphlang Village Minister, Rangjadong Village Minister, parents and others.
It is important to look at this as the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and the provisions of the Act are in harmony.
She said that the tender was supervised by the Tender Committee. There was a heavy competition among the companies that submitted the tender because all of them felt that they were the best to operate the 108 vehicles. Meghalaya.
The Government has taken this decision to appoint the Ksiang to take forward the proposal of the HNLC which has no conditions to reach the peace talks as they have sent a letter to the table. talk to peace.
Team mate Mark Austin Wanswett then saw his effort denied a few minutes later by a full-blooded dive by Nongthymmai goalkeeper Akash Thapa.
In the middle of the road there is also All Saint Higher Secondary School where many people like to send their children to school.
The police have registered a case under CID PS No 01(10) 2022 u/s 120 (B)/409/420/468/471/477(A) IPC r/w Sec 13 ( 2) Sections 13 (1) (a) and 13 (1) (b) of the PC Act 1988 for which a case was registered against him on
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the new Digital Learning Centre, the Union Minister said: I appreciate this school for serving the people of Meghalaya and the North East of India.
Adelbert said that if the government doesn't have anything to do with it, it should do whatever it takes to avoid the conflict. do for them.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have moved up to the top of Group D with three points.
Shillong, July 02: The Government of Meghalaya has dismissed Arunkumar Khembhavi as the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District in place of Bah S Kharled.
Meghalaya Police on 11th July 2019 registered a Suo-Moto case against three organizations, HNYF, RBYF and FKJGP, for not getting permission from the authorities. The leaders of these three parties and their members have gathered at Khyndailad, near the former Legislative Assembly of the state, to protest against the admission of the of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016.
On the other hand, AIM Meghalaya State Unit requests for a full explanation through the State Government and we have to ask AIM Meghalaya when it tried to meet with the Education Minister of Meghalaya Shri. The Director of DSEL, Shri Swapnil Tembe, IAS, could not be reached for comment and immediately had to meet the Joint Director of DSEL, Bah L. Lyngdoh.
The CEM of KHADC has urged the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take action against this issue. children, there is a vaccine against COVID-19, people should be afraid that doing so will discourage the people, instead of the people trusting the vaccines the government will discourage the people.
The morning program will be a thanksgiving service, followed by a commemoration of the 60th Anniversary in the afternoon, according to a statement sent by Father Silvanus Nongkynrieh, Rector of the school.
Shillong, July 11: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today informed that the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District has been directed to appear before the Commission on July 2024.
It was also informed that more drugs will be burned once the court orders.
With the introduction of this policy, the state government has allowed mobile companies to install their towers in the buildings of government offices from 15th July
This 106th anniversary of the Shad Suk Mynsiem has grown stronger and stronger as the days and years go by, and this dance shows to the world that as the Khasi people we have our own culture and this Shad Suk Mynsi is the tradition of the Khasi people which has been inherited from their ancestors since ancient times.
At present, many documents, boxes of memoranda have been received, and replies have been received from Government departments, Parliament, the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) April 2012, from the Law Division, 2012, which has been clarified by the Government of Meghalaya and the Ministry of Home Affairs.
He said that the Hon'ble High Court has made it clear that the right documents are with the CBI. and several MLAs while the officers in charge were sacrificed.
In this regard, the Government today clarified that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has not said these words but said that the Government will look into them. all efforts to fight against insurgency in Garo Hills.
Jowai, July 02: On the 28th of this month, the Daloi of Jwai Constituency, Waheh KC Rymbai, launched a book written by DR Michael Buam, a young man from Jowai.
In the letter, the Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri, said that this request was made during the Congress government when Dr Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister. .
Speaking to media, Arman Malngiang said that the students have demanded that the Principal should exempt the 4th Semester students from the rule of wearing uniforms when coming to classes.
Elbring Elb Umbah, a farmer and winner of two gold medals from India, has been arrested.
According to the complaint of the mother, the incident occurred on the 6th of this month at 9.30 pm.
Police have arrested the suspects and seized a bike, two phones and awarded a reward to the home guard who helped the police to arrest the suspects. .
Shillong, Nailar 20: After the completion of the repair of the road from Laskein to Lad Mooshrot, the residents of Psiar and Khatkasla areas today came to protest. The road from Wah Myntang to Wah Wyrjiang (Psiar) will be repaired.
Shillong, Lber 11: Replying to a question raised by George B Lyngdoh on the request for more funds by the government department, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that The Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawiong will be commissioned on the 1st of June.
“The number of staff and the quality of treatment at the PHC remains the same and it is not appropriate to say that it has been upgraded to the status of CHC,” said the statement.
The Police Booth is located in the middle of the footpath and the police driving are on the road. claim.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Government has decided to provide financial assistance to the farmers of the State to receive a 2% discount on the Kisan Credit Card (KCC).
Police are conducting a search operation in the area till this evening.
The Seng feels that the CRPF and Shillong Municipal Board have been occupying land illegal and we urge the District authorities of East Khasi Hills to take immediate action and stop the occupation. A Super Market should be built in this part of the river.
There are 5 locations that are not managed by those locations.
The scheme aims to provide financial assistance to all farmer families who own land across the country which is for agricultural use, subject to certain conditions.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie on Tuesday met with Dy. CEM of JHADC AA Shullai in his office.
They today submitted another petition to Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC, Chairman, KHADC recalling the petition submitted last year on 15th October 2019 when he was the Deputy Chief Executive Member. KHADC: The Chairman, KHADC, was informed about the need to set up a special emergency Mylliem Hima Committee to amend the Act 2007 and Rule 2015 of the Mylliem Syiemship so that they can empower the people.
Replying to a question, Bah Tynsong said, “It is not that we don't have detailed information, it is not that we don't have enough staff but if the people find anyone who is involved, they should inform. We will not disclose their names, just inform us who is in charge, then the Police will do their duty.
Government assistance and their expenditure do not fall.
The beauty is that the children are still young and this youngness is reflected in the pictures they draw and paint.
Shillong, Lber 14: The BSF troops in West Jaintia Hills have been working hard to curb smuggling from India to Bangladesh and other illegal activities on the border with the country whether at night or during the day. .
The 75th anniversary of the Republic is a cornerstone in the development of the country.
The 31 muid were seized from Ichamati road on the border with Bangladesh. The 31 muid were packed in two trucks worth T.8.5 lakh.
In this campaign, the District Administration has brought about a change in the mindset of the people by wearing masks, following social distancing, wearing hand sanitizers. and most importantly, many of the shops have sprayed their shops with medicines and hopefully this will continue in the future.
We are fortunate to have enjoyed the benefits through the work done by people with great patriotic spirit.
The ability to provide protection to women and children reflects the state of the country.
Regarding the silence of the Congress leaders and Khasi and Garo independent leaders, KHNAM has no difference because as it turns out, they are only servants not of the people but of the Meghalaya United Alliance. (MUA) under the leadership of Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister which can be said that they are only slaves of the MUA. Human Resource Development Minister Pallam Raju and Tourism Minister K. Chiranjeevi who have a vision for their people have opposed the approval of the UPA Cabinet to divide the country. The state of Andhra Pradesh is located in the state of Telangana.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to hand over the Heritage Village at Mawphlang to the private sector.
The investigation into the case has been going on for a long time since 2012 but it has come to light that it was only after the police station took action to investigate the case and now they have submitted a report to the police. Shillong, July 04: The RBI has sent back new notes to the PAC by the end of June, said the Chairman of the PAC. Jaintia Hills District and the money sent is, 50 tyngka boxes, 50 lakh tyngka, 50 lakh tyngka boxes, 500 tyngka boxes and T.10 crore. 2000 per box is T.20 crore and the total new currency is T.31 crore.
The union urges the government to order all the places where there are swimming pools to appoint skilled personnel to assist the people where they go to swim and this is the rule. The Government should implement the permit for the establishment of playgrounds and this will provide employment opportunities for the youth.
At this meeting, they expressed their concern over what has happened in these days in the state especially in Shillong.
With the support of the village authorities, she has continued her activities while also working on COVID-19 related activities.
There are several YouTube channels in India which publish unverified news that has the potential to cause trouble in society.
Former Minister and former CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla has urged all to turn to the prevention of the spread of the disease in the State.
He said that there are residents who are willing to take money to build toilets just to get ration.
While other states will receive only 15 kilos of ration per household, this will be for the other 22 states in India.
At this time, there were 11 vehicles including police vehicles, said Miaini, Congress candidate.
On the other hand, the HYC also prepared a welcome party after the programme.
He said that the UDP is the only party in Delhi to allow a person who has responsibility for the country and the nation to lead the country. can fight against the National Party.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: A GNLA commander has lost his life in a shootout with police at Daji Badimagre-Boldakgre in South Garo Hills today. Hills District.
Shillong, July 08: IL&FS under the support of the Ministry of Tourism of the Government of Meghalaya has implemented a 100 percent Free Placement Linked Skill Development Training Program for young men and women as well as those who are not yet in need. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The office of the Deputy Controller of Civil Defence, East Khasi Hills District will conduct several trainings at various places in the Khasi Hills, as well as in the villages in the month of November.
Speaking at the G20 and National Handloom Day recently at Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi, he explained how in the past nine years, the Aatmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan and Vocal for Local have brought about The sale of Khadi and Village Industries exceeded T.1.34 lakh crore.
After these paradoh parasnam have received land here, they have not been able to leave their shops because they have found it difficult to produce water without opening their shops. During the time of Covid 19, but with a happy spirit they have gained hope through the opportunity to stay in this market which is the land of the Forest.
Along with its beauty and famous educational institutions, Shillong is also the gateway to the whole state of Meghalaya which is famous for its beautiful valleys, creeks, beautiful hills and customs and culture.
The meeting between the Prime Minister of India and the Holy Father Atal Bihari Vajpayee was held in July 2000 with Pope John Paul II. .
“Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait is not a member of the HSPDP, she is the niece of Ma ieit Hoping,” said Londener Sohtun. The meeting was also attended by the Organization Secretary of the party, Bah Grosper Mylliemngap.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman Wat, said that the number of cases daily is between 400 and 500, while the death toll from July to June in the state has risen to 8,0 The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to
We are proud of our scientific and technological experts and now our goals are higher and we are achieving these.
The report of the State Development Reform Commission (SDRC) which said that the water from PHE is unclean, as published in the media, has increasingly exposed the lack of health and safety. PHE takes sting on the health of the people.
The Cabinet today also approved the increase in the room fee in Meghalaya Houses across the country, the increase is now T.200/- per head for government employees who go on duty. Government, for those who go for treatment will be T.300/- tyngka for government employees.
The event was attended by the District Administration, officers from Government departments and Village Leaders of the area.
Speaking to media, he said this Act is important because through this Act it strengthens the ownership of the land of the indigenous people.
The Dorbar Pyllun also urged the various office bearers to remember to prepare their own reports.
I promise that the Minister of State for Child Development, General Dr. VK Singh (Red.) and I will soon come to Mizoram.
She also received the award from the Union Minister in charge of Agriculture, Radha Mohan Singh in the presence of 40 other women who have done great work in the field of agriculture. riangna around the country.
There is a need to use the KHADC authorities to allocate funds to the Hima Mylliem to install modern technology to hide the land owned by the raiot.
in/dsc.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The two-day special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has found that there are many shortcomings in the AD Rule which needs to be amended.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday distributed the appointment letters to 346 Lower Primary School teachers at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of State. Reading Books A.Sangma.
He said that the Dorbar of Chiefs of Staff is monitoring with the Government of India the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA) because until these agreements and promises have been published, The Constitution of India The children of the thousands of people of the country will always face problems with the Acts of Parliament.
: it means a kind of seed that doesn't eat people.
Regarding the allocation of land for the construction of these bridges, the government has no discrimination. If there is any problem in obtaining the permits known as the NOC, they should come forward and inform. to the government to solve the problem if any.
“I asked about the Jal Jeevan Mission why it has done so much, even though it has done the work,” he asked.
In her speech, Ms Amparen expressed her satisfaction that these leaders have accepted her request and she will arrange to meet with the leaders of the VPP and the Prime Minister. State of Conrad Sangma.
The land area of ​​Neepco for the Mawphu HE Project-Stage II is 110 Ha.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Workers Power of Meghalaya (WPM) has expressed its support and congratulations to the demand of the workers of the Ri-Bhoi Progressive Casual Workers Union.
She also informed that she has received complaints from the villagers that the BSF troops enter the villages to search vehicles and only the villagers have been subjected to sohpdung by the BSF troops. Shortly at Sonapyrdi village on June 20, 2024, BSF troops shot and injured three youths from Thangskai and Lum Tongseng villages and damaged their vehicles,” he said.
He said that the school is run by saints and that it exists for the good.
The first phase is expected to be completed within three months.
What happens when the government issues a government announcement is that the KHADC cannot accept this announcement. The KHADC will write to the state government in this regard to clarify. The boundary between the KHADC and the Government.
At present, the Armed Forces are doing their utmost to bring about a change in the way they work according to the present era and as India is ready to meet the challenges. any problems.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Congress leader in the state said that the release of the names is in the hands of the AICC as it is now. “It's not like you're going to be able to do anything,” said Bah Lapang.
General Secretary, Shri.Deolangki Dkhar; and Treasurer, Shri.
According to sources from the customs preventive department, these trees were packed in containers and loaded into a truck carrying soh for smuggling to Bangladesh.
Vigilance should also be maintained on social media against those who spread any opposing news, the statement added.
Various competitions have been prepared as part of the program for the next two days including Quiz, Drawing, Drawing and others among the students.
On this occasion, the BSF troops organized the celebration by playing a band and this attracted the people of the village to come and participate in the celebration.
Dr. Rngsan started his career as the Director and Chief Gastroenterologist of Supercare Hospital, Shillong.
CEM of Karbi Anlong District Council Tuliram Ronghang during his inspection of Mukroh area admitted that the Khasi-Jaintia residents of Mukroh area are invaders and loggers.
On this occasion, Bah Marwein said that to discriminate against those with disabilities is a bloody act.
The campaign will run from the 14th to the 16th of this month.
Furthermore, the department has issued another order on 15th June, 2020 to allow certain activities in areas not recognized as containment zones by the States, UTs and District Authorities.
Of course it is not easy to remove plastics from the market but we can try to reduce the use of plastic bags by using paper or cloth bags , to avoid plastic bags , bags, shamoit, straw, tiphin, bottles and others made of plastics.
On receiving this information, UHM rushed to the house under the leadership of Bah Pynskhemlang Makdoh and the injured were treated.
JSU Finance Secretary Samla H.Symblai said.
Thank you so much.
As a sign of protest against the CAB in Meghalaya and to demand the implementation of ILP in the state, the group will hold a rally at the Raj Bhawan in Shillong on 2019 at 2.00 pm.
The two-day festival will include a performance of customs and traditions, music from various groups from Meghalaya and one group from outside the state from Mizoram.
Regarding the ease of recruitment conducted by the MPSC from time to time, the Seng has found that applicants have to wait for 4-5 years for the recruitment to be completed.
The District authorities have set up Flying Squads to ensure that the use of money is not allowed during the elections. Please contact your number 1950 or C-Vigil.
The Integrated Hospitality and Convention Center will have a convention hub, accommodation, food stalls and other facilities.
The Government has taken many steps to strengthen and empower Panchayati Raj groups, improve the capacity of PRI leaders to fulfill their duties and responsibilities and improve efficiency, transparency and the responsibility of PRIs to contribute to economic growth, income growth and the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
New Delhi, Nailar 14: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lead the country in the celebration of the 74th Independence Day of the country at the Red Fort today.
Referring to the action of the Governor, Bah Shylla said that the Governor has acted without listening to the decision of the Cabinet to approve the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Amendment. ) ordinance.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) today held a meeting to elect new office bearers for the term 2021-24 at the residence of Sonia Kharpamtiah Discipline Secretary. .
The deceased was identified as Bah Peter Kharkongor, 70, resident of Wahthapbroo Shillong. He was taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong and found dead. The test was positive.
Badon became the first of the State's candidates to enter another field.
The meeting was also attended by the President of the Women's Congress, Joplin Shylla.
All participants are urged not to drink any alcoholic beverages as this will disrupt the competition.
“Ka seng also urges the police and law enforcement agencies in West Jaintia Hills District to investigate and arrest all those involved with Ioannis Pala through his company. They have not thanked the public and also to punish them according to the provisions of the law relating to these false allegations of the Pala Group.
Ten political parties have met today and unanimously decided to hold a Night Road Blockade from the 23rd to the 27th from 8 pm to 5 pm. On the 26th and 27th, there will be an office picketing.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Supply in the State, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to allocate funds. The state government has allocated funds for the construction of the Mawphlang-Mawkyrwat-Ranikor road.
In a statement, the MCTA said, “(We) strongly condemn the heartbreak, insensitivity and negligence of the NEHU authorities, especially the Vice Chancellor, to continue to implement the NEP 2020 without the approval of the Academic Council.
To discuss the problems of schools in relation to Mid Day Meal (MDM) for some of the necessary issues related to the Education Policy.
In the men's category, H Elias Memorial Hr.Sec School I won the title with four gold, one silver and one bronze medals. Mary's Hr.Sec School won the title with 6 Gold and 3 Bronze medals.
On the other hand, the Mawhati MLA said that in 2021 they have written to the government to open a block in Mawhati as the villages are 80 km away from Umsning Block. Block this area.
Regarding the influx of foreign vehicles, it has also affected the income of the state residents and the state government has to look into this issue for the benefit of the state government.
Speaking to reporters, Anborlin said she was selected for the pageant after coming second in the Mrs Glamorous Elite pageant held recently. Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: People walking and standing at the Passport Office in Lower Lachumiere have expressed their concern that a light pole has fallen almost halfway down.
The union urges the government to take precautionary measures and punish those involved.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya today issued an order to close all schools in the district tomorrow morning due to the of the “REMAL” aircraft.
The new office bearers of the party are Bah Ales Diengdoh as Chairman, Bah Prestone Khongniuh as General Secretary.
Shillong, June 17: The Joint Action Committee (JACBOM) led by Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga on Tuesday visited Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills. District.
If the Prime Minister can purchase M-TABs up to T.20 crore for the school children of the State, it will be difficult for him to implement the Inner Line Permit ILP which is the reason for his protests. Sengbhalang of the State which is still in existence today.
Shillong, March 12: The Raj Bhawan Shillong and Mawlynnong Village have received an award from the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) for their achievements in green building. maintain greenery according to the standards set by this body.
The Commissioner and Secretary to the Department of Culture and Heritage said that he will do his utmost to assist by sending engineers to inspect the land and sites for construction. There is only two months left to work and the government does not want to do anything during this period.
The residents of Dalu village are still telling stories about the incident in which Commandant BS Tyagi and his team bravely fought against the Pakistani troops to protect Killapara from the invasion. in Pakistan.
The NCC members who performed well in this training received medals for their achievements.
The State Government has also taken action and in November, 2018 the Government has decided to urge the Government of India to include the Khasi Language in the Khyrnit Baphra,” he said. It is a just claim as promised by the Constitution of India in Article 29 which states, 'Any group of people residing within India having their own language, culture and script separately they have the right to maintain and preserve.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the reason for taking this decision is that three of his children are suffering from tuberculosis. blood.
Surprisingly, when the price of petrol and diesel has fallen in the world but has been increased, this increase in petrol and diesel has affected the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that it is surprised to see through the media that the government has passed a resolution on the language “Khasi”. The Khasi language should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
PM-KISAN has empowered the Annadata (farmers) by promoting investment in agriculture, addressing the shortage of funds and increasing income in rural areas.
It is said that even the triumphant criminal earns his right to defend himself.
During the meeting, the Union Home Minister said that the Meghalaya government should take action to talk to the land owners to ensure that the fence on the border with Bangladesh should be implemented. for there are places which have not yet begun to be built.
The office bearers of Shangpung Koira Village, the residents of the Dorbar Shnong Shangpung Koira, the parents, the elderly, the youth, the children, the relatives of Hame, the neighbors and the children who played Kickboxing were filled with joy. Hame has won the World Cup which is also a tribute to the village, the family, the West Jaintia Hills District, the State of Meghalaya and the country of India. and also to our nation.
AJYWO Sengkmie, under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar President, on the 12th of this month, lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, against a Nepali. , who is not the Rangbah Shnong of a village known as Umthe which falls within the boundary of Sutnga District.
In a statement sent by the Syiem of Raid Marwet, he said that there is no sign of 'Casino' in Khanapara.
This recognition or acceptance by the Government of these terms of trained workers has been seen as a “welcoming door” and has been exactly like the “enforcement by law of what we all take for granted”. “the guards".
In today's world, parents won't send their children to be teachers because they see our struggle is so difficult," and added, "when we wear this the shoe we rested we understand well.
Shillong, Naitung 28: A total of 41 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya today and 194 people have recovered.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today presented a Mobility vehicle to Bah Justipassing Ryntathiang who has been able to start his own business despite the shortage of funds. member also.
Finally, the household should immediately find a way to remove the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong because this issue has been going on for many years and if it goes on like this it means that these people have become more angry as it happened. In the past few months, these Kharmetor robbers have shot and injured two Khasi taxi drivers in Khyndai Lad.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Forest Department said that in the name of protecting the trees, they will remove all these sign boards from the trees in Shillong.
The one day training was held on 23rd July 2013 for 22 students and today on 29th July 2013 for 22 students at St Michael's Sec School, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District. , organized by Caritas India, Futures Group International India Pvt.
This shows the state-level trends related to GST collections in each state in June 2022 compared to June 2021.
He said that the District Council has always been said to be in charge of the land but it does not have the authority and it is until now that it has succeeded.
The North East Students Organization (NESO) in collaboration with the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today came forward to express its opposition to the objectives of the Government of India.
Sangma said that various projects in the Shillong Smart City are nearing completion.
“We as the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong, express our deep sorrow over the decision of NGT to immediately ban coal mining in Meghalaya.
The same training will be conducted in all districts in November and all applications should be received through the District Sport Officers and submitted to the department this month.
The Executive Committee of the Union also expresses its deep concern over the spread of drug abuse and drug trafficking in Shillong especially many of the youth have fallen victim to this crime.
It is necessary to explain more aspects of the khadar administration of the Hima Mylliem in these Acts and Rules so that they can be more effective so that they can save the lives of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Violet Lyngdoh MDC of the BJP today joined the National People's Party (NPP) after losing her ticket to contest the MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month.
As a sign of sorrow and condolences on the passing away of this President, the States across the country will hold a nine day State Mourning, from 31.08.2020 to .2020.
The areas affected by the water shortage will be the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board, Nongthymmai and Mawlai.
Answering questions, he said that such incidents happen on the border, there are times when people from Assam come to smuggle and there are incidents where people from Meghalaya smuggle. He said it is true that in 2010 there was an agreement between Assam and Meghalaya not to carry out border development works.
The BSF troops, when they saw that the vehicle was moving bran bran, stopped the vehicle but did not stop at the stop, but when they reached the room, the driver stopped the vehicle and fled the scene. The BSF handed over these clothes and the vehicle to the Customs at Pynursla.
Due to the lack of jobs and to try to stand on their own feet and support their families, the people are trying to work at night by opening food shops to support their families whether it is in the countryside or in the countryside. Laitumkhrah or other places.
Meanwhile, in the markets, especially inside the market, the trade has slowed down today because many of the shopkeepers if the buyers don't get the money, they don't want to sell their goods to the buyers. five hundred and a thousand.
“We don't have anything to do with the people of Meghalaya.
The EC has also decided not to accept the Bill from the Government.
Therefore, this violence by the Assam police is unacceptable and we strongly condemn it.
On the other hand, the KSU Umsning Circle under the leadership of Samla Vincent Makri, General Secretary, Samla Augustar Nongbri, Finance Secretary, Samla Raymond Jana, Secretary Samla Raymond Jana, Secretary Samla Raymond Jana and members of the KSU Umsning Circle this evening held a meeting. The Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw, has handed over these donations to the Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw. the elders of this city.
The decision taken by MeECL is an act of authority without thinking to revoke the work permits issued by MeECL. This is illegal and unacceptable. Minister of Power withdrawing the order to restore the works.
Recently, the HYC inspected the slum and found that there are more than 80 houses illegally built by foreigners who came from outside the state and stole electricity.
The union also demanded that compensation should be paid for the damage caused to the fish farms in Mawpyrthuh village.
Uttar Pradesh Governor Anandiben Patel, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, Union Minister in charge of Agriculture Shivraj Singh Chouhan and other State Ministers attended the function.
The Prime Minister highlighted her knowledge of government schemes and her proficiency in Hindi. “Phewse you are better than me,” he said.
As the organization, we will continue to work hard to train the youth to be able to move forward.
Ritngenlang Nongspung has nine children, the father of the family is no longer alive and she is also the Treasurer of the Church of God.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that the opening of the new Parliament will be a victory in India's journey towards democracy. citizens of India in unity.
The office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) Shillong Central Division, the office of the Assistant Executive Engineer PWD Road, Sub Division, the office of the Assistant Executive Engineer PWD Road, Sub Division, the office of the Assistant Executive Engineer PWD Road, Sub Division. Executive Engineer PWD (Building) Electrical Division, office of Assistant Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Shillong Building Sub Division and residences of PWD employees. Prestone said it is true that the Urban Development Department has called a drawing competition for the site and there are four drawers and the government has selected them. one that is tynnah.
The agreement was signed between members of Martin Luther Christian University and members of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission.
According to the Union's findings, there are also foreigners who have received their Trading License and TCC only once and have not renewed it for three or four years. The failure of the council and its staff may have something to do with it.
It will also focus on the skills training of the people who plant shynrai for further benefit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Cabinet today approved the decision to provide light to all the villages in Meghalaya to achieve this goal. He said that Meghalaya still has 345 villages which have not yet received light. The Central Government has implemented the Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana.
Myntri Rangbah Duh pointed out the corruption in the payment of jobs as found in one state and said that the youth should be aware of this.
Traditionally, India's startup businesses have been linked to cities such as Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Delhi.
The demand of the AMPF to implement the AFSPA in Garo Hills will affect the people of Garo Hills and the entire state, especially the residents of the border areas with Garo Hills.
On this occasion, a group of women's organizations and working groups from all parts of Garo Hills have organized this day to commemorate the International Women's Day.
“According to the videos circulated, the policeman threw a stun grenade (tear gas) inside the shop at the Parking Lot opposite the SBI Main Branch today,” he said. This was announced by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
There will be constituencies which have been considered as clear but they will show by their actions that they are still stupid and backward in their thinking.
He said that the practice of Garo marriage is only among the Garo.
The Regional Committees will meet with the people living in the villages, including the people's leaders of the District Councils and other members of the public to get information from the people living in those villages. Regional Committees may re-appoint members if necessary from the village to the nearest place where there are government offices.
They have been on a journey since 26th March and have now returned to their village.
Regarding the protest against the checkpost, Bah Lawai said that as the village leaders, they will lodge a complaint with the Director General of Police, Kong Idashisha Nongrang.
And that, if this road is cut off, it will cause the greatest problem to the people of the state and also of the North Eastern Region of India”.
Other Rangbah Shnongs who were present were Bah S Thabah, P Dkhar and others.
Ramachandran was appointed DGP of Meghalaya in November
The two-day trial was conducted in Krishna districts of Andhra Pradesh, Rajkot and Gandhinagar in Gujarat, Ludhiana and Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar (Nawanshahr) in Punjab and Sonitpur and Nalbari districts in Assam.
He said that the payment of T.1000/- tyngka to the cooks in government schools has been since the launch of the Meatday Meal scheme in the state in 2009 and it continues at the same rate until now. They have requested the government to increase their salary, said Peaceful Marwei, one of the employees.
The demand for statehood in Assam has also come from Bodoland, Karbi Anglong, North Cachar and Koch Rajbonshi.
Shillong, July 27: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, July 27: Eight cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, one case in East Khasi Hills and six cases in West Garo Hills. 37 people.
The weight of the books for Class I and II should not exceed 1.5 kilos.
The digital era played a pivotal role in making this talent attract the eye of none other than the Meghalaya Gymnastics Association.
The celebration of the 47th Anniversary of the State tomorrow will be a success if the government comes up with measures to address the unemployment in the state.
The food security support program has served 1.2 crore pregnant women and those with small children.
This state is a special state, it is also known as a nation that knows man and knows God, but this knowledge of man knows God is only on Sundays, but on other days there is party differences. This happens because in politics, they have been deceived by money to deceive the people and by the pressure of other forces from outside.
The main programs were prepared by various media units such as Press Information Bureau, PrasarBharati, New Media Wing, and others.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today opened the Annual General Meeting of the Officers' Association (STA) of India at the Soso Tham Auditorium. The Regional Office in Kolkata was brought to Guwahati during the reign of Purno A Sangma.
The tournament, which started today, will end on the 25th of this month.
Because they don't listen to the righteous voice, the true voice of man, God can't allow them to be insulted or deceived by man power.
Before being elected as the AEF's president, Dr Rangad was also a member of NEFAS where they worked together to strengthen indigenous agriculture without the use of pesticides.
He said that the 13 Sengbhalang strongly condemn the arrest and accusation of members of the Sengbhalang in which some incidents have been accused and turned into sohpdung and such accusations and arrests. pathar cannot be accepted.
Nongstoin, March 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that through the Focus scheme, the annual assistance to farmers will reach up to T.500 crore per annum.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 103 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. West Garo Hills 7, West Khasi Hills 3 and South West Garo Hills
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Central Executive Council of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UMM) has strongly condemned the assault on the life of Bah Charlie J Rani by the bloodthirsty men who tried to take his life.
“We invite all the paradoh parasnam to attend the meeting to demand from the MUA II government to implement the ILP,” said Streamly S Niangti General Secretary of KSU JHDU. “It's not for the personal benefit of anyone but for the benefit of all the people of Hynniewtrep. Therefore, as fellow citizens, we should not mourn the loss of one day, but we should come together on that day so that the government will surprise people,” he said. ong more.
Speaking to reporters at the protest site, he said that the demand of the union leaders is that the government should call for talks on the demand of the 7090 Adhock teachers in the state. there are 1860 schools.
The Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of the case to 9/June/2024, while in the case of Assam, the Supreme Court will hear the case. of.
After the counting of votes, the NPP party, which won 11 MDCs, has hoped to form the EC as talks have been held with the GNC 1, 3 independent MDCs, to win. There are 15 members in the 29-member House of Representatives.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that all those land outside the Municipal including those land under the Shillong Master Plan will now go to the District Councils.
Shillong, Nailur 09: U Bah Nolan Lyngdoh, 58, of Mawkynroh, Nongspung, Shillong, was shot dead by an unidentified person at around 5 pm on Tuesday morning.
Bah W Kharkrang from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board in his speech said that the work of NGT is not only in the coal mines but also in the households of the people to ensure the maintenance of the coal mines. cleanliness.
The Seng wishes you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum. The blessing of the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum to have a strong and prosperous body through the development and peace of mind of the State as a whole.
According to the latest news, it is understood that the Congress party will announce this month after its meeting tomorrow.
This journey is about 60 km to reach Mawjymbuin Crematorium.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: An elderly man identified as Bah Atar Jyrwa Nongsiej, 70, Shillong, has passed away. He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
After this discussion , the teachers listened to what the Magistrates explained and stopped their intention to go to the Secretariat , but decided to seek permission from the government authorities to hold the march in the future Secretariat.
Books on customs and traditions, traditional religion, articles on traditional food will also be displayed at this museum.
Shillong, Naiweing 29: Tura MP Conrad K Sangma has written to Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to resolve the issue of not imposing tax on synsar. .
“In order to intimidate the public, they send information that the victim has been arrested in many cases.
G Langte, daughter of Smutia Langte and Sringingstar Paliar, from Domsohkhai-Nongnah village, South West Khasi Hills District, won the Mrs. Northeast India Brand Ambassador Print Model.
Shillong, November 17: The Shillong City Youth Wing has urged the people of Meghalaya not to be deceived by the FOCUS and FOCUS+ scheme of the NPP and the scheme 1000 for the mothers of the TMC. .The Youth Wing of the UDP believes that the people of the State are clear and understand better the facts and also to judge where these schemes have gone in the past 4 years but they have come out. months before the election.
Shillong, November 22: The United Awakening Movement (UWA) today conducted a cleanliness drive on the Sumer River in Ri Bhoi District as part of the struggle to maintain the cleanliness of the environment.
Shillong, Lber 10: Police on Tuesday received a complaint from a mother that Bah Phanto Syiemiong, 65, has raped her 11-year-old daughter in Laitiam village. of East Khasi Hills District.
The Lukha River is a clean river as in the old days and is safe to drink, but when you turn to the Lunar River, you can't even walk because of the pollution from the dewbilat factories.
The MLA said that this person is so poor that he cannot pay their demand and he said that he should be allowed to be with those who have lost their lives. household.
The Dorbar Shnongs have been urged not to allow foreigners to ask whether they are Indian citizens.
On the other hand, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Leader of the PP in KHADC from the UDP party, said that they will send a letter to the party saying that the party has to reconsider the decision of the CEC. Shillong, June 22: A man has been accused of involvement in the EC of Khawlang in KHADC to the PDF group led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM. The suspect was arrested by the Shillong Police on Tuesday under Madanryting Police Station. The suspect was identified as Bhaskar Rasaily.
SHILLONG, July 12: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the Legislative Assembly elections to be held this year (2013) in Meghalaya. The Code of Conduct issued by the Election Commission has also come into force immediately since its announcement.
The KDA has requested the Chief Minister to implement the 4% employment rate for persons with disabilities as announced by the Central Government under the Rights of Persons Act. Disabilities Act, 2016.
“We have conveyed to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that we do not support the smugglers but we convey that the legitimate traders in the district should not be affected,” said Nongrem.
During his visit to Bangladesh, the Home Minister also visited the refugees in Rakhine who came from Myanmar.
India won six brown medals and one silver medal from Meghalaya.
These few are the unclear parts of these Acts and Rules.
On this day, all the speakers focused on one part to follow the example of this great man of the country.
Regarding the wrongdoing of VHAM, they don't know what the law will do.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, will present the budget for the year 2023-2 discussion on 27/3/2
In a statement, the suspect has been registered under section No 57(8) 2013 U/S 232/506/307 IPC. The accused was taken to the police station today.
Shillong, June 27: The foundation day of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center was held in two parts on 27th June 27 June.
The union is preparing to seek information from the MBOSE on this action from the Minutes of various meetings on this issue, the names of the experts or reviewers of the manuscripts of the books, the qualifications. and their experience and other information in connection with this matter in order to find out the facts.
viii) the delay in amending the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959 which has been misleading and has seriously affected the customs and traditions of the Khasi in front of the world.
The Prime Minister said that the urgent need to do this is to pay the salary of the people who have the 100 days salary card and the amount that has to be paid to these people is It has cost more than T.200 crore.
By promoting women's participation in environmental initiatives and decision-making, we can work better in climate change prevention and natural resource conservation.
Bahmang Felix, Minister of Defense and Border Management, spoke on the efforts of the state to improve the training of the security forces.
The KSU also demanded that the leaders of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Rinikton L. Tongkhar (MLA Mawkyrwat who is also Minister), Bah Carnes Sohshang (MDC Mawkyrwat) and Bah Pius Marwein ( MLA & MDC Ranikor) should say something and should force the government to take action on this issue.
On the other hand, the HYC alleged that while the members of the HYC were ringing videos, there was a clash with the police, as they confiscated their mobile phones and deleted the photos.
He said that mobile phones, PCs or laptops that are used for personal use should not be sold.
“The CAA should be abolished because we have a border with Bangladesh which is more than 4,000 kilometers long and is the longest border in the world.
On the resignation of the MDCs, the CEM said that those constituencies have already been directed to write to the Council to request for the schemes, but only a few Rangbah Shnongs have come. Nongkrem MDC Constituency has reached T.1.12 crore and the application for schemes should not exceed T.1.5 crore.
All patients at NEIGRIHMS are advised to take advantage of this opportunity to get at a reasonable price from the AMRIT Pharmacy located within the hospital.
In the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency, the people have lined up quickly to wait for their turn to cast their votes for the election of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha in the 18th Assembly. now.
Hindi singers are Sukhvinder Singh, Kavita Krishna Murthy, Sonu Nigam, Hari Haran, AlkaYagnik, Javed Ali, KS Chithra, Kaushiki Chakravarthy, Ustad Rashid Khan. Singh, K.S.Chithra, Manual, Vijay Prakash, Vijay Yesudas, Papan, LightLine, Mehmeet Syed, PankajJal.
The meeting was concluded with a prayer by Lancaster Marbaniang (Junior Engineer), Secretary of CMCL Christian Staff, who reminded the children in this orphanage of the proverb that fear to God is the beginning of wisdom and let this proverb live in them.
Dr. BDR Tiwari said that all 40 battalions of security forces have arrived in the state including 26 battalions of CRPF, 6 battalions of BSF, 4 battalions of SSB and 4 battalions of RPF. Tura Police have received a complaint from a mother that she has stolen Rs 2 lakh from her bank account at the State Bank of India by signing the signature of her husband. an.
The SP appealed to the public that if they receive any extortion, they should immediately report to the police station and the informants will be kept anonymous and rewarded.
Police have asked the court to remand him in police custody for up to five days but the court has granted him only two days.
“If you are ready to give back to Bah Vincent at this time and if this candidate wins again and comes back to power, I am ready to help you. I request all the people of this area to come out in order on the 9th and cast their votes and print their shap in the shape of a hand.
New Delhi, November 14: The Vikasit Bharat SankalpYatra has reached a special milestone with more than 2 crore participants in less than 10 months.
Unfortunately, the government doesn't do anything when they demand and starts harassing people only when they take the measures of protest.
Besides this, in the letter, it has also put forward many other demands that the dewbilat companies should fulfill, namely that the employees should be Khasi-Pnar and Garo in any jobs that are not available. .
Preparations for the festival are in progress and as of now, the group has a financial obligation to make the festival a success.
Therefore, the drawing did not fit very well and was rejected and the drawing prepared by Bah Main Sing Shanpru was chosen.
He urged the government authorities to support such training centres.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Cultural Cell congratulates the Parakur-Parakha young men and women who took part in the competition. I am happy with the traditional Khasi dress.
At this meeting, the CEM of KHADC congratulated the people of Majai who have protected the border and deserve to be commended.
“We have made it clear that if NEIGRHIMS brings in foreign outsourcing agencies and foreign people to work inside the outsourcing agencies we will not accept but the Director has confirmed that NEIGRHIMS will accept outsourcing. Agency and state employees.
The Director General of Assam Rifles, Lt Gen PC Nair, officers and soldiers of Assam Rifles along with their families from across the country participated in the ceremony through video conferencing.
Therefore, the urgent request to the State Government and the Government of India is to expedite these trade activities with Bangladesh so that the residents of the border areas who earn their living from this mining industry can survive and benefit from the trade. You can do this immediately without delay.
In addition, you will be charged a fee when you pay.
In another incident, the BSF seized several cows and alcoholic beverages worth T.3.53 lakh. .
“They made it look like a slum.
The Seng will not accept this Langknia for the people of the state just because of the dirty political games of the other two parties and through this statement the Seng makes it clear that the Seng will not listen to this issue and the State Government will have to. Take responsibility if there is any problem in the school premises due to the power outage.
He said the Women Reservation Policy was initiated by the Congress and not by other parties.
There are only three TV channels in North Korea, and all programs are broadcast according to government directives.
The petition submitted to the Prime Minister has written and explained in detail the problems faced by the Mawsynram area and the reasons for the demand for a Civil Sub Division in Mawsynram. Constitution.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the name of the owner of the vehicle and once they have found the name of the owner of the vehicle they have been able to know the names of the three people who died in this accident. tragic event.
Dr DRL Nonglait president of KAS said that all the people are urged to attend this rally to convey to the central government that the Khasi language should be included in the fifth schedule of the Khasi language. the Constitution of India.
The President of the PFR Football Academy, Bah Franky Kharumnuid, said that the Academy is delighted to receive the news that Mebanpynshngaiñ Khyriem and Mangpaka Nongkynrih, the students of the Academy, have been selected. The final selection trial of the Reliance Foundation Young Champ will be held in Mumbai.
The theme of the competition is “Kindness Matters” which means “Kindness that has a purpose”.
Shillong, Nailur 08: A delegation of the Mawlai Block Congress Committee (MBCC) led by Bah Process T Sawkmie, Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronni V Lyngdoh to discuss the issue. The problems faced by the people of Mawlai.
Until now, the school has remained intact and there has been no allocation of funds by the Government to rebuild the school,” he said.
In her short speech, the Minister in charge of SAD, Deborah Marak, congratulated these government employees for taking responsibility for their duties to arrive at work on time. to others to follow the example of these employees who have been honored today.
Six cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, three cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in East Khasi Hills and 6 cases in Eastern West. Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 5, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 37 cases.
Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, said that the JHADC has not yet received any letter from the government regarding the government's intention to hand over the JMB to the JMB. The JHADC said that once the letter arrives, they will discuss it within the Executive Committee.
“I raised this issue at the meeting where the Commission has seen that there has been violence in some Police Stations especially when there has been violence against girls, in these areas of these police stations. “We have witnessed that there are not many female police officers at the Police Station so it is necessary to replace them,” he said.
The APVC alleged that the killing of the poor is their job only to collect money from the hardworking people.
After the opinion of the district authorities, the district authorities have allowed the members of the party to carry only placards and have banned them from shouting slogans or even standing on the streets.
The EC of Bah Shylla also took another decision regarding the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, especially the areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC, such as Block I, Block II and Through this decision, it is to urge the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam to return Block I, Block II to the Khasi Hills.
There are 86 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 46 from West Khasi Hills and 32 from West Khasi Hills. There are 80673 people.
Through this statement, the union informs that as it has done in the past years, it is ready to assist the students who are paradoh para snam if they have any problems in relation to admission.
The union said that the fish imported into the state come from all over the companies from Andhra Pradesh and these fish have been certified by the Andhra Pradesh Government to prove that they are not formalin injected.
Raymond Kharjana, Gary N Mawlieh and Samuel Shabong have filed their nominations for the post of Organizing Secretary. and the Revival of Samiet.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Magistrate in charge of Iewduh area said that after inspection, it was found that the site at Motphran was crowded and the decision was taken to remove it. Jaiaw taxi stand, the installation of these test centers will last for three or four days.
This happened on Thursday at 4:15 pm when a truck (AS 01 RC 1762) collided with a truck (AS 01 RC 1762). The driver of the truck (AS 01 RC 1762) Joynal Abdin Laskar from Assam was temporarily stuck inside the truck.
The total number of MDCs in the GHADC is
The family members must come to work for the child within two months, otherwise they will give her away for fear of violence.
Kharkhrang said the HNLC has taken an urgent decision to withdraw from the talks.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Rani said that the party wants all the animals that come from outside the state to be used for food. They should be examined by a doctor to make sure that they are healthy.
The purpose of the meeting was to provide advice to the Forest Department on the Indian Forest Act 1927 which the Government of India intends to amend and implement throughout India, and many of the provisions in a brief explanation. India shall have the power to protect forests and shall include provisions to arrest and punish those who violate the Forest Acts. The Village Authority and the Village Offices shall cooperate with the Forest Act in the implementation of all these rules.
He urged all the milk producing cooperatives to ensure that 100% of the money should be transferred through banks like WAMUL as this has helped up to 30000 cow farmers to produce milk from 700 cows. The group worked in 9 districts of Assam.
The Union Minister for Home Affairs and Cooperation, Shri Amit Shah chairs a Chintan Shivir of IPS officers posted in Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs) and National Security Guard (NSG), in New Delhi on June 12, 2023.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongsleh Unit on Tuesday 21st July 2021 to repair the Proiñ-Nongsleh road together with the people. residents.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Cabinet meeting held today today decided to increase the Meghalaya Contingency Fund from T.305 crore. The amount received in 2017 was T.505 crore.
He linked the cleaning of garbage as a personal act and to promote physical and mental health.
The KSU said that if the border issue is not resolved now, the time will come when there will be bloodshed, as it has become clear that the people of Mawlongbna village have threatened to take the lives of the people of Dwara Hima. Nongtyrnem if you fight against it.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that there are 44,370 people with disabilities in Meghalaya while there are 200,000 people with disabilities in India.
“According to the complaints we have received from the public, the CHC staff often refuse to treat the patients and ask them to go to other health centers even if it is only a minor illness.
This has angered the KSU, and on 30th November 2017 which is the anniversary of the death of Woh Kiang Nangbah and the following year on 4th June 2018 the KSU has held a protest. in front of the park to demand that the government should immediately change the name of the park to Phan Nonglait Park as promised in
The villagers went out to see the woman who was crying and when they found her, they asked her what? The woman alleged that she was raped by the male friends who were hanging out with her.
After the arrest, police came to the scene and searched the vehicle and found the identity cards of the occupants of the Bolero.
The construction of the houses on the Kalong Bridge by the KHADC is to generate revenue for the KHADC and this place is a beautiful place to visit and the works have now been completed by about 80%.
In the middle of the year 2021 we are still involved in many struggles and we all contribute to fight in our respective positions from the State Government, the three District Councils, 60 MLAs, 90 MDCs, 3 MPs, NGOs, teachers, Village Authorities, Raid Authorities to Hima Authorities.
He also spoke on the complaints of the residents regarding the exploitation by the vendors, vehicle drivers and others due to the lack of cash to pay the residents if they go shopping or ride a vehicle. The Branch Manager explained that the bank has enough money and the reason is that they don't come to the bank to collect it but the bank is ready to give it to anyone who wants it if they need it.
Stanlington Khongwir retired from science in 2003 and did not contest the MLA seat. During these 25 years of MLAship, he has held various positions in the government. Symbut Chief Minister of the State and various government departments.
The target for this year is to produce T.7,36,221/- crore.
He also urged them to take the lead in research and to publish research papers.
The union also said that it is necessary to have its own Sub-Division office of MeECL in Ranikor to facilitate and improve the distribution of electricity in the entire area, said Marwein.
Padu village is fortunate to have three living root bridges inside the village and also has four rymphai valleys which can attract tourists from all over the world.
The meeting was conducted by Dr Pher Nongtdu. Speakers included Milian Ryngkhlan, Iasyllok Lyngdoh, Youth President and others.
There are 2968 vacancies in the Police Department, including 76 (UB Sub Inspector), 720 (Unarmed Branch Constable), 195 (Fireman), 53 (Driver Fireman), 26 (Mechanic), 205 (MPRO operator) 56 (Signal/BN operator), 1494 (Armed Branch Constable/ Battalion Constable/MPRO GD/Constable Handyman) bad 143 (Driver Constable).
The arrest started at 8.30 pm from Demthring and during the search operation, more and more ksai were arrested and four boxes of soap were seized. and heroin weighed 638.5 grams.
“We will wait for the reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs, if it is too late to give the reply after the District Council has answered the questions, they will call again. A meeting of all MDCs to discuss this.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Meghalaya government has taken steps to release two persons arrested by the Assam Police. From Umsawli, the Director General of Police, Assam, has spoken to the Director-General of Police, Assam.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, these seven companies which will be sent by the central government within the next few days or two will be used in East Garo Hills District and some other districts. parts of West and South West Khasi Hills District.
He is the eldest son of Rosa Pathaw and Dr Pascal Malyngiang.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the application has been sent by the management of the university to the Regulatory Board set up by the state government and the board has approved the application. The Cabinet has approved the bill to be submitted to the House for enactment.
According to the proposal, the curfew for seven hours a day for five days will be from 31/3/2024 to 8/4/2
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday held a meeting with all the States/Union Territories to monitor the state of peace and order, prevention of illegal activities, confiscation and monitoring of inter-state and national border areas in these Lok Sabha elections and state legislative assembly elections in 2024 to ensure a smooth and orderly election of leaders.
They enter the state illegally without proper documentation.
The Customs Department has conducted information programs at KRIPA Foundation, Shillong on 25th and 26th July,
Shillong, November 14: Answering a question by Bah Witting Mawsor and Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Aadhaar, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that that the government has not yet implemented Aadhaar and it is not yet effective.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: To ensure the delivery of health services to the people of the North East, the first meeting was held in Shillong today to discuss the issue under the auspices of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. health federal government.
In Shillong and parts of East Khasi Hills, there will be another.
The HNLC said that this action of the government forces the youth to carry weapons, said Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC.
It has been witnessed that when others take part in leading and improving the welfare of the people, there are others from outside who will criticize, find excuses, insult, slander and slander to mislead. to many churches and take advantage of it.
For example, it is necessary to explain how the children of the thousands can get a Dorbar Shnong, a Dorbar Raid, or a Dorbar Hima if the Executive Dorbars do not convene the Dorbar Hima.
: Police have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the rape of Kitdorlang Marbaniang in Umtangar village, Ri-Bhoi District.
The incident of a policeman in iong uniform, which can be seen and spread through the video, was aimed at injuring the two women from Mawlai Mawtawar, Umjalimut. The police have said that this is not only a robbery but also an attempt to take the lives of these women who have nothing to do with the riots in Khyndailad area today. .
The body of the deceased was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for post mortem.
A new Bolero 4×4 (Double Cabin) with registration number AS 16 AC O250 and two motor bikes were also destroyed. is the Registration Number.
All those who came forward to donate their blood were 36 soldiers.
Among the parties that have been able to field candidates in all 29 constituencies is the Congress party, while other parties have not been able to field candidates from all the constituencies.
The SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub Division has conducted an inspection of all the houses affected by the natural disaster and has sent a report to the government to provide assistance to the victims.
During the inspection, it was found that the PHC has prepared 4 oxygen cylinders, 5 beds and there are still many shortcomings. You have been infected with Covid-1
The Union Home Minister said that Tripura and Mizoram have now been freed from insurgency and in other states it has also decreased. AFSA in the states of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
The distribution of ballot papers to the candidates will be on 03-12-2016, and the polling on the 13th November will be from 7 pm to 4 pm and the counting of votes will be on the 16th November. the month of November.
He said that according to the Environment Protection Act 1986, the fine is 100,000 tyngka if those who use plastic are found, but the District Council is not happy to hear that such a fine has been imposed. if you hear that the people are working together.
It works for the welfare of persons with disabilities (Divyangjan) through consultation, assessment, training, treatment and other information activities to bring about development. They have been working since the establishment of this center in Meghalaya.
According to the leaders of the Khasi Kmie, 723 men and 720 women took part in the festival.
This is the word that we MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) do not agree with because the introduction of the word 'Village Council' will destroy the functioning of the Dorbar Shnongs. There are Village Councils, we will have to contest elections and our customs and traditions will change there,” he said.
One case has been confirmed from West Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 92191 so far.
The lack of adequate schools has forced the youth of this area to go abroad to study.
Shillong, March 04: The Cabinet meeting today decided to introduce the Meghalaya Lokayukta Bill 2014 to amend the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act
The ongoing ATUFS with an allocation of T 5151 crore has been implemented with a view to creating opportunities and supporting MSMEs. Samarth is an employment program aimed at the development of MSMEs. training of youth in textile related activities so that they can earn a living and also for the development of the skills of textile weavers and manufacturers in traditional crafts.
He said that when the union investigated the residents of this slum where they got the electricity, they confessed that they got the electricity from a house which got the electricity for their own use. 90-100 homes.
The Meghalaya Rural Bank explained that it has put up signs to keep a distance from each other but the people have lymbrum without listening to the order.
On this annual day, the Hima has closed the market all day long because this market is not only a market like other markets but a sacred market. They celebrate the ritual of thanksgiving in a religious manner which has been held since ancient times and is still going on today.
This day was celebrated to commemorate the birth anniversary of the country's hockey player, Dhyan Chand.
"“Now, therefore, by giving you the opportunity to know, you are requested to answer on or before 12th June, 2024 why you cannot be punished under the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct. At the same time, the Returning Officer has sought clarification from the VPP on the violation of the Model Code of Conduct following the receipt of a complaint on the use of Social Media to create false news. against the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) through a YouTube video posted on June 3,
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has handed over its house in Khyndail to Bah Lessly Shylla in the form of a Build Operate Transfer (BOT) for the Crowbrough Hotel.
From them, BSF seized a mobile phone and a Bangla SIM card.
Monolith Festival: Scheduled for March 7th-9th, 2024, at Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills District.22nd Annual General Meeting of the KJP Synod Sepngi: Scheduled for March 10th, 2024, at Laitryngew, Sohra.
According to a statement published in the newspapers in recent days, the TMC party has made it clear that this scheme will be implemented when the TMC party forms a government.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should immediately cancel the letter issued by the officer of the Social Welfare Department which misrepresents the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act. , 1997.
Justice Lyngdoh, Ma.
Ha ka 5.12.2019 – Mylliem Bah bad Bishnupur, ha ka 6.12.2019 ha  Rynjah bad Pynthorumkhrah, ha ka 7.12.2019 ha Umlyngka bad  Jaiaw, ha ka 9.12.2019 ha  Nongthymmai bad  Mawiong Umjapung, ha ka 10.12.2019 ha  Mawprem bad Nongmensong and Mawlai Pump, on 12.12.2019 – Mawkhar at Mawlai Bus Stand.
Bah Nongsiej said that on his part as Chairman he has been ready to complete the task of swearing in the MDCs. The new MDCs who have been elected by the people are Bah HS Ricky Shullai of 8-Nongkrem, Samlin Malngiang of 22-Nongspung Sohiong, Equador L Nongrang of 23-Mairang Nongkhlaw, Blandingstar Warjri of 24-Pariong Mawthadraishan. and Mr. Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang of 28th Rambrai.
When the police left, they told us to go to Shillong.
“We don't feel anything to ban them because those who exist now are illegal and have not received the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Dorbar Shnong,” he added.
He said it will bring a sense of peace around the world in these times of suffering.
