Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngian said that if the Governor and the government violate the rules and regulations, they have no choice but to go to court. to get the right.
In the two years after the demonetisation, the growth was 14.6% (part of the year before demonetisation in 2016-17) and 18% in 2017-1 .
The Cabinet today also approved the public holidays for 2023 and it will be the same as last year, 23 days public holidays under the NI Act, no change from the year of dep.
In a complaint lodged with the police, it was said that the PHC should have been supervised by a doctor and should have been at the PHC in the presence of the staff, but unfortunately the PHC should have been supervised by a doctor. Many of the patients who went to the hospital to get medicine had to leave without being able to meet the doctor and many times they had to go to Shillong for treatment because the doctor was not available at the hospital. The FIR said that the doctor's absence from work has put the people in great trouble and is a threat to the sick. At the same time, the PHC does not have light, does not have enough medicines, if this is the case, the doctor should take responsibility because it does not take responsibility. to the work.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Delhi, he said that the reason for the failure to issue the NOC for this road is because there is a confusion in which the people are opposed to other roads. The Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) will meet to discuss.
Meanwhile, HANM, Mylliem Zone, has strongly condemned the police for arresting the members of the party and detaining the party leaders on charges of involvement in the office robbery.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshing, Chairman, Dorbar Ki Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep, suggested and proposed to the Government to hold a meeting between the officers of the project and the village leaders so that the people can get clarification on this matter.
Other table tennis players who were injured in the accident were R Santosh Kumar, 22, Arorla Shek, 38, who were in the tourist taxi, D Kishore Kumar and S Abhinash Prasannaji. They were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
“There is no need to move to convey to everyone and I want to confirm this to those criminals, to the government and to all those people in power, that let us express our voice. all this is now in the end.
Speaking in the House, George said that even the Khasi and Garo who have been attacked in Bangladesh have a feeling of being fellow citizens because they were separated by the partition of India. The state government should look into the problems of the Khasi and Garo people in Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the awarding ceremony of the students of ICFAI University held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong. In the presence of Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma.
Shillong, July 23: The employees of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today staged a protest by leaving their offices and standing in front of the office to wait for the Chief Executive Member, Bah Tistosstarwell Chyne.
He urged the government to consider re-appointing him to the post.
The Chief Minister said that his government is focusing on the youth to develop them in many areas so that they can stand on their own feet according to their talents.
As part of the programme, a Panel Discussion on the topic “Strengthening the Functioning and Oversight of Local Government Institutions in Meghalaya” was held on 22nd November 2023 in which Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times and Prof S Umdor, Head, Economics Department, Shillong was the chief guest.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy, expressed his regret that the Assam Government has changed the draft and the recommendation of the Sub-Committee, Drafting Committee, Constituent Assembly, In this regard, Bah JJM Nichols Roy expressed his anger that the Assam leaders have decided that the Sixth Schedule should be under the jurisdiction of the Assam Government and not as Rev JJM Nichols Roy wanted. Rev JJM Nichols Roy, in his writings, said that because he was persecuted and became alone as a national, he did not have a special relationship with the Government of India. and to accept what has been changed by the Government of Assam.
At the same time, the government has already constructed 27,000 irrigation systems under the MGNREGA scheme, 600 multipurpose irrigation systems at a cost of T .750 crore across the state from the Asian Development Bank.
Apart from them, we will close all and will not allow them to walk on the roads during the curfew.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Ladmeri Village in Shillong-Nongstoin township, has attracted tourists because along with other items, there is a different product called Mula.
Taining Dkhar Secretary DC(A) said that the counting of votes will start at 5 pm at four polling stations, in Shillong at JN Stadium for the three constituencies. Nongkrem, Laban-Mawprem and Sohiong-Nongpsung Constituencies.
The Prime Minister said that he does not want to point fingers but he has to protect the members of the government, the offices and the government. you are not in this state.
They urged the KHADC and the Meghalaya Government not to take this issue seriously and to respect the decision of the people at the Public Hearing held by the MSPCB in Nongbah. Accessed 13 June
Police have arrested the mother after receiving a tip.
After the resignation of Thomas Sangma from the NCP, Wansuk Syiem from the Congress has been elected to complete the remaining term.
Shillong, July 19: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, today said that the state government should write to the central government to seek clarification on why the vaccination of Tika has been extended from the first to the second phase.
Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit urged the office bearers of the department to be faithful and faithful to their work despite many challenges.
The cold weather lasted for about 20 minutes and the road was covered with cold.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman MSPB & Chairman SPIKAP, appealed to the nurses to come out in order when there is a meeting of the nurses as unity is a source of joy for them. they shall teach their children the wisdom which they have received from their fathers.
At the same time, she said that Dr Mukul Sangma has taken the wrong path by leaving the Congress and joining the Trinamool Congress Party.
Dispur, Jymmang 27: The Chief Minister of Assam, while addressing reporters at Rajiv Bhavan in Dispur today, said that he strongly condemns the Maoist militants who took the lives of 27 employees of the Assam government. The Congress party in Chhattisgarh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal, said that the water level has started to decrease and if the rainfall in Assam decreases, the floods will decrease. it is the source of the Brahmapurta River.
The incident occurred on the road to Khonjai where most of the vehicles were carrying coal to Bangladesh through the Bagli border crossing in South West Khasi Hills.
At the same time, the police are looking into two areas whether it is a protest or whether someone has taken advantage of the protest.
Regarding this issue, the President of the Hills Framers Union has spoken to the Executive Engineer of PWD Davison Mawsynram but so far there has been no sign of the construction of the subway.
The opening ceremony of the tournament will welcome visitors without any charge and will also demonstrate the belief in unity, diversity and respect for all.
Silseng M Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 29, 2023, a Bolero pick-up (ML-08C-4955) collided with another vehicle.
At this meeting it was found that one of the reasons why the people do not pay this tax is because the work of the KHADC is not up to date due to the lack of computers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Cabinet meeting held today has taken several decisions regarding the promulgation of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Malaria Regulation , as you know according to the announcement from the central government which has announced from 2016 to 2030 to fight to eradicate this disease.
It is not easy to resign from the MLA seat, but Martin has taken a big step to create the Ranikor Civil Sub Division by resigning from the MLA seat. The Sub Division has been in existence since 2007. Many petitions have been submitted to the previous governments but no sign of acceptance has been received even though they have joined the same Congress party.
Sikkim has not been able to take part because it does not have a membership, while Tripura has not been able to take part in the shooting. There are rules and regulations for participation in these competitions.
Regarding the government's desire to set another special year for the farmers this year because it has been too long since the government has been able to do so, can this be done in the coming year this government will have to sit down again.
The people of Khasi Jaintia should not take this plan stingy.
This final statement has enriched the music scene in the country and shows that only the BJP Government can take Meghalaya forward.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Embhalang B. Syiemlieh, MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency, who was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Gervasis Kharmujai, UDP MDC candidate from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Joe Marbaniang. , Bah Hunter Mylliemumlong, President of the Kur Mylliemumlong and the office bearers of the Kur including the people who came to witness this day.
All these show a constitutional anomaly in the Constitution of India because the laws passed in Delhi have not gone through the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement, which holds the Dorbar Ki. The Federation of Khasi States has been demanding for 68 years and has been expressing through the Dorbar Ri from time to time, against many Acts, Rules of India and to demand the implementation of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948, under the Constitution of India under the special provision of Article 370 A. so that India may know clearly the terms of the merger between Khasi Jaintia and India because we have not signed the Instrument of Merger as signed by more than 500 Hima Syiems who have dissolved and abolished themselves.
The President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the police should not increase their work in summoning the civil society groups but should protect the people in front of the border. , on this day other members of the party on the summons of the party leader.
We will not send anyone to collect, deposit or transfer the donation only to the Account No. given above which belongs to our Treasurer Bah Rasting Lyngdoh Thabah.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting tomorrow morning to decide on the MDC candidates for the mid-term MDC elections to be held in November this year.
Bah Suly was inducted into the party by party president Dr WR Kharlukhi in the presence of party MLA James K Sangma and other party workers. (SP News).
KSU Jaiaw Circle on this occasion also honored two Rangbah, Bah Arki Banshngaiñ Nongrum and Bah Sanlang Kharkongor for their contribution to the society in many fields.
Also present were Tuesday Lytep, General Secretary, Damian S War, Organizing Secretary and Marhok Marboh, Vice President. Districts have been present on this occasion.
Regarding primary contacts, doctors have been able to visit up to 150 households till the 26th of this month.
He also urged the new members to be prepared as it is impossible to know whether there will be many struggles in the coming days for the sake of the Jaitbynriew.
“The problem facing the government now is the Coal Mines Nationalization Act, 1973,” he said. “It is on this basis that the Mining and Geology Department has submitted this proposal and the government will now go to the Coal Mines Nationalization Act, The Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act 1957 has been announced by the Central Government through the President that it will not operate in Meghalaya.
Chief General Manager, BSNL, NE-1 Circle, Shillong, KS Madanpur spoke on the growth and spread of Hindi literature around the world and the use of Hindi in Circle Headquarters and others. offices within this.
The number of cases by district is 1, East Khasi Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 7, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Garo Hills 22, West Jaintia Hills 7, West Khasi Hills There are 262 cases.
Shillong, March 02: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today conducted a cleanliness drive from Motphran to Garikhana to mark the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
After I answered their question, in order to put myself at ease, I videotaped our conversation with my mobile phone.
(MECOFED) after the government reduced the number of employees by giving them the Golden Hand shake, has started to be able to support itself to provide the salaries of its employees from their daily activities.
: Amidst the earthquake and floods in Sikkim, 26 students from Meghalaya have arrived safely in their home state.
During his visit to Mawkyrwat , the Prime Minister had the opportunity to talk to him about the need to improve the Mawphlang to Anikor road which has been removed from the National Highway List by the Central Government and In his encouragement, the Prime Minister promised that in the next few months, funds will be allocated for the construction of this road.
“If this (Umtring village) is private land, how can he dare to build a scheme and how can the government allocate schemes to private land?
The Executive Committee of the SWS on Tuesday decided to condemn the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District. Hills who has issued Permanent Residential Certificate to a foreigner who is not a native of Thangskai, until the certificate has affected even the Doctoral fees of the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
I tried to do the best I could at my job as a mechanic it was something I couldn’t figure out.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the face of the man has not been identified and they are still looking for information.
There are 465 recoveries in the state today, 7 from East Garo Hills, 10 from East Jaintia Hills, 260 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 130 from Ri Bhoi District, 3 from South Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 26,927 with 4 cases, 19 cases, 19 cases.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities, which includes the Meghalaya Deaf Association, Khasi Disabled Association, The Meghalaya Liberation of the Visually Impaired and the Garo Hills Association of the Deaf have requested to meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma from 12th July
“Referring to the law, the Minister said that the duties and functions of the VDPs include to cooperate with the Police to maintain peace and order, if necessary, to patrol the villages for to prevent theft, robbery and other illegal activities to protect human life and property and to prevent any crime from occurring.
The MoC receives support from other countries of the world to support this group of sisters who work for the sick around the world to receive the necessary assistance. permission from the federal government to receive assistance from other countries of the World.
He also urged that the Jaitbynriew should strengthen the demand for ILP and called for the cooperation of all the people and village leaders.
The HPC will follow up closely on this issue not only to speed up the work but also to ensure that the work is good.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, it was said that the age of appointment has been extended from 27 years to 32 years and for tribals has been extended to 37 years as has been done in other government departments of Meghalaya. This invitation is for the benefit of the youth.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, he said that this is the most beautiful fish farm in Meghalaya and he thanked the villagers for their cooperation. the place is an attraction for tourists.
Shillong, Lber 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today marched from Kareli to Gajera along with 80 others to take part in the Dandi March in Gujarat. The 15 km road was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India on the 12th of this month.
NESO has filed an appeal before the Supreme Court on November 19, 2019 against the Citizenship Amendment Act
“The party has received information that the Zilla Welfare Department, which is an office under the jurisdiction of the GAD, has registered the names of retired soldiers from Manipur.
This year, 10,169 cows have been seized.
, New Delhi.
A prayer was also offered at the reception.
Ribhoi Police on Tuesday rescued three men from Ri-Bhoi who were abducted by robbers in Assam while they were trying to buy a JCB. Kirit Dohtdong has lodged a complaint with the Ribhoi Police Station on Tuesday that her husband and two friends have been abducted by robbers.
Therefore, the Rangbah requested the CEO to take action on this issue which should be done as soon as possible.
However, Meban’s ambitions extend far beyond local triumphs.
Three persons arrested in Umtyra were identified as Sahin Hussain Laskar of Nagdirgram, Rofiqul Alom Laskar of Harsinghpur village, Mamta Sinha of Simgiri, Chibitabicha, Cachar Assam. Maya Gwala, Puchki, resident of Pynthorbah, Shillong, was arrested from Khliehriat while she was waiting to receive the drugs.
While the development of these guidelines nationally is necessary, the development of provincial guidelines is also extremely important for the country so that these mechanisms and codes of practice can be sufficient to control the use of tobacco.
In the tennis category, Wanpynskhem Mawroh won the title and Amit Ram came second.
This makes our lifestyle unique and has led the way in our business planning in the electrical trades, which is universally accepted as systematic and well-thought-out.
However, for those who are in dire straits and cannot do anything else, they should call the Helpline Numbers of the District Administration and we will try to discuss with the District Administration on this matter.
The vehicle was taken to Chokpot police station.
Rev Bishop Victor Lyngdoh was elected Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong on November 28, Bishop Willbert Marwein and now Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar.
The ceremony was led by Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh and was followed by other BJP office bearers. (SP News).
The civil society organizations at a meeting in Motphran said that if the government cannot open the gate tomorrow morning, they will go and open it themselves but implement the gate at that place.
Perhaps the establishment of the Seng Khasi Free Morning School at Mawkhar on the 20th June, 1921 will be one of the parts and activities that the Seng has taken that will remain in the minds of many.
Shillong, July 18: The Syiemiong Kur on Monday came to express their protest against the insult and assault of the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Bah Patrick Syiemiong in the District Council.
Furthermore, u Bah Metbah said that he prays that all the citizens of the State will be in good health and strong to fight against this COVID-19 pandemic.
The Mawlai MLA congratulated the Chief Minister for taking action and dismissing the contractor. On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie said that he wants to see that this is the case. to dep not quickly.
He said we should build a team in India that is at the forefront of providing aid across the country.
In tweets, Myntri Rangbah Duh said, “As the end of #Tokyo2020 draws near, I congratulate the national team for performing well in this tournament.
Speaking to media, Bah Gigur Myrthong, Executive Member in charge of the Trade Department, said that they came to Iewduh to conduct the inspection, but as the complainants did not arrive, they inspected it. not just in a few market segments.
Have the recommendations of the Commission, UK&JHADC appointed specially to look into the issues of the Hima Mylliem in 1957 been accepted?
“Khasi are Khasi and love the nation as much as you love the nation but it will not help if there is no responsibility.
Shillong, November 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that two people have died of COVID-1
At present, the Khasi language is still considered as one of the languages ​​that can be used in government offices as the Associate Official Language.
On the other hand, MPCC President and former Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang has requested the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to provide special security measures for the students of Meghalaya. and also to the youth of the North East and also to those who have gone to work in the central parts of the country to get adequate protection.
However, last night I learned that the government will pay according to the 4pay Commission. For this reason, they held an urgent meeting and decided not to accept 4Pay because they want to get the 4pay Commission. 5Pay Commission for what you cannot do.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 18 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. 3, West Jaintia Hills 3 people.
Therefore, the union urges the district authorities in Jaintia Hills to expedite the compensation to the people so that the company can expedite the work in inhabited areas and crowded public areas like Phramer. , Lad-Rymbai, Khliehriat, Umkiang, by continuing the footpath on this road for the benefit of the passengers, otherwise this road will continue to cause tragic incidents in the future. villages and crowded areas adjacent to the road.
If the damaged road cannot be repaired completely, this overturning of vehicles has also claimed the lives of people which overturned on 19/09/2013 when the driver of the overturned truck was allowed to drive. He died immediately after his door was open and he fell when the vehicle he was driving overturned and hit him inside, said residents of the area.
Because if both of them win, they can win and speak for the good of Christians, because they are involved with the government.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 528, 94763 people have tested positive, 92635 people have recovered so far and 1600 people have died.
Shillong, July 09: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) will hold a screening of films related to uranium known as the Uranium Festival. movie.
Speaking to media after visiting the training centre, she said that this training center is one of the most beautiful training centers in India. Meghalaya is one of the largest states in India.
Regarding the promise of the Minister, it is the promise of what they want to see, from the conversation it is clear that the Minister of Power James K Sangma does not know anything.
During these two days, all the places of worship have been struggling to follow the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to visit the pandals from one place to another to see.
It happened that Bah Raphael Warjri, a disciple of Bah Maiñ Sing Shanpru, was able to witness the portrait of Tirot Sing Syiem, which appeared as an old man. and he died, being about forty years old.
The meeting demanded that the government should do something to resolve the border issue with the Assam government.
The event was also attended by the famous singers of the present time, Kong Bateithymmai Nongrum and Kong Dariakor Wahlang.
This will be only for those who have changed their numbers to another person. This notice was issued by the office of the Deputy Commissioner on 9/06/2023 and this was also announced today to the media. .
The origins of Unitarianism were the 16th century Protestant Reformation, when people in Europe tried to interpret the Bible according to their own understanding, the central theme of Unitarianism. it is in the unity of God and they oppose the Trinity in one God which some Christians believe.
When it came to this situation, the Chairman announced in the House that he had to take a decision to cast his vote to take a decision.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner also distributed certificates to those who took part in the rally.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The sample taken from a nurse at Rangthong PHC in South West Khasi District has not been received yet.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Who will win and who will lose the MDC election will be announced tomorrow. .
The union continues to demand that the government should end the work of JVK in the state and the health department should take over the work.
He said that if the people want to elect him as MP, the first issue he puts is to reform the education system in the state, he will fight to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the The Constitution of the country so that the youth can write various examinations in the Khasi language among others.
According to shithu number  No.56/Symbol/Let/EC/FUNC/PP/PPS-II/2017Vol.
A total of 15749 candidates have applied for the examination out of 6653 males and 9096 females. Out of these, 6651 males and 9008 females have applied for the examination.
Shillong, July 05: For the first time, the Iewduh was cleaned up in collaboration with the authorities of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Hima Mylliem today on this Environment Day.
He said that more than 10 lakh players have been honored in this journey and this will encourage the young players.
According to sources, after confirming the arrival of the Prime Minister in Shillong on Saturday, the Deputy Commissioner has convened a meeting this morning at the office. His work to arrange for the arrival of the Prime Minister of the country.
The appointment of a Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Ministry of Home Affairs to consider the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule and the intention to come to Shillong.
Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Hima Khyrim, congratulated all the Rangbah Kur and 32 Kur Youth who came forward to take part in this first Kur Football Tournament organized by Nongkynrih FCA and he wished all the participants well.
Laphing Shylla scored the first goal for Mookhep in the 16th minute.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee, Shantaram Naik, said that the meeting has brought many benefits to the people. This was held today in Shillong.
Opening the meeting, Om Birla said the role of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association in bringing about a new era in public administration is commendable.
GSU President Tongsak G Momin recalled that the demand for Greater Garo Land was launched from 1899 to 1916 by Sonoram R Sangma before the Second World War.
He explained that the dewbilat factories need a lot of equipment, not only Mawshun, but also coal and other commodities to be used in the factories. concrete.
He used to work in the fields but under the teachings of Jainism.
Donbok Myria has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 22nd of June, robbers stole vehicle parts from his dumper truck at Ialong, West Jaintia Hills.
All these places are still under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of the Nongspung Hima.
He said that last month, as the Rangbah Shnong, he had sent a Public Grievances Complaint to the Chief Minister but no reply has been received for more than a month.
Samuel Jyrwa said that NESO leaders are still in Delhi to seek the support of political parties with MPs in the Rajya Sabha to oppose the CAB bill. 2016 will be the year of the North East.
This is to encourage the residents and also to direct the relevant authorities to refrain from any actions that could affect the peace and order,” said the Chief Minister.
He said that the resignation of the three Congress EMs will have to be sent to the Governor of Meghalaya on the first day. a decision has already been made.
He said many people have opposed the government's withdrawal of Article 370 from the state, but the people of Jammu and Kashmir accept the government's action because they want development works. .
He thanked the landowners who donated their land for the construction of the bridge.
"He also suggested on ways to fight against this disease and to strengthen research as well as to introduce new techniques.
After that, the dorbar was held again on June 5, this year and they discussed the same issue and decided to leave the village,” said Kong Meloris' son.
On this occasion, the union has been able to express many of the problems faced by the residents of the village for decades due to the deterioration of the road, especially in relation to the sick, as well as The residents of Sumer area, especially those who are seriously ill, have been affected by the poor condition of the road.
They have lodged a complaint with the Nongmynsong Police Station and have searched the village since yesterday until today but have not found him. Phone number is 9856070974/ 7005879291/7
Mary Mount HSS, when he won as MDC in 2014, also honored him for his love for the school.
Shillong, July 09: U Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today handed over the Dongmusa to the prominent runner of the state, Bah Beningstar Lyngkhoi to take the Dongmusa to Tura where the tournament will be held. The 5Meghalaya Games 2024 will be held in Tura for seven days starting on the 15th and ending on the 20th July
The snap of the saint was brought today at the Archbishop's residence Laitumkhrah in a ceremony welcomed by Archbishop Dominic Jala and priests and religious from various associations of the Diocese of Shillong. which is short.
The SRCI has been registered since 13 January 2000; and has been recognized by the State Government in various ways.
To date, there are 140 schemes brought under DBT which have been paid to 1.82 crore to 35.7 crore beneficiaries.
The ANVC(B) has accused the state police and especially the SP of Tura Mukesh Kumar Singh and said that this police chief can do many things. illegal activities to defame the organization.
That the three Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Autonomous District Councils should seek clarification from the legal authorities on the interpretation of Section 7 of the Indian Independence Act & AA) adopted and signed by the Government of India on 17 Aug 1947 and on the illegal existence of Municipalities in Meghalaya (especially within the boundaries of the Khasi States).
On the other hand, COMSO urges the MLAs to lead the protest and is ready to follow them even to Delhi.
Congress candidate Bah Awhai Andrew Shullai won the election, bringing the Congress party to 14 MDCs in the 29-member Assembly. .
Shillong, Nailar 12:Three boxes of injection needles have been found by children from Ksehkohlong village on the road to Nongstoin this afternoon. .
This shop is located in Khyndai Lad and has many types of mobile phones.
The Budget reflects the slogan of “Sab Ka Sath, Sab Ka Vikas and Sab Ka Viswas” as announced by the Prime Minister, she added.
Renimon Shylla Member of East Jaintia Hills Swimming Association said that the presence of dewbilat factories in the area has damaged the environment and if more land is given it will damage the environment. It is for this reason that they oppose the proposal to take over the land of Star Cement.
At this public meeting, he said that since the establishment of KAS in 1978, the party has met with many Chief Ministers and MPs of the state but nothing has been achieved. eat either.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The elections to the three District Councils in Meghalaya will be held next year along with the MP elections to the Lok Sabha. The National People's Party (NPP) today dismissed its office bearers.
In this regard, Prestone said that the MDA government and all the parties in the government since the inception of the government have decided not to allow illegal activities or illegal activities. you are not wrong in anything.
With more than 20 Masterclasses and In Conversations with renowned filmmakers, cinematographers and actors, this will be a strong month.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong promised in front of the SDO and the leaders of the Seng to appoint an Executive Committee to take a decision to immediately remove these foreigners. Epic in Muktapur village and admitted that these claims or to provide any documents to prove the ownership of the village is wrong.
The President said that when the country celebrates the struggle for independence, people remember the courage and patriotism of the leaders. and those other persons who took part in this protest but who are not named.
This stipend support is intended to be provided directly to the apprentices through DBT to reduce financial losses.
New Delhi, Lber 24: The Central Government has directed all State Governments to release funds for the construction of more health facilities such as hospitals, clinical labs, isolation wards and to improve the existing health facilities to fight against COVID1
At this time, it was seen that the siren was from a military vehicle and he followed it from behind. When it stopped, it was found that the vehicle was going to pick up people near Laitumkhrah market. the public.
When it comes to employment, the government should have a policy to guide the youth to get employment in various jobs and to ensure that the Education Policy will be adequate for the education policy. For the benefit of the youth in the state as a whole, the factories have provided jobs or they are the only employers of the state.
This project has been criticized in many ways especially by those involved in politics, but it is a project that the state can be proud of that even in the midst of criticism. worked as it is now.
During the visit to Delhi, the party also met with BJP Rajya Sabha MP Rakhesh Sinha for North East to discuss these issues. The Central Government should support the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam in this demarcation.
The poor condition of this road has not only affected the passengers, but has also put at great risk the vehicles and especially the precious souls, who pass through this road. “, said the President of EJHTO&TA, Bah Kyrshan Dkhar.
The religious leader called upon all to have unity among the various religions of the world.
Recognized educational institutions such as universities may initiate new programs or training courses in any field at their training centers and other approved training centres, through with the approval of the Executive Council, and if necessary, with the approval of the Council, it shall not be considered.
The letter explains how it has happened since the establishment of the university after the passage of the CMJ University Act by the State Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
He also stated that this will first take place in every district headquarters slowly percolating to every village.
The District Water and Sanitation Mission in collaboration with the Water Supply Department of the State Government today held a Samagra Swachhta at Mattilang Park, Laitmynsaw Village under Mynlliem C&RD Block. The Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, was also present on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr BP Toi, the author of the book, said that this is a violation of the decisions of the courts which are only for Meghalaya.
Even in the midst of these incidents, the police have been ordered not to use their bags because it is a women's protest, but because of this incident, the police in the coming days will have to change. know the way of working.
From these arrested persons, police have recovered letters demanding money and pictures from your mobile phones.
Today we are still in peace and prosperity.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today announced that the district in Mairang will be reopened once the number of cases of COVID-19 has decreased. this is the disease.
Speaking on the Government's commitment to improve the lives of women in the region, Prime Minister Duh said that the price of gas has been reduced by T 100 per cylinder on the International Women's Day today.
It is the pride of Meghalaya as it is the third state in the country and the first in the North East to have a Comprehensive Policy on Mental Health and Social Care,” said the Governor.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Ricky Shylla Secretary and Tuesday Lytep President FKJGP-JH, they said that CHC Nongtalang has only one Doctor. Jarain PHC has not had a doctor since it was established.
The event was attended by the Chiefs of Mylliem and Khyrim Hima, leaders of IORA Ecological Solution Private Limited and District Council officers from Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
The BSF in Rajapara saw the movement of Bangladeshis near the border with Bangladesh. When they saw this, they stopped the movement but due to the forest, they managed to escape. When I opened it, I found that I had Indian rupees worth T.7 lakh.
Neiketoulie Belho of Nagaland, 100 m and Long Jump champion, won the best over 20 award.
Shillong, July 05: One of the Jiva branches, Khyndailat, on the occasion of the Environment Day, has erected the sign “I Love Shillong” by Jiva Care.
Under these provisions, 5(C)/(I)/6 POCSO Act, he has married this child more than twice, especially by a public leader.
Police have arrested them and registered a case against them.
This action of the Governor of the State is that he has violated the Constitution of the country and therefore he has no right to remain as the Governor of the State.
The AGP, which was loved by the people in the past few years, has rejected it.
To date, 8.62 crore (45%) households in rural areas have access to drinking water through pipelines.
The KSU Sumer Unit, Samla Daraplang Salahe, President of the KSU Sumer Unit, said that the KSU Sumer Unit has said that these words, which the Government Ministers often say in public places, are just words to correct the people of the state. This is according to a statement sent by Samla Baitlang Passleiñ, General Secretary of KSU Sumer Unit.
The club also paid tribute to parent donors who were willing to send their own children for tutoring.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 585, with 244 cases in East Khasi Hills and 126 cases in Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 51981 so far.
Dr Mukul said he did not know those TMC leaders as their names appeared in the media. The allegation that he met with the TMC leaders was wrong and unfounded.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today said the government should send an inquiry into the illegal coal trade on the orders of the Lokayukta and the government should not delay.
There are 509 recoveries today, 4 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 380 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 13 from South West Garo Hills and 3 from South West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 20,9
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Bah Pynsngianlang Syiem, NPP candidate for the MDC election from Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency, on Tuesday said that the District Council is the foundation of the people. as a nation, we face the challenge of providing Rangbah Shnong posts.
The title of the song is the same in all these songs sung in different languages.
Shillong, July 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today convened a meeting of all the MLAs from Garo Hills to discuss the state of peace and order in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, in his speech, congratulated Bah L Blah, MDC for his hard work in passing the Village Administration Bill and urged the people to give their support. to Bah L Blah to complete before drafting many of the hima laws and village laws which will be the protection of the customs and traditions of the jaidbynriew.
For more information, please call the following mobile numbers: 9615400135/7005208334 from 10:00AM to 10:00PM. establish.
Dr Mukul said that in fact the government should have been allowed to talk so that the government can take a decision on how to act in its own wisdom. The government will not listen.
Other ruling MLAs who took part in the meeting today regarding the government's decision to implement the ILP in the state are Bah SK Sunn, Adrlbert Nongrum, Renikton. Tongkhar, Sanbor Shullai, Pius Marwein, Lambor Malangniang, Saleng A Sangma, Kupar Synrem, Jason S Mawlong.
Former Minister of State Oliver Neat Shyrmang and former President of the Congress Shillong City Prof Don Kupar War have also joined the NPP. Hilarious to the Party.
Police recovered an AK-47 rifle with three magazines, 148 unused rounds of ammunition, a US.45 colt pistol of 17 rounds, two rounds of ammunition. Grenades, two wireless sets and four ID cards of the GNLA were recovered from the body.
“The State is considered as the protector of society and it is its duty to help the child to escape from poverty,” he stressed.
The Government should plan well in this regard so that in the areas where there are thew areas, there should be enough houses for the accommodation of government employees who are in thew areas.
Helen Giri has taken part in various programs and festivals, but has also organized festivals not only for music and traditional dance in Meghalaya, which has been well received by the community.
The hotel has helped them to get an ambulance to take them to hospital and the Sardar police have come to help get 108 vehicles to take them to Guwahati. the city.
The BSF seized these cows and their value has reached T.2.5 lakh.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today visited Muktapur to destroy and burn the fields planted by Bangladeshis and cultivated up to Mawthum in West Jaintia Hills District.
The Administrator of GHADC Dr Vijay Kumar urged the workers to come to work and it will not affect the work of the GHADC. the salary will be endeavored to be made as soon as possible.
During the meeting, the Singaporean officials expressed their readiness to cooperate with India through the Assam government in setting up the training center in Guwahati.
Shillong, July 26: The Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday sent a letter to the Uttrakhand Government requesting them to search for the missing persons from Shillong. this state.
Shillong, July 18: The KSU Mawlai Circle today held a meeting at the office of the KSU Central Committee regarding the expulsion of Donbok Khar Lyngdoh and the expulsion of Donbok Khar Lyngdoh. It is for his violation of the rules and regulations of the party.
If the union continues to find out, we will have to take stricter action against these people who are not indigenous people by employing them in jobs that cannot be done by the villagers.
This angered the police and they fired tear gas and water.
During their inspection, U Marak said that they have directed all schools to have adequate entry and exit points.
He urged the farmers across the villages to elect the office bearers of the HFU to discuss the problems faced by the farmers in the villages, area, block, district and the state as a whole.
Police have already arrested the perpetrator of the robbery until he lost his life. On the other hand, Bah Vivek Syiem Additional Superintendent of Police said that the suspect has lost his life. This has happened in the past few months.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) has urged the state government to think of the poor, the day labourers, the farmers and those who earn their living by various jobs, as the curfew has been imposed. The household, children and livelihood have been severely affected at this time when the state is fighting against the corona virus.
The installation of these street lights is in view of the daily needs of the people living on the border.
The purpose of this training is to teach them how to implement government schemes that come from time to time in the villages as jobs change from time to time and knowledge is needed. for them, because they are the ones who are right with the people.
It is necessary for the government to upgrade the CRD Block to a Civil Sub Division.
New Delhi, Lber 06: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed another case of COVID-1 He has been in Thailand and Malaysia and is currently undergoing treatment in hospital.
All districts with more than 10% positive cases in the past months need to have measures to prevent the movement of people, crowds and crowds to prevent the spread of this disease. you are sick.
Maring said that Marbaniang had been approved by the Headmistress of the school for the post of Asst Teacher but the village was still opposed.
During the inspection, the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that he is pleased to see that the work has progressed smoothly and the first phase has almost been completed. If there is any problem, he is ready to help to ensure that there will be no interruption in the implementation of this work.
Shillong, July 19: The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government today set up a committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh as Chairman and Minister of Social Affairs. Welfare of the State Government to enact rules and regulations to apply throughout the State of Meghalaya.
West Shillong United Democratic Party PAUL LYNGDOH (WINNER),
The demand of the union not to allow more dewbilat factories to come to the area is that they have received information that there will be more factories to come to the area.
To temporarily ban the entry of tourists and visitors for 30 days and to enact a law to check those who enter and leave and to reconsider after 30 days.
Through this initiative, up to 3000 farmers have benefited from this and which has also improved their livelihood in terms of income.
The Seng does not oppose the time to change the textbooks in various grades in schools in the state and the contract of anyone for this purpose but it opposes and regrets the hasty action of the MBOSE. to this part.
During the raid, BSF seized 409.28 CFT of sharable timber from the truck to be smuggled to Bangladesh from the area.
At the same time, the police urge the public to maintain peace and order and if anyone disrupts the peace and order, they will take action according to the law.
The media in Shillong under the Information of Broadcasting, in collaboration with the Raj Bhavan, held a special broadcast of this popular radio programme.
The HYC demands that the DC should investigate or stop immediately before the HYC takes the law into its own hands.
Paragraph 3(1)(a) empowers the District Councils to make laws regarding the allocation of land to other land except forests reserved by the Government.
The film tells the story of her grief after the death of her mother and her relationship with her.
PM attends the Diamond Jubilee celebration of Supreme Court at the Supreme Court auditorium, in New Delhi on January 28, 2024.
He said that at present, the past events are kept in museums and only those who visit can get them and those who come to read them are only researchers and those who know end up in writings.
“According to the authority granted to me under Section 144 CrPC, shops, grocery stores, restaurants and enterprises are prohibited from opening in Shillong only until 10 pm.
The supporters said that this crime has increased rapidly in this country and it has become too many these incidents are because people don't have the spirit of knowledge so they are willing to commit such crimes. They don't care anymore, even if it's anyone, and this childbirth has started to spread steadily in this country of Hynniewtrep.
Satin Credit Care Micro Finance has distributed placards to the students of Aganwadi Center B.ICDS and Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School Umsning.
The residents of the area have been eager to get a Civil Sub Division as this area is about 80 km from the headquarters of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
“To curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities, the entire RDA including our MP candidate, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, will continue to force the Government of India to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya and ban the polling and registration of foreigners who do not have the right to vote, the signboarding of border areas and the introduction of the Police Border Wing,” he said. election promise.
When completed, it will provide 100 GBPS between Kochi and each city. Implementation of 4G mobile services in all villages across the country that have not yet received this at a cost of T.26,316 crore.
At the same time, they said that the NHAI should be vigilant against using rude words against the drivers.
Police said that the suspect committed the crime on the 5th of this month at Phudumbah Sepngi, West Khasi Hills.
I don't know where these people came from.
“The youth are the future of the country and the nation and also of the state as a whole.
It is currently operational in 28 states and it is suggested to expand it to 31 states which have the opportunity to join hands with this scheme.
: it means a short word; it is a place around the border where a group of people live; it is a snap longbriew from one of the wombs of the mother.
Have you ever thought that even this police chief doesn't trust the system and how can the HNLC who are against the police and against the government trust the government when it calls for peace? The Charlie Hebdo attack in France in 2015 is an example of how 'shortage' is greater than 'poverty' Two Al-Qaeda members were arrested in the area.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the establishment of the Mawlai C&RD Block.
While the number of Corona cases is decreasing, questions have been raised about the lack of choice for the states and people have asked why the Central Government is taking all the decisions.
Perhaps the most interesting in the shruhktien () is the word Suppisa Suptyngka for the household that raises money because the words suplumpisa suplumtyngka have become too old for the shruhktien.
Former KSU leader Bah Justie P Lyngdoh should not have been present at that time but they met at JHADC and during the meeting the CEM did not even enter the CEM's room. .This is a statement sent by the KSU today.
Shillong, November 11: The Working Group-1 of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSTB) has met this month to review the plans, implementation methods and implementation of the Schemes of the Community & Schemes. The meeting was held at the Committee Hall-2, Main Secretariat, Shillong under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing Co-Chairman. At the meeting, the Co-Chairman, State Planning Board explained in detail the schemes and activities of the Directorate Community and Rural Development (C&RD) and presented to the Co-Chairman, State Planning Board. Rural Development, Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Mission Society (MSRLS), State Rural Employment Society, State Institute for Rural Development (SIRD), Extension Training Center, DRDA, SDPO, ADC, and offices of BDOs, including operational details NREGS, IAY, NSAP, SRWP, CMSRDF, CRRP, CD Scheme, BRGF, various schemes of the C&RD department. , and there are 4.75 lakh Job Cards, while those who have been employed under MNREGA are about 3 lakh or less as of November 2013, who have been employed under this scheme in There are 6094 Village Employment Councils (VECs) and 1812 Area Employment Councils (AECs) in Meghalaya.
Answering questions, he said that they cannot say where they will start after calling the tender and awarding the work. those who use lyer shet or lyer to use in vehicles.
In his speech, he also spoke on the topic of the webinar where he explained that Identity refers to a social group whose members have a common identity, rights and status. only.
Shillong, July 02: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has expressed its satisfaction to see that the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi has kept his promise to implement the PM Kisan Scheme. where the farmers will receive T.6000 per annum.
Shillong, November 29: BSF troops have arrested Bangladeshis while they were cutting down trees from the forests in West Garo Hills District.
This training is free of charge. Only those who have passed matriculation and above can apply for admission to this training centre.
If you are found guilty of violating this law, you will be fined T.200 tyngka.
India has a population of 1.25 million and is the largest country in democracy and to be president of India is a special position, he said. There are many great leaders who have been presidents of the country who have raised this position and the world knows the democracy in India.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSA) and the Garo Hills Teachers' Association (KJDSA) have submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen. Rymbui on the challenges they faced.
The unidentified thieves seized 36 dewbilat cleaning equipment, two tachometers, three platinum crucibles and two well clocks, according to the complaint. It is suspected that the incident took place on the night of the 24th and 25th of November.
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi has appointed a special commission for this purpose known as the State Reorganization Commission and Purno Sangma MP Tura's 2006 speech in Parliament on the State Reorganization Commission “If America has 50 states, why doesn't India have 50 states or more as the largest Democratic Country?” he asked. There are 30 indigenous peoples in India who have not claimed a separate state such as Harya Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhan (Uttar Pradesh) in North East India and Gurkhaland. He also demanded that the Government of India should expedite the 2nd Sate Reorganization Commission to look into and take action on the demands of the State. new.
“Such incidents should not happen again,” said the president of the HYC, Bah Robert June Kharjarin. on social media without knowing the exact incident.
They were arrested along with Damechanki Kyndait of Mookyrdup who was arrested on the same charge.
All Chief Executive Members from Village, Raid to Hima are urged to write down the names of the delegates and to submit the list of delegates to the Reception Counter.
According to a survey conducted by the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), PM-KISAN has brought many benefits to farmers and agricultural activities.
The inspection came after the demand of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to demolish all the illegally built houses in the Lum Survey.
Similarly, Bah Sunny Malngiang from East Khasi Hills District spoke about the GI tag, which is well marketed in cities like Bangalore where the Khasi Mandarin was recently launched.
He also spoke about the role of the NAVIC platform and supports in times of crises.
The KSU is proud to have a visionary who has this special talent. When we investigated, we found that the manufacturer of this Amlanak did not only do it for himself but also for himself. also consult with the experts of the world regarding this Almanac and this is part of the development of the nation.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already issued the necessary directives to the neighboring states,” said Dr Tiwari.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: A Bolero (MLO4-A-7331) has suddenly caught fire on the Garikhana Road this morning. such as when short circuited.
The total number of contacts of the first case of COVID-19 has risen to 181 and this is the only one who tested positive today.
At the same time, he said that there is a need to take care of oneself to get health and there will be no expense for health.
Through the implementation of the road, it has caused many problems to the people such as government employees, parents who come to school and also to many schools and government offices.
Shillong, Lber 13: Police today received a tip that a Chief Conservator of Forest Officer of the State Government has committed suicide by hanging himself. Your residence is near Lady Keane College Shillong.
Shillong, July 14: The Dalloi of Darang Elaka, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it is still possible to earn a little than to earn a lot of money without the right road. to count sting the lives of the poor people in the Elaka from the entry and exit of those who go to work in this field.
It was witnessed that vehicles coming from the National Highway could no longer enter the village road of Mawlai Nongpdeng due to the water blocking the road.
The Governor shall be notified after the election of the new CEM after the dissolution of the Executive Committee accordingly. The Executive Committee should be dissolved because if the Governor is not informed immediately within 48 hours, the Governor should have appointed himself the CEM and one or two EMs. Bah Shylla said that he has been elected CEM twice in KHADC and I don't have to wait for the approval from the Governor, but from the Council Hall I have been accompanied. the MDCs shall immediately go to the CEM's room and start working as CEM, which shall take within 10 hours after the invitation of the Secretary of the EC and Officers; The first step is to send the names of the EMs to the Governor.
When the SP News Agency reached the area, it was seen that the trucks carrying the soil from near Umlangmar village were slowly moving along the road to cover the thiew ki sar. to the street.
At present, all the marrep have been brought to Mawsynram for sale.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynyin said that the purpose of the Council is to enrich the knowledge on the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. books that have been researched on these areas which the Council can use if there is a conflict in the rule of law.
Our objection is in accordance with the provisions of Section 3A (1) (b) of the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation, 1954 (As Amended). refusing a license:(1) In granting or refusing a license under this Regulation, the License Officer or any Officer when duly authorized by the by the Executive Committee, shall take into consideration the following matters according to the circumstances of each case, namely: (b) Whether there is any tribal who carries on the same trade or is willing to carry on such trade for which the application of license is made,” emphasized JETS24x7 on the petition.
According to the government's order, the SP News Agency and Media Plus has not published the facts according to the government's statement.
In his statement before the BSF, he said that there are still about 50 members of the GNLA and the arrest of the GNLA has been too severe. Sohan D Shira is the C-In-C of the party.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle feels that the name of the Police Outpost should be changed immediately from Jhalupara to Upper Shillong. Police Outpost' so that the indigenous people have a spirit of peace.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah AS Kharpran, Secretary Umsning Central Election Committee, on Tuesday said that if the dam closure continues, the election for the Rangbah Shnong Umsning will be postponed.
The Seng urges the vehicles to transport the patients if they don't have ambulances because the patients have to reach the hospitals for treatment, said Bah Marcos Myrthong. Shillong, July 22: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills Hills District by the Director of Health Services (HYC) Dr Aman War today. Hills District, 128 cases have been confirmed so far.
On the delay in the delivery of food, the Prime Minister said that all the food has been prepared and will reach the Isolation Wards and Corona Care Centres.
Every land that the cement companies have already purchased from the land owners, they don't come to apply for permission to mine from the District Council because they have to pay a NOC fee of Rs.10,000/- per month. The royalty will increase and reach lakhs of rupees to get the NOC. The JYF has raised the question. Why does the JHADC allow cement companies to mine mawshuh without NOC or without NOC? The NOC fee will amount to billions of rupees and will be a great blessing and benefit to the District Council. The budget of the JHADC, said Bah Majaw.
Diana Kharkongor has completed this research degree under the guidance of Dr. Papiya Ramanujam, Supervisor, Algal Ecology Laboratory, Botany Department.
This act is against the country and is also a betrayal of one's own country.
He said that as witnessed through the documents brought by the authorities, the company has only a trading license in which the name of Bhalang Singh Phanbuh appears as the owner of the company. Director while the company is run by foreigners which is obviously a corruption, said Bah Nongkseh.
The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday imposed Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the gathering of people within a distance of 1 kilometer in the area where there are illegal coal mining factories in Kyllonmathei. , Shallang, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 16 people have tested positive for Covid-19 out of which 10 are BSF personnel. Out of 220 BSF personnel who were close to the injured, 220 were tested, of which 210 were negative and 10 were positive.
Tura, Nailar 13: Meghalaya Police have scored another victory in the fight against insurgents in Ri Lum Garo by destroying another GNLA camp in South Garo Hills.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (URA) has expressed its gratitude to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the officers of NEIGRIHMS, who have taken the initiative to hand over Bhoirymbong. CHC that the doctors from this institute will provide the best service to the patients of Ri-Bhoi East.
The repeal of Articles 370 and 35A within 10 months is a major step towards achieving the dream of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel.
Speaking to Momin, Jr.
Regarding the trade between India and Bangladesh, the Chief Minister said that the Government of Meghalaya has been able to inform the Government of India which has agreed to open 20 Border Hats along the border. of Meghalaya-India – Bangladesh border.
Shillong, November 21: Two youths have been arrested by the police for allegedly robbing and kidnapping them by disguising themselves as police commandos and a pistol has been recovered from them.
Other office bearers are Finance Secretary, Dady Warjri, Maktursing Warjri, Davidunderson Warjri, Pailen Warjri and Wantar Warjri, Treasurer, along with 22 members.
He pointed out that about 300 medical colleges have started operating in the last nine years compared to 150 medical colleges in the past 10 years. year 2014.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Speaking at the Students' Festival of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School Mariang, Minister of State for Home Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh said that besides education, it is necessary to teach others. to shape their own future.
Shillong, Lber 25: On the occasion of World Oral Health Day, an Oral Awareness Camp was held at Reach Shillong Ministries under the auspices of the Department of Dentistry, NEIGRIHMS on Friday.
India's presidency of the G20 has brought attention to the role of women and the equality between men and women.
Hamletson Dohling, MLA from Mylliem, said that in his constituency, there were only 600 or 700 electricity bills but now there are 7,000-8,000 households.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the EC has decided to introduce amendments to the KHADC. it is related to the marriage form of the Christian religions.
On this occasion, placards were placed around the square where it was written that the people are against the MUDA boundary crossing. They also wrote that they should unite to demand that MUDA should be removed and there were also other writings.
Less than 31% of households in Garo Hills have received water supply as of July,
These days we see the violence of the KHADC authorities not by war but by the laws of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, until they say that the independence of the Seng Kurs, Dorbar Kurs has been violated. , the Dorbar Shnong, Raid and Dorbar Hima, to send and elect leaders to the partyless political institution of the Khasi and for the enlightenment of the Son of Man in the land of Hynniewtrep, and for the honor of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, will be honorable and well-founded, and so that the dedication and principles of Syiem Tirot, will be alive for us to come, we urge the Member District Councils ( MDCs of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils to translate into Khasi and explain and explain to their MDC constituencies in front of the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadadars, Kur Dorbars, Seng Kurs especially the Kurs who elect and appoint the chiefs. in Bri Hynniewtrep the purpose of the Act and we are ready to explain to any Kur who wants clarification regarding this Act which has increased the value of the Bri Hynniewtrep, before the foreign authorities. MDCs, MLAs, and MPs, we have gained independence from the British, but one question is why we are still enslaved by this law. pud u sam, or the rule of law.
The CM also suggested that the Job Card workers, Self Help Groups (SHGs) as well as Village Organizations (VOs) who have been present in all these two places, have also expressed their determination to advance development activities.
The beneficiaries have said that before you can get these benefits you have to pay a small fee to them to release the scheme.
Shillong, March 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Pynursla has complained about the lack of doctors at Pongtung PHC. The doctor in charge of the PHC has been on leave for about three months and there is no doctor to temporarily look after the PHC. However, they expressed their surprise at the lack of attention of the authorities in charge of the health department in the state to send temporary doctors to assist the people who need urgent treatment.
According to the Asst.General Secretary, MAWA, Bah Mainbor Khyriem, the players performed well in the right and left hands. too.
“We the two Dorbar Shnongs, DS Wapungskur and DS Wapungshnong together with the people of the area, express our deep gratitude to Bah Dkhar, MLA, for his hard work. It has been more than two years since the establishment of the office, Wapung C&RD Block: Wapung.
Shillong, March 31: The Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Ltd (MCC) has launched a campaign to reform its operational structure. as “Core Banking” which will be implemented in the Bank in November this year.
The group will meet with the Chief Minister within this month to discuss these issues.
He also stressed the need to develop District Action Plans by monitoring the identification of cases, the review of signs in wards and blocks, the Emergency Operations Center which operates 24 hours a day and daily, Incident Command System (Rapid Response Teams at all locations and emergency information).
According to the survey of the Working Group, the number of jobs in shelters will reach 1,90,1
On the other hand, the Hima Mawmluh said, “Government, do whatever you want. We don't have any hands anymore but don't affect our land. They have been facing this problem since last year. Besides the outbreak of Covid-19, there has also been the outbreak of dewbilat which has affected the income of the people of this country. region.
Later, he also led the HamaraViksitSankalp Bharat Yatra at the meeting.
As the National Party today met to discuss this issue as the time is approaching for the MP elections, at this meeting today they decided that the BJP will hold elections. He has won both the MP seats from Shillong and Tura.
A shootout broke out between SWAT and COBRA personnel and suspected GNLA militants near Songsak in Bolchugre.
So far, police have arrested 19 Nigerians.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The State Level Census Coordination Committee (SLCCC) today held a meeting at the Main Secretariat to prepare for the 2021 census in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Khasi Students' Union Laban Circle together with the Upper Shillong Circle have strongly condemned the robbery and robbery of two Khasi children, Manbha Kupar Kshiar and Wanri Kordor Khyriem from Lummawbah on the 17th of this month. June, 2017 at Umshyrpi Military Hospital.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, Bah HM Marbaniang said that their visit today is to remind the Minister of what they had discussed with Dr RC Laloo earlier. At present, there are 1521 teachers in SSA schools in the state, in 15 subs. division of the state and their salary is only T.6000/- per month while the job they do is the same as SSA teachers who get T.9200/- in LP and those who teach in UP get T.9900/- as the union wants the government to pay the same.
According to sources, there were about 14 or 15 people who shot him. The cause of the shooting is still unknown. Police have conducted a search warrant to find out the cause.
The National Health Mission of Meghalaya on Tuesday celebrated World TB Day 2024 under the theme, “Yes, we can end TB”. Director, NHM and Secretary Health & Family Welfare, Dr. FV Kharshiing DHS, MCH&FW cum Joint MD, NHM, Meghalaya, Dr. J. Kharwanlang State Tuberculosis Officer and Dr. B. Shanpru, District TB Officer East Khasi Hills, staff of RP Chest Hospital and others.
Jowai, June 20: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has received a complaint from some bill light payers in a village in East Jaintia Hills, that they have to pay more than T.100/- for the bill light. MH Dkhar President and JR Siangshai Vice President of MeECL today visited the office of MeECL, Khliehriat Revenue Sub-Division, Khliehriat to ask for The bill light has been paid too much.
The Government has decided to implement the vision of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modiubakwah so that everyone can experience the uniqueness of each state of the country.
However, the word Skulbah, which was intended to convey the meaning of the English word University, can be used by Pastor Iarrington Kharkongor, Salonsari, because it is clear, sweet and well-spoken according to the language. opinion.
The teams that reached the final include Umtong Sports Club against Mawdulop Sports Club where Umtong Sports Club became the last team by beating Mawdulop Sports Club 1-0 Mawdulop SC, which won the final, received a cash prize of Rs.5,000/- (San Hajar). The ceremony was attended by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was the Chief Guest.
Major policies such as Economic Policy, Foreign Policy, Plans, Communications and Government Issues khadar, if they come in power.
In this announcement, the Ministry of Education has given the reasons why their applications have been rejected. There are those who are studying D.El.
“This sentence is ingrained in the society of the country and to unite the society in the spirit of patriotism,” he added.
For him, the development of the country is through opening doors and not closing them.
Shillong, Nailar 17: To commemorate the Independence Day of India, the children of Nongthliew village have conducted a training and cleanliness drive under the leadership of Bah Scholar Lawriniang.
The meeting of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Gujarat was a welcome visit to Meghalaya.
The speakers explained the 14 demands of the party , strongly condemned the stinginess and negligence of the government on the demands of the party for the Jaidbynriew and also condemned Pristone Tyngsong MLA of Pynursla.
“Those who follow his teachings will remember him and follow his footsteps, the footsteps of love for his people, in whose footsteps he holds his foundation, and who puts before the land before him, before the people.
Zenith said that this appeared in the newspaper on 16 October 2022 in which he demanded that punishment should be imposed so that it will be a deterrent to other government employees in the years to come.
It was reported that there were some problems with the polling stations, but this problem has been resolved and the reason for the problem is the VVPAT which is only 1.86%, which is the lowest in the country. one amounting to 3%.
to open up more opportunities for convergence; 7.
On this occasion, the Minister expressed his sorrow to see that many of the living things are still extinct. This is a sign of danger to the environment and future generations.
This action of MeECL may be one of the reasons why the department is in short supply of funds.
Dr Mukul strongly condemned the MDA government for not being able to appoint people to be in the Lokayukta to function fully. He said that there are many allegations of corruption against the government but for now they will take care only of the illegal coal mining.
“I am not an MLA for a price, the people have elected me to be an MLA and if we get the opportunities we will be in the government, but if we don't get the opportunities, we will work as an MLA,” he said. Speaking to reporters after submitting a petition to the Prime Minister on the demand for Civil Sub Division for the people of Mawlai.
“To get students in Science and Commerce subjects is not difficult because we have well-known schools like Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School and St John Boys Higher Secondary School for Science and Commerce subjects.
At present, it is difficult for the AGP to do anything in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Due to the extremely high temperatures that have affected the entire state, the government has issued an order directing schools not to allow students to go outside or hold outdoor programs. school.
“Every step you take will help move the country forward on the path of development," he said.
The teachers in these central government universities feel that they need to have an organization to look after their welfare and at the same time to have a close relationship with each other. .
Don't bring in regional differences, religious differences and so on when you work for the nation and for all the youth.
The Government has already sent it to the Governor of the State.
On the part of the Seng Kmie, we express our deep sorrow over the passing away of this young Rangbah who was a rishot not only for his family or village, but also for the country and the country. the whole Khasi nation.
From the District Minerals Fund, this money has been spent on the construction of temporary shelters for the people at a total cost of T.8.9 crore and this has already been paid in full.
Therefore, the benefits of apprenticeship development should reach all stakeholders, the apprentice, the workplace and the economy as a whole for sustainable economic growth. Atul Kumar Tiwari, Secretary, Department of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship.
The child welfare office will provide exceptional support to these children in all aspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The CoHSO meeting held today has decided to send a letter to the government and all the MLAs of Rilum Khasi Hills to implement the Ineer. Line Permit within the State of Meghalaya.
The Election Commission of India was also consulted.
The three suspects were identified as Smith Ch.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The two organizations, after a meeting today at the JYF office, discussed the issue of job seekers from Jaintia Hills who have to travel to Shillong. To take the examination (written interview) for various vacancies called by the MPSC. This inability to travel to Shillong for this examination has created a big problem for the job seekers especially those who come from the rural areas. They are far from Sorjowai where they have to stay overnight in Shillong so that they don't have to waste time.
Also present on the occasion were Bah R Pyngrope MLA, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC, PS Dkhar DC of East Khasi Hills District and other government officials.
The teachers who will be appointed in these colleges will not be transferred from one college to another once they have been appointed in any college and will remain in the same place until they retire.
We look forward to working together for the development and improvement of education in our state.
Meanwhile, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Daniel Khongsit, said that from now on, no residential certificates should be issued to foreigners. especially not to give up in marriage.
pm onwards and this will be the first ever match that will be telecast live on the chanell Ten Action.
Shillong, Naitung 25: A delegation from the Federal Republic of Meghalaya has arrived in Meghalaya to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue of environment.
On the other hand, the BSF also showed the students the firearms used by the BSF as the first force to protect the border of the country in case of any border incident. of Bangladesh.
Speaking at a meeting held at Kongthong, the MP said that the village has been included in the UNWTO best tourism village list. the city shall be known as a city of peace.
The map of the Government of Meghalaya was approved by the Cabinet on 2411.2010 and the Government of Meghalaya has sent the same map to the Government of Assam to enhance the 12 districts. These areas are not owned by the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 02: Former MLA and President of the Meghalaya PCC, Shillong, was honored at a function held at his residence in Mawkhar, Shillong today in the presence of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, who is also the Mayor of Mawkhar.
Besides these, more than 50 people have been admitted to Myriaw PHC and Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
“In the areas of politics and rights, India has placed a strong emphasis on harmonizing democracy with the West to reflect the 'Indian character' in political affairs in the country. democracy.
Shillong, July 22: Dr Richa Bansod today announced that the Neurogen Brain and Spine Institute Mumbai will conduct a free brain treatment on 15th June 2020 in Shillong.
The Yoga was led by the Vice Principal of the College, Aida C War, with explanations on the benefits of Yoga.
Therefore, let us come out to this march, to show to the world that there are many Seng Religion, Kur and Hima but there is only one Jaitbynriew and only one language, that is the KHASI LANGUAGE. This was sent by Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani, Secretary Education Cell of KSU Seng Kmie.
The match ended with the team of Dong Lai Mer Shiteng winning the title and a cash prize of T.4,000/- (Saw Hajar Tyngka) by scoring 3-0 Sawmer could not turn away.
“As the village official I have been the Sports Secretary and the Rangbah Dong, I know all the families in Laban who are poor and who are low income,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Witting Mawsor wanted to know why the Meghalaya Literature Academy could be established and whether according to the Meghalaya Official Language Act 1981, whether MLAs can speak Khasi in the House.
In fact, the residents of this village have been in darkness without light for more than two months, since April 20, 2024, due to the deterioration or loss of this transformer. don't be afraid.
At the venue, John F Kharshiing presented both the French Ambassador Thierry Mathou and the Counsel General Didier Talpain.
Shillong, July 24: The General Secretary of the Kharraswai Kur, Bah Manbhabok Kharraswai, on Tuesday said that the Kur will distribute awards to the students of the Kur who have passed well in their examinations from SSLC, HSSLC, B.A, M.A and There will also be a prize giving ceremony for those who have scored 60% in the marks from class I to class IX who passed in
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, PD Sangma, told reporters that it is true and the Magistrate has been sent to take the necessary action. Hills also went to the scene of the accident to conduct the investigation.
Students who are eligible for this assistance must be studying in government institutions, or in any institution recognized by the government and this allocation of funds is according to the 2011 census.
Shillong, November 16: U Symbut President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit Teachers Association (MRDTA) on Tuesday said that teachers working between 28 and 35 years of age do not receive their salaries. The MLAs have been elected for only three years.
It is expected that the Prime Minister will accept the resignation of Bah Ymbon.
With these new facilities, the airport will be fully operational by 2026-2
Shillong Lajong have prepared well and will win the match today in Delhi.
“As citizens of India we should be proud that we are Indians, when we go to other countries of the world we identify ourselves as Indians. The spirit of love for one's country will spread all over the place from this place.
Shillong, November 23: The Chief Election Commissioner of India, AK Joti, on Tuesday said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) is working hard to curb the use of money in the elections. He said this today at the Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
Shillong, November 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date for the election of the Leaders of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Labor Department of the State Government has increased the wages in the past few months, and this is a welcome development for the people of the State as a whole.
In Ri Bhoi, 9 cases in East Garo Hills, 9 cases from Maharatra, 8 cases from Iew Rongjeng and 7 cases from West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Mawiong Unit today 25/5/2020 under the leadership of Samla D.Iawphniaw visited the family of Bah C.Marbaniang at Mawiong Umjapung, Rumnong. He was buried in the collapse of a neighbour's house after the heavy rainfall on Tuesday 22/5/2
Two GNLA cadres were injured in the clash but managed to flee the scene.
Now it is up to each of us whether we want to put the interests of the farmers who are the backbone of society first.
Shillong, July 23: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) does not support the demand of the Voice of the People (VPP) to re-appoint the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP). The Government has dismissed three investigating officers because the law does not allow the re-appointment of retired officers.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Managing Director of the Blind Lead Trust, Bah Jitendra Dkhar and the Assistant Secretary, Bandiwa Khymdeit, have urged the parents of the Blind Lead Trust to take care of their children. they should not just keep them at home but send them to training centres.
In this village, the farmers after receiving an explanation from Bah Khrawkupar said that they are ready to work together to fight against many of the problems and rights of the farmers which they should get.
Answering questions, he said that the contest against the two prominent candidates in the state is not easy, Bah Alexander Hek Laloo who has led the constituency for the past 25 years and Pynshngainlang Syiem, former MLA of Mawsynram and now MDC. Samborlang said that his purpose in entering politics is not to strengthen his work in the field of politics. He has already established his job and what he wants is a clean service to the people.
All the speakers at all the other meetings said that Meghalaya needs the ILP to protect the minorities from the invasion of other ethnic groups and said that all the MLAs are united. The protest started at 11 pm and ended at 3 pm with the permission of the District Administration. The protest continued throughout the state.
New Delhi, Naitung 13: The Ministry of Home Affairs today convened a meeting of the four states bordering Bangladesh, including Assam, West Bengal, Tripura, Meghalaya and Mizoram. .
With the promise of the Minister, the government will now be able to pay those villages which still need to receive money after the implementation of the scheme and also to start other new schemes.
“Until now, no one has come to ask for permission from the Hima and the Hima has not given permission to anyone but they have just sat down when the space is available, especially at the bus stop. Mawlai previously "It was also said that this ban on people not to sit and sell on the sidewalks is the decision of the court which they cannot do anything to obey and respect it. The kingdom has not given anyone a place, nor has it been able to protect them.
This bill will also open up the opportunity for cooperation in agriculture where people can invest in agriculture where farmers can get the benefits of financial support and this bill is sufficient to improve the farmers in the country.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South East Central Circle on the 27th of this month has renewed its new office bearers for the term 2024-2 Members of KSU South East Central Circle, Pynursla from 8 units.
The participants were delighted to take part in this day and to taste the food of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The roof of a school in Hyngkarai village has collapsed for four months but the government authorities have not covered the roof of the school. schools of this village go to school.
However, the leaders of the JSU and JYF have acknowledged that this is the truth and not just an allegation, and should not be misled by this news release by the AJYWO which is only a propaganda news.
Shillong, July 01: Shillong Police have decided to curb drug trafficking in Shillong.
If this happens, paragraphs 1 and 2 shall apply.
We have also made progress in the field of gender equality when Parliament passed the Women's Reservation Bill.
He said that he is happy that the MPLAD schemes will be distributed first from Mawlai Iewrynghep because he was born and raised in Mawlai Iewrynghep. I'm from the village.
The second MoU was signed between the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS), which is part of the Ministry of Defence, and the office bearers of the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA). The two sides will meet and work together to develop adventure tourism and sports avenues in Meghalaya in collaboration with NIMAS. assistance through sponsorships and other resources.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has announced that vehicles carrying more than 10 tonnes of weight are prohibited from passing through the SD Road to Mawpdang to Jaroit and from Jaroit to Nongkhali without permission. get permission.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DC of South West Khasi Hills District said that according to the estimates received today, six houses in Ranikor Block and seven houses in Mawkyrwat Block have been prepared for the loss. send to the government for payment of compensation.
What they want is always communication and when there is communication good comes out.
On the closing ceremony, the Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Bah Highness Marbaniang was the Chief Guest while Bah B.Rymnong was the Symbud Chief Guest. Khasi College, Bah WB Rynjah, teachers and students.
Regarding the purchase of stamps, the Cabinet has decided to start selling E-Stamps for the convenience of the people across the state. .
For all these decades, Assam has set up its police station on the Umthna River and this still exists, but in 2022 the Assam government has built a road from Rani Amring, Umsahlani, Dumakaham, Age, he went to Gharbagnar.
Also present on the occasion were Ripnar Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, K. Pyngrope, District Agriculture Officer, K. Swer, Project Director, ATMA, Bah S. Rani, Assistant Director of ATMA. Horticulture and Bah G.Nongrang, Sub Divisional Agriculture Officer.
Speaking to reporters at his office in Nongrimhills, he said that the election day for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be only three days away. he hopes that the people will elect representatives who can understand to protect the nation through laws.
At the same time, the GSU urged the rebel groups in Garo Hills to refrain from bloodshed in order to bring peace and stability.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the youths said that since the implementation of the E-Stamp, they have faced problems due to the lack of places to sell the E-Stamp. to set up more places so that it will not disadvantage students who apply for scholarships.
In various sectors, lending has exceeded pre-pandemic times.
(SP News)Nongpoh, Naitung 05: The residents of Nongrimjyrmie village in Ri-Bhoi district have received many benefits and information on the poultry industry through a workshop on poultry. Farming and hundreds of people attended the workshop.
Speaking to reporters, the publicity secretary of the party, Bah Donbor Dkhar, in the presence of the parents of those children who competed in the police force, said that invitation only to those who have received many marks.
The Minister said that according to information, the number of members of the HNLC should not exceed 10. The police are investigating the incident and those involved will be punished severely. according to the law.
Youths from Wahiingdoh Mawkhar Circle to come out as a volunteer of the Non-Violent Direct Action (NVDA), to go out and stand together with other youths in front of the Assam Secretariat now called Meghalaya Secretariat. in front of the Assam Secretariat on 10th September 1968, without worrying about what would happen and to demand “NO Hill State NO REST” in
According to the estimates, 9,98,990 people have been given the first Tika, 2,82,603 ​​people have been given the second Tika and 12,81,5 to this day.
In the past, the age limit was 32 years.
After the discovery of the skull, police recovered the bones of Lbong and Krung from the stream of Bivar Road, Shillong.
Shillong, March 06: Three people have died of COVID-19 in Shillong, March 06: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed three deaths from COVID-1 East Jaintia Hills 1, the death toll has risen to
Therefore, it is necessary to have adequate venues, modern selection methods and adequate training in order to develop the athletes and also to achieve the qualification for the Olympic Games.
Shillong, June 27: About 150 youths, children and the elderly have completed a three hour walk from Janiaw to Mawlyngbna and Lawbah village on Saturday.
He said that as citizens, they have a leading role in maintaining the old efforts.
The BSF said that the value of these drugs has reached T.2.1 lakh tyngka. This year they have seized 7433 bottles of Phensedyl. there is no illegal trade.
According to a statement on the Facebook page, HBK Lyngdoh has criticized the HANM for holding a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on 3rd November You are the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong, June 01: Many taxpayers who went to pay the Professional Tax at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today expressed their surprise to learn that the tax has been increased.
Speaking after the ceremony, Samala Lambokstar Marngar urged and congratulated the students who came here for their studies but they should not forget their homeland, and not forget to look after the needs of their brothers and sisters. read here.
If we want to appreciate the hard work of the farmers, it is time for the government, civil society, traders, farmers and all to come together to solve the problems faced by the farmers. from time to time.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Sengkmie has been pleased to see through the media that the government through the Minister in charge of Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong has taken action regarding the loss of forests. Cement companies have discovered 1800 hectares (18 square kilometers) of forest land in the state by the Joint Inspection Team (JIT) appointed by the state government through the order of the central government.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSUJHD) has strongly condemned the police of Ri Bhoi District for the shooting and bombing of its members.
They will also talk to the two other District Councils in the state, JHADC and GHADC, as these too were British territories before India gained independence.
Thanks to Tymmen U San for praying to 'Lei Shyllong' and also to God, that in this time of spread of the disease, I pray that the powers of God will help us. in the country to protect and care for all together without regard to religious customs.
which is known as the “Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill”.
The union through the petition also demanded to set up Examination Centers in the district so that those who contest the examination conducted by NIOS can find it easier to travel.
Many of the MDCs want to change the MDC constituencies according to the change of districts.
The demand of the union is on the basis of protecting the people of Riwar area from the Corona Virus (CoVID 19).
He urged the government to set up these health centers in all areas from District, Sub-Division and Block levels.
A special program to mark the Azadi Ka Amrit Mohotsav in Shillong was also launched by Bah F Roy Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Department of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 15: Today, 420 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 241 from East Khasi Hills and 48 from West Jaintia Hills.
The Cabinet Secretary assured the Sikkim Government that the Central Government teams are ready and ready to provide assistance.
As the organizers, we invite you all the talented people of Meghalaya to come forward to showcase your talents through this event.
The Government through discussions and meetings has informed that it will do whatever is necessary to relocate these people.
You may have noticed that there have been some discussions about these changes.
Shillong, June 26: The JAC Ri-bhoi today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong. AT Mandal, in charge of the electricity department, said Jackson Sohtun.
The Central Government has already allocated T 678.39 crore to the state for the year 2021-22 for the implementation of the JalJeevan Mission which is nearly four times the amount allocated for the year 2020-2
“We accept the decision of the people to renew the election of a new MLA.
The decision to temporarily close the road is due to the fact that the road is in extremely poor condition and has put the people in great difficulty in the traffic of the people of Maweit area.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: A male teacher of JNV School Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District today was dismissed for allegedly assaulting the female students of the school.
These characteristics cause great problems to the children of the thousand when there is no full Syiem and especially cause instability of administration.
Through this, many members of the group took the initiative to reject bloodshed.
There are only 250 Tika centers in the state and the government today decided to increase the number of Tika centers in the state for the convenience of the people. the people shall not take this lat protection.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, today announced that Latiplang Kharkongor has received 15 votes and 15 votes for the election of the new CEM. Bah Teinwell is a Dkhar.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of his wife Anita, Bah Kharkongor expressed his gratitude to all those who have helped in all aspects during this trip.
Fredric R Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Textile Department, said that this is related to the environment. such as Ryndia clothes and others.
“The fight against this disease is the responsibility of the government alone, but everyone has to work together, but if we don't know how to prevent it because people don't know,” said Zenith Secretary AICC. For example, in South West Garo Hills District, the case is from Salmapara, the government has tested him and sent him home and after receiving the result he was found positive. There is no such information to the people that the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister are still talking about.
The Minister said that the family will not be happy if there is no health.
“This will even jeopardize the security of those middle recipients who rely on these devices," he added.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM of KHADC said that the office can be opened tomorrow morning if necessary. are the employees of this office.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Chief Whip of the Opposition, Bah Process T Sawkmie today visited the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai in the presence of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Transport and Communications. Speaking to media after inspecting the bus stop, Bah Process said that there is a The Commissioner of Public Works and Highways (MoHFW) has said that the funds have now arrived to complete the project.
Speaking to media at the Meghalaya Frontier office in Umpling, BGB Chief Md Zakir Hossain said that there are no more BGB in Bangladesh. we that ktem lehnoh.
The body of Bah Ron Cooper Massar was found on Tuesday from Wah Umïam after he went missing since Tuesday at about 4:00 pm while he was leaving the river. I went to the step.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the ban to fight against COVID-19 has put the people in trouble especially on the part of the government. Because this has happened unexpectedly.
He talked to those who have benefited from the Central Government schemes, including the PM AWAS Yojana and found that there has been a good implementation of the schemes.
The ATSA leaders expressed their concerns about the Tamil and other Dravidian people in India and also the KSU leaders expressed their concerns about the Khasi people.
In another statement, NEFIP, a coalition of North Eastern political parties, led by the Confederation of The CoMSO of Meghalaya has decided to hold protests against the CAB across the North East.
Shillong, June 12: The total amount of money seized during the MP elections in the state has reached T.71 lakh, said the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah Fredric R Kharkongor.
In a statement, the Prime Minister said that in public administration, the presence of NGOs is essential because they are the ones who speak out on the issues of the people.
This is especially to strengthen their minds and to avoid thinking about bad things and which will be a threat to the village, the society and especially the country and the nation. hi all.
Referring to the receipt of payment for treatment of patients under the MHIS scheme, the Chief Minister said that it is higher from private hospitals than from government hospitals.
Loomiongkjam, Jowai, Sokha and Madan Kynsaw were the winners in the traditional music competition.
This is a very serious matter, if the party finds anyone who uses the name for it, they do not demand money, if found, the party will punish because all this is to disrupt the discussion. comfortable.
The party which has been opposing this issue for many years and this time also stands on the same basis to say “EM” to the municipal elections, because they don't want the customs and traditions to be forcibly violated. They forcibly introduced foreign customs to undermine the powers of the Dorbar Shnong, the Dorbar Hima, the Dorbar Raid.
This is a golden opportunity for unemployed youth.
After receiving a speech from Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Hima Khyrim and an explanation from Bah John F Kharshiing, and after the suggestion of many people, the Dorbar decided to hold a public meeting from Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima Dorbars, Sengbhalang, together with the children of thousands to attend the 4th Special Peoples Parliament, to be held on the 13th , in Mairang, Khadsawphra Hills.
“When patients go to buy five medicines prescribed by doctors, they get only one and four types of medicines are not available and have to buy from private shops, and people have to go to Shillong just to “I don't have enough health centers in Mawphlang constituency,” said Mawkordor.
The BDO and the Rani Border Out Post Police rushed to the scene but were stopped on the road due to the fallen trees in the middle of the road.
It is learned that among the people who were present at that time, some of them said don't shoot but the people should listen. They went together and managed to escape from the place.
Noting that NEHUSU has received many complaints from many students, Diengdoh said, “NEHUSU is pleased to have an awareness campaign on gender within the university for the benefit of students. students, faculty and staff.
Students from various schools in the village also took part to spread the message of preserving and caring for the environment and its surroundings.
Shillong, Naitung 03: On behalf of the Meghalaya Awakened Concerned Citizens (MACC), we need to get full clarification through the Department of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government regarding the distribution of drugs in Marten.
Is it right, then, for the police to use their powers excessively? How can they not think that in this protest there are also children and through this action of the police has endangered the lives or injured these children.
The KSU Mawkasiang Unit has done this after receiving complaints from many people especially those who used to go for treatment at the hospital.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The use of plastics these days is very high and this is now affecting the health of mankind and the environment.
Police are conducting investigation to track down this new group of traffickers.
Interestingly, after the taxi drivers were picked up, the policeman on duty at that time ordered the passengers that if the taxi driver does not take them to the taxi driver, The place where they intend to go will be informed so that they can act according to the law.
With the opening of this portal in Meghalaya, there will be a change in the payment of assistance to the people, such as subsidy for tyndong lyer, subsidy for rice. Now the money can be sent directly to the accounts of the people who are entitled to receive it.
From these states, they will explain the benefits of visiting their states.
However, now these trees have grown up and have started to cut down the sing boards of the company which have been placed in the area.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the work of the Government is clear for the development of the State.
The Government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to look into this matter.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of the organization, Sabyasachi Dutta, said that the purpose of the festival is to bring closer the people of the North East. and other neighboring countries.
The Indian government wants to follow China's policy.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ribhoi Sepngi Circle on Thursday informed the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma about the loss of school children in Ribhoi Sepngi due to the lack of education. The construction of the Residential School at Jirang Village, Ribhoi District has not yet been completed.
The march was attended by the people of Sohiong Hima from four villages under the Lyngdoh Sohiong Hima.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Guru Rawben Mashangva, the famous traditional singer of Manipur, while opening the exhibition of paintings by the students of Riti Academy, Umsohsun Shillong, said that the Young people have forgotten their customs and traditions.
The Voting in the Place of Origin Act is a law which prohibits the Poiwir and Mynder from voting in the country.
On the other hand, these Border Guard Force today held a Flag Meeting.
“We have only 15 lakh Hindus in population, if only 10 lakh Hindus come from Bangladesh, our minority nation is over,” said the KSU leader. CAB became law and in the same year the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya also passed a resolution to demand the Government of India to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The Government of India has been reading the Resolution since
The Seng wants lasting peace and at the same time to get the rights of the people of Hynnietrep and the Seng opposes any desire to bring temporary peace. it cannot affect the right.
AIM Meghalaya has not been able to meet with the Education Minister of Meghalaya Shri Rakkam A Sangma and the Director of DSEL Shri Swapnil Tembe, IAS. The Joint Director of DSEL, Bah L.Lyngdoh.
The Congress leader said it would be good if the two chief ministers of Assam and Meghalaya continue the talks on how to resolve the border issue between the two states.
We are still working hard to track down the suspect,” said SP Shailendra Bamaniya.
Anyone who violates these rules will be punished under the provisions of the Act. If anyone is affected by this rule, they will contact the relevant authorities if there is a need to amend this rule.
These great personalities include Mahatma Gandhi, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Maulana Azad, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, Sardar Vallabhai Patel and many others who played a role in the liberation of the country.
The Seng demands that the State Government should take action on this issue and inform the ears of the Central Government that it should not implement this Act in Meghalaya and instead should implement it. The Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and to ensure the proper border.
Joy Dey, SMC Global Securities Ltd.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Bah C.Tangliang, the Secretary Shnong Bah H.Pachiang, members of the KSU Iooksi Unit and others.
The flag of India will be hoisted at Polo by the Governor Dr KK Paul and other government ministers will hoist it at the headquarters of the Districts and Civil Sub Divisions.
The Asian Center for Human Rights has urged the Indian government to order the BSF to allow these refugees to stay temporarily while the protests are ongoing and to leave when the protests have subsided.
Shillong, June 14: The XV General Assembly of the Archdiocese of Shillong today was held at Parish Wahlang St. George. 2024.
Finally, the party strongly warns that they should not be mushlia and violent in all the Khasi villages otherwise the party will take strong measures.
Tura, Lber 15: The Minister of State for Social Welfare, Deborah Marak today launched her MP election campaign from Williamnagar by introducing the candidate of Daryl William Momin in East Garo Hills.
In East Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 24, East Khasi Hills 886 cases, North Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 63, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 4, South West Khasi Hills 9, West Garo Hills 95, West Jaintia Hills, 16 West Khasi Hills and 1128 cases.
The HSPDP has demanded that the government should set up a Consultative Committee to study the issues that the state has before meeting with the Assam government. The state will turn 50 years old and the party wants to see that the state will have a full border.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Federation of Khasi States, has decided to hold a meeting with the Chiefs of Meghalaya. , the Dolloi, Sirdarships and Council of Nokmas) to hold a meeting as agreed for the third and once a year of the Rulers from the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima, Bakhraw, Longsan, President-Secretary Kur, Rangbah Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Raid Dorbar, and Hima Dorbar, including Village Youth Associations, Hima Youth Associations, Longkmie Associations, Bhalang Associations, and leaders. Today to discuss, exchange views and celebrate the 65th Anniversary (1948-2013) of the Treaties and Promises since the date of signing and approval between the Government of India and the 2013 Hima Khasi States, signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement on 17th August
In his speech, Bah Latiplang congratulated the sisters who have taken on this great responsibility to raise and care for the elderly who have no one to take care of them.
The Seng's visit to this day was to demand that the people of this area should apply for jobs first as there are many unemployed youth from this area who are entitled to receive jobs and who are entitled to jobs. experienced and who have completed their studies.
The central theme of this suggestion is that any Khasi who marry non-Khasis will lose their status as Khasi.
The 49th Annual Cultural Competition is a celebration of talent, creativity and unity.
While the construction of the NH-40 to fourlane road in Ri Bhoi District is ongoing, many of the residents have faced many problems. M/s NKC Pvt., has been facing a problem in the water shortage which has been going on for about two months due to the robbery by the machinery of the company M/s NKC Pvt.
He said how the BSF and the state government have not been able to prevent the influx of Bangladeshis today in front of the Dawki River where the people from Dawki and Riwar areas have been infected. I'm going to go to the market in this place.
However, this school has been neglected all these years where the house has been destroyed and the buildings have been destroyed.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also met with Union Minister Piyush Goyal and during the meeting, they discussed the issue of trade for Meghalaya.
At the same time, he requested the HNLC not to immediately inform the government.
There are 172 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 77 cases from West Garo Hills, 43 cases from West Garo Hills, 17 cases from Ri Bhoi and 12 cases from West Jaintia Hills. There are 40 districts in the state.
She also announced that hotels and guest houses within the village area have been allowed to open from that day so that tourists can stay.
At present, the government forest has lost about 60 percent of its cover due to the widespread felling of trees and coal mining inside the government forest.
The Legal Cell of JYF will take strong action against those who have insulted JYF President PL Majaw, by alleging that he demanded money from former CEM of JHADC MB Rymbai.
He pointed to the possibilities of misleading news on social media that can affect the conduct of fair and transparent elections in the world.
“To make matters worse, the corruption of the Government has come to light when the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has summoned me, the Chairman and the Finance Secretary even after the talks have started. forward," he added.
He said that the ILP will not fit the present time to protect the minorities there are other ways.
Democratic beliefs play a major role in the country’s social history.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The BSF and Meghalaya Police in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police to ensure the smooth running of the election have conducted a search operation on the roads in West Garo Hills District. .
There will also be a beauty pageant called 'Miss Lidakha' 2017 and on the 25th there will be many competitions with music to entertain the audience.
On the Minister's statement that the ASHAs are volunteers, Mira June said, “If the ASHAs are volunteers, the Minister has no right to invite the ASHAs to come and work.
The Central Government has not listened to the opposition of Manipur, Mizoram and Meghalaya, but the Central Government has not listened to the opposition of these state governments.
As it is known that Mawsynram is the rainiest place in the world, this has put the iiet in trouble especially during the rainy season and many have urged the government to look into this office. which needs to be repaired.
The union also requested that the shops should have a registration seal from the relevant department and the shops should have a cash memo containing the trading license number, the name of the shop and Therefore, in order to curb the illegal trade by these shops and especially to install display boards with the prices of food items.
Others who took part in the discussion in the House were Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai, Rona Khyndeit MDC Nongpoh. Over the years he has done many things for the benefit of the people and the Council as a whole.
By focusing and promoting one product from one district, this initiative brings about social and income development in the areas where special clusters and communities have built their own special situation.
The centralized gas manifold at NEIGRIHMS will be completed in the coming days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: In an unprecedented information and delivery, the Vikasit Bharat SankalpYatra, the biggest initiative of the Government of India, has made progress in reaching the most difficult to reach places in the country. to provide information on the welfare schemes of the Government of India and the implementation of 100% of the major programs of the Government.
At the same time, I have not heard that HSPDP MDC Bah Martle Mukhim, who is also Co-Chairman of the RDA, will come forward to support the current EC,” he said. Independent MDC from Nongthymmai, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has remained in the Opposition.
It was also necessary to suggest to the State Government authorities to write to the Union Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, to issue visas on arrival to foreign tourists, as part of the development of tourism.
He said that the allocation for the market is for the fiscal year 2020-2021, the work has been completed so far 90% and the remaining 10% of the market will not be completed by November this year. year.
It also appointed three vice presidents, James S Lyngdoh, Shitlang Pale, HM Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma and Marthon M Sangma.
Our mothers and sisters have to walk 2,3,5 km to carry heavy water on their heads.
The amendment of Articles 370 and 35A was passed in the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha by a 2/3 majority.
From in front of the residence of the Prime Minister, the police took them to Sardar Police Station and placed them inside the Hall of the Police Station where they used to hold meetings from time to time. The HYC members were taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
On the other hand, u Bah Leader thanked the members of the Seng who have worked hard to be the protectors of the Jaitbynriew and also the office of KHADC Shillong who have never refused to give us the On the other hand, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle will soon meet with the government authorities. to demand that it should curb the illegal entry of foreigners and at the same time to impose severe punishment on those Labor Inspectors who do not fulfill their duties by saying: “It will not benefit Why should we pay salaries to people who don't do their job properly, because those who conduct the raids from time to time are only members of the Seng Bhalang”.
The remaining connectivity to the North East is a small area in West Bengal which has created many challenges to support development activities in the region.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Augustine Marak, one of the leaders of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee, said that it is true that tomorrow morning they will go to Garoland. Delhi to submit a petition to the Prime Minister to demand Garoland.
July 12: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today addressed the closing ceremony of the 2nd National Youth Parliament Festival through video conferencing.
The Karnataka Schedule Castes Sub-Plan and Tribal Sub-Plan (Planning, Allocation and Utilization of Financial Resources) Act 2013 was discussed at the meeting.
The blockade and opposition to the two lane road by many churches has blocked the project due to the lack of NOC from the KHADC. The two lane is to run the uranium mining industry in the state.
News Delhi, Jymmang 30: The Union Minister in charge of Rural Development, Gopinath Munde, on Tuesday said that the present government will introduce a new rule in the MGNREGA scheme to punish those who delay. in paying the salaries of the employees.
These 28 farmers who have already registered with KHADC for the purpose of maintaining their forests will be an example for other farmers to come forward to take steps to maintain their forests. bstage.
The meeting was attended by the Sordars of various villages, leaders of FKJGP Sengkmie and leaders of various districts and circles. E. Kharbihkhiew, Associate Professor UCC, Samla Daniel Ramsiej, Vice-President KJBWA. The Symbud Chief Guest of the Seng urged the farmers not to lose heart or lose hope . The Seng is with them in all aspects regarding the development of their agriculture , Speech was also delivered by Bah Ronnie Wahlang who was the Chief Guest who expressed his satisfaction to see this initiative of the Seng to develop the farmers by opening the farmer's house.
“It is shocking that people who are in positions of service to the country, as soon as they lose these positions, forget the positive changes that have come in our country.
Furthermore, in the Manifesto, the RDA has also pledged to empower the youth by introducing a Youth Policy and Sports Policy and to encourage and support sportsmen, musicians, tyngshops and Rehabilitation Centers will be supported for the benefit of those who have become addicted to alcoholic beverages such as drugs and others.
These minerals are copper, gold, silver, diamond, lithium, cobalt, molybdenum, lead, zinc, cadmium, elements in the list of precious metals, graphite, vanadium, nickel, tin, tellurium, selenium, indium, rock phosphate, apatite, potash, rhenium, tungsten, elements in the list of platinum and other minerals which have been recommended for removal from the list of atomic minerals.
Reports published by Indian channels through Facebook are related to the allegation that one nation is full of terrorists, and encourages hatred between followers of different religions.
Dkhar said that the absence of a Rangbah Shnong has put the residents in trouble with their daily needs and this has led to a lack of understanding within the village.
The Unit completed its duties and programs on this day, and distributed prizes to the winners of the Lucky Draw.
They also include 37 posts of fireman, 25 posts of driver, 21 posts of MPRO operator constable, 368 posts of AB (armed branch), 13 posts of driver for men, 3 posts of SF10, ne we call 'Special Fluis', AB sub-inspector.
Under this, more than 37,000 tribal communities who suffer from miserable lives are now living dignified lives.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, Sonowal promised to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that he will talk to the Principal Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to This issue has been resolved so that the students do not lose their education.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Regarding the complaint of the CSWO that the names of MLAs and MDCs should be nominated, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said, “On my part, I am not sure what to do. I don't want to do anything wrong if it is illegal I am ready not to be an MDC, but this is the choice and will of the people.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Pro-Term Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, today swore in 58 newly elected MLAs as full members of the Legislative Assembly. the state legislature.
On 24th July, 2021, the Union Minister in charge of Labor held talks with the leaders of Central Trade Unions including Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (MS), Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC).
We have requested the authorities to inspect all Madrasas in Meghalaya and to enroll all children in schools because according to Article 21 (a) of the Constitution, all children have the right to to allow them to go to school until the age of 14 years and even the State Government has to give them this right to go to school”.
If the government doesn't do this, we will look for stronger solutions.
The complaints inside the hospital include, from the staff to the doctors, the lack of equipment, including the X.Ray Machine, in which the union demanded that the City-Scan and also Ultrasound machine, light and to open the Blood Bank.
He said the police intelligence unit is strong.
Pala said the allocation of tickets for the MDC elections will depend on the decision of the Block as there is no interference from the High Command in Delhi.
When questioned by the police, the two men, who did not want to be named, said that they were planning to take the weapons to Karbi-Anglong District in Assam.
The meeting was attended by leaders in various fields related to this issue and discussed the methods of measuring income from the sky, the new sky and the responsibilities from the the role of sustainable space activities, the new space economy in the G20 countries and opportunities for cooperation among other topics.
Guwahati, November 29: The 12-day Dwijing Festival in Bodoland of Assam is underway with people from all over India coming to witness the festival. tamsa is special.
Shillong, July 06: The Khasi Hills District Council (KSU) has strongly opposed the invitation of a sealed tender by the Atomic Minerals Directorate (KSU) on November 27, 2016 for the drilling of uranium in Nongjri area of ​​South West district. Khasi Hills District.
We have worked for six months but we have not received any payment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah Process T Sawkmie MDC of the Congress Party from Mawlai Constituency on Tuesday congratulated Bah LG Nongsiej for winning the post of Chairman without any opposition. “The Governor does not respect us MDCs,” said the MDC from Mawlai, who has only 10 days to come to the KHADC. The dorbar to elect the new Chairman, he said, has been informed only one day that the dorbar will be held today.
The SSLC and HSSLC examination periods have disappeared.
Speaking to media, UDP Parliamentary Party Leader Titostarwell Chyne said the party demands that the UDP leaders should immediately punish Lambor Malngiang for his actions against them. rules of procedure of the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today distributed funds to Garo Hills for the implementation of the Payment for Ecosystem Services scheme.
Among those arrested by the police, some are minors. All these people are still in the custody of the police for further investigation.
Shillong, November 13: The FKJGP Mawsynram Circle is deeply surprised at the abandonment of houses by the State Government through the Forest Department. The Shnong Mawsynram has not been able to implement anything for many years now, which has turned into a place covered with niut ki nier and phlang.
The 44-Bn BSF today donated blood to the people of Meghalaya on this special day.
Nongstoin, April 30: The FKJGP Greater Nongkhnum (FKJGP) has called for the construction of the Nongstoin-Sangriang to Nongbum (Phanliang) road which passes through Sohparu, Diangsyiang. stand shall be a blessing.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The PIB office has said that a man from Aizawl has posted a fake message on Facebook on The Khatla North Quarantine Center in Aizawl has confirmed that one person has tested positive for Covid-1
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the government is ready to work with any private hospital in order to provide adequate health care to the people.
Therefore, at this time, the Dorbar of Chiefs, the Federation of Khasi States, the Dolloi and the Nokma, urge the Government of Meghalaya to bring a special official resolution. in the House under Para 12 A(b) of the Sixth Schedule, to demand from the Government of India to i) amend these Acts and Rules to be in accordance with our way of life and ii) to demand that The Government of India will expedite the incorporation of the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India through a special Article so that we can avoid such conflicts between the Acts of Parliament and the customs and traditions of our people. exclusive.
At a meeting convened by the Sub-Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, the BSF leaders asked for two months to send the report of the inquiry to the SDO. those who patrol in the border villages should cooperate with the village authorities.
The cost of the Speaker's room and PS room is 2,91,873 tyngka.
The meeting was witnessed by Victor B Lyne on behalf of MTDC and M/s Lessy Shylla was witnessed by Bah Vincent H Pala.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Co-Ordination Committee between the two battalions of border guards between Bangladesh and India has held a meeting.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor said that it is through these awareness programs that we can really eradicate many kinds of evils through the cooperation in all aspects.
Not only that, there was also an exhibition and sale of goods and food made by the people of Sohra, such as wine, beverages, handicrafts, and others.
Shillong, March 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday congratulated Donkam M Marak, a youngster from West Garo Hills, on being selected to play football for Hyderabad. India.
: About 40 personnel of the Central Police will arrive in Meghalaya to ensure peace and order during the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of this month.
Shillong, November 30: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) today launched a book written by Thrumen M Sangma in Garo entitled “ Fuel Bag".
Shillong, Lber 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2014-2015 with a deficit of T.527 crore.
Up to 5,02,275 children from all over Assam took part in the competition.
Zenith said that in the Bill passed in Parliament there was no word for government price, if there is no price setting from the government how can they say that it will not affect the farmers.
Awards were also distributed to various VOs and SHGs at the programme.
Of those who tested positive today, 12 cases have been tested positive, 2 cases have returned and 1 case has headache.
A day later, employees of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) cut off the electricity supply to these households and found that it was Ajmera Marbles shop that had illegally distributed electricity to these households. they don't have this slum.
Referring to the current election, he said that the contest is with all the candidates who have filed their nominations as MP candidates. He was accompanied by MPCC President Dr C Lyngdoh, MLA Himalaya Shangpliang and Wansuk Syiem MP. Sabha and other Congress party leaders and family members.
Myntri Rangbah Duh has decided to transform the North East into a crime-free region and in this regard, the Central Government has held talks with the State Governments and those involved in this matter.
The voice that came out of this meeting was to urge the Information Technology Department to work with schools to prevent school children from opening such malicious websites.
The Chief Minister also praised the officers and urged them not to allow power, money and temptation to lead them but as officers they should establish a foundation. how to provide service to the public.
At the beginning of the curfew in many places in Shillong, there was tire burning and stone blocking on the roads. Unidentified persons burnt down a Gypsy which is a police vehicle. ML-02-5052 at Lumjingshai near FCI. To strengthen security measures, police have conducted patrolling around the roads and areas of Shillong, as well as at the headquarters of Shillong. of the Districts to maintain peace in the village.
On the other hand, former Chief Minister DD Lapang congratulated the BJP party for its efforts in all development projects.
On the same day, trees were planted in the Syiem Forest of Mylliem Hima and also the release of Dohkha by Samka Barikula in the Mawlai Bypass River which flows from NEHU. The Mawlai Bypass is located on the Mawlai Bypass from Mawlai to Mawlai.
In MHIS Phase-2 according to the Electoral Roll 2013, the number of registered households has increased to 3,46,548 from 7,62,316 and the registration rate has increased to 50.5%.
“We have investigated thoroughly into this incident and have gone to look for those who claim that it is plastic rice to find out the truth, but they have not found it,” he said. It is only the thanksgiving of someone who is still sending them to find out the truth.
Other speakers included the DC of South West Garo Hills Ram Singh and other government officials.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that to do any work, the government has to look into the financial situation, because if it does, it should not be working for the people. public interest.
He said that AMSSANTA will urgently hold a meeting of the Executive Committee to take a decision on the protests which the Association will announce in the coming days.
Shillong, Natiung 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that three persons have tested positive for COVID-1
Since November this year, the transformer of this village has been lost, and after a few days, the Dorbar Shnong of Mukhap village together with the leaders of JSU Mukhap Unit have informed the authorities, but MeECL (Distribution Division Jowai Division) has not believed at all and the people are left in darkness and the students have faced difficulties because they have to prepare for their various exams.
The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has called this emergency meeting to discuss the issue of NIOS has again misled the D.El.
During this visit to Eri Silk village, the journalists saw various aspects of the silk industry – from the cultivation of sairusom insects, the dyeing, the dyeing and the silk industry.
Our enemy is changing over time and we need to work together to fight him with hard work and determination.
The two honorees were Wanborlang Wansai who scored 100/100 in Mathematics and Nishant Talukdar who scored rank 2023 and get 100/100 in science subject.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The State Level Mission Football Tournament 2018 for men and women aged 15 to 18 years was held today at the JN Stadium, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Children from home to school have been taught and explained that they should keep the community clean.
On the other hand, NESO has no choice but to warn the central government that it should not play with the future of the people in order to gain political advantage.
These three players won the Rnong medal.
The reason for the annexation to Mikir Hills was not on territorial, ethnic and cultural grounds but only because of administrative convenience at that time.
History and facts on the ground show that Block I and Block II are Hynniewtrep areas, but before the law they are part of Assam and Karbi Anglong while the Notification of the Assam Government remains in force. .
Danggo resigned from the Congress MLA post after the government promised to set up a Civil Sub-Division in Ranikor which was rejected by the Congress government in recent years while Agatha resigned. Conrad K Sangma to contest the election so that if he wins, he can continue as the Chief Minister of the state.
Baghmara, Nialar 08: More than 1,000 residents of Baghmara today marched to express their opposition to the insurgency in South Garo Hills District, at the same time to condemn the kidnapping, extortion and killing of civilians by insurgents.
He said that providing services to all is the way to good service delivery by the Government. He said that the Central Government and the Government of Meghalaya have taken good steps for the development of you country.
The information that the people receive on the various schemes that the government has to benefit the people which the government has implemented, because the people need to know what the government has done for them, he said. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Speaking at a meeting today at Polo, he said that if they come to invest in the state, they should build pig farms and run the market by selling them in a clean manner. You don't have to bring pigs from abroad but you don't have pigs from this state.
These trees planted by the Governor today inside the Governor's House are known as the Himalayan Blue Pine and the scientific name is Pinus wallichiana. of the Pinaceae tree.
“This EC will be strict against foreigners who come to do business without proper documents and do not respect the Council to apply for licences,” he said. added.
However, the Lalremruata Varte of Mizoram has written about the Mizo culture by promoting Christianity as a clear sword to correct the Mizo people.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office said it has received a report from the Incident Commander that the people who visit the market have not followed the rules and regulations and this will lead to the spread of COVID-1
Regarding Langpih, he said that there are about 260 households of foreigners from the Nepali community. The party does not oppose anyone but the opposition is that these areas belong to the Nepali community. During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, told the HANM leaders that the government will set up a police outpost. , regarding the border issues, this issue has to be discussed inside the Cabinet.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy today swore in Conrad K Sangma as MLA of 51-South Tura Constituency in the presence of members of the party. administration and as well as of the opposition.
The Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs Department, Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki gave a briefing on the New Shillong Township. and road construction department.
In Ri Bhoi District, the search was conducted from Byrnihat gate to the highway to Umiam, while in Khasi Hills, the search was conducted in all constituencies, the search was conducted in all the villages and roads in all the constituencies.
'“We will still have to monitor ourselves so that such incidents do not happen again within our community," he said.
The websites are easy to use and are designed according to modern technology to provide more convenience to the users.
The union demands that the government should take action by ensuring that all 97 households have been affected by the cyclone in Mawiong Jadap village in West Khasi Hills on 09 May. 2013 will receive immediate assistance.
He also expressed his gratitude to all the people who have trusted in the Modi Guarantee.
During this meeting we will be able to discuss and exchange views on many important issues from the use of electricity (light) and also other areas related to economic development through the perspective of the State Government.
Other sources said that a shopkeeper who worked as a sniuh seller in a shop saw the child's crying and the crying was different from theirs. The child also asked others who were nearby to look after the child and informed the police.
However, it is necessary for the state to take care of this disease.
At the opening ceremony of the first jain factory in the state, government officials who will attend the ceremony will be from the central government and Meghalaya.
The salary of the presiding officer is T.250 per day, the polling officers are T.175 per day and the polling officers class IV are T.100 per day. On the 22nd and 23rd of June, the food allowance will be T.100 tyngka per day.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that on the 2nd June 2024, they had the opportunity to inspect the garbage dump. Motphran where members of the HYC have found that people are using this place as their hideout to drink and traffic in drugs and to commit drug trafficking. other evil deeds in this place.
During one of these visits, the Chief Minister visited the Tissue Culture Lab at the Bio-Resources Development Center (BRDC) and the Kyrdemkhla Net House, which are important in the agriculture sector in the state. .
As agreed between the KSU, other civil society organizations and the government, there will be 41 entry and exit points for foreigners if they come to the state, of which 18 are in the state. of Khasi Hills and 23 in Garo Hills, the government should implement this year.
“This will help the farmers of the country and will benefit the farmers of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana,” he said.
Musharry was found dead in the middle of a bloodbath at 6.30 pm.
She said she has received MGNREGA, MHIS-PMJAY card and others.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) together with the Sengbhalang and Village Authorities have unanimously decided to submit a petition to the State Government to send to the Central Government. part to improve the 6schedule.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: At present, Meghalaya does not have a cool storage facility for the produce of farmers.
Therefore, it would be better if the people vote for the Congress because the political situation in Meghalaya will soon change.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Secretary of the Police Recruitment Department today lodged a complaint against the spread of fake recruitment invitations within the Police Department.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 769 and 20 recoveries today, 15 from West Garo Hills, 12 from the Army and 3 from the civilian population. 3 of them, 1 from the army and 2 from the civilians, have risen to
However, the Bill to amend Section 2 and Schedule 3 of the Citizenship Act, 1955 to the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 has excluded Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians. from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan are no longer deemed illegal immigrants under the provisions of the Passport (Entry into India) Act, 1920 and the Foreigners Act, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan who enter India will become citizens and will no longer be treated as illegal immigrants and will be exempt from punishment. in the rules of law.
He said that such an award is to encourage the youth to continue to improve in their studies.
The UDPF has called a 1500 hour curfew and this is the longest curfew so far. The KPLT has called a 300 hour curfew, 48 hours by the ABSU and 36 hours by the ABSU. ka AKRASU.This call for hundreds of hours of curfew will affect the delivery of food items in the North East of India as all trains coming to this area will not be able to run. through Kokrajhar district, which falls under the Bodo Land Territory.
The NPP PAC has accepted what has appeared in the media and the Congress government in Meghalaya will investigate the allegation that the KSU has links with the HNLC. At the same time, the NPP PAC said that it would be good for the information of the public to send an inquiry into the HNLC's claim that the The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has sought the support of the party for the upcoming MLA elections in
The Chief Minister said that the first soskular was signed after many meetings, 28 meetings and 18 meetings with the people in the border villages.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday hoisted the Lama of India on the occasion of the 72nd Independence Day at Madan Polo. the people of the state on this great day of the country.
“We would like to express our gratitude and congratulations to the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) and the 9-Shnong Association for their full support to the curfew. which will succeed," said the leaders of the five parties.
The meeting discussed many issues related to the media in the state, the problems faced by the media in relation to government advertisements and also issues related to the welfare of the people. miat of the journalists.
Thousands of teachers from all over the state have come to take part in this public meeting. The meeting was supported by the HYC. speak at this public meeting.
He alleged that the company has cut down trees, dug soil, quarried stones and quarried coal from the forest in Sutnga District.
It was at this time that 13 elders from Malwai came together to discuss the views of Bah Hopingstone.
This is what happened in the past years.
At Dibrugarh in Assam, the reconstruction of the runway has started and Rs 55.54 crore has been allocated for this purpose.
Meghalaya's players are Siwel Rymbai, Daraphun Talang, Lionel Daryl Rymmei, Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, Donborlang Nongkynrih, Banskhemlang Mawlong, Brolington Warlarpih, Over Kindness L. Mawnai, Dawan Pliender Luschiang. Baby Sunday Marngar, Kitboklang Pale, Nekilson Bina, Damonlang Pathaw, Dameki Khongstia, Dawanchaw Carlos Challam, Robert Khongjoh, Baiaikara Swer as midfielders, Sheen Stevenson Sohktung, Nelson Rymbai, Shaiborlang Kharpando and Chesterpaul as Lymbaul.
In a letter to the Committee, KHNAM President Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon said that the recommendation is that 80% should be given to all the three communities Khasi, Jainta and Garo on the basis of the Merit.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: Leaders of the KSU Ri Bhoi District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of the District to discuss the work of the students who have passed the DSC examination. year 2010.
According to SP News Agency, Dr Mukul Sangma has selected ministers in two categories, 60% young and 40% old. effective government.
This was stated by the General Secretary of the HYC Shella Unit.
“It is for this reason that Dr Mukul Sangma has special officers called 'Blue Eye Boy' who belong to him”.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Petroleum Dealers today came forward to support the police.
Police in the state have seized a rifle and powder to load inside the rifle. The arrest of these people was made after the people saw the movement of these people carrying guns.
R. Lalrodingi, Advisor, BIT gave a detailed explanation on the programme.
Her vision has protected the Khasi people because through her opposition to the mining of uranium, many people of the people have been encouraged and saved from the scourge of disease, death and death. the confiscation of land.
Before the public meeting, the Chief Minister visited the Rymbai Water Well and the Rymbai Government Secondary School which is the only government school in the district.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Forever Young Sport Club, once again this year, has organized its first Wine Festival in Shillong.
Shillong, July 10: Two persons were injured and one died after their scooty collided near a step by step school in Barik, Shillong.
However, these teachers did not listen to the orders of the District Administration and continued their protest at the same place until this night without moving to the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat.
The union demands that the government should reinstate the scheme to take premature retirement. If any employees want to take advantage of this scheme, they can take advantage of the premature retirement scheme. did not answer what they had already put before the chief minister.
Gearge B Lyngdoh, one of the members of the PAC, said that the problem of the farmers is that they do not get the seeds at the time of planting and when they get them at the right time, it affects the agriculture. Farmers face a real problem if they don't get the seeds at the right time.
There were two parts of the programme. In the afternoon, the flag raising ceremony was held by Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima. In the evening, the second part of the awards ceremony was attended by the Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh.
The HYC has also found that the number of refugees in Lumsurvey which has more than 80 households in the cantonment area behind the residence of Kharmotor has increased. there is electricity theft.
I4C has also posted several announcements through photos and videos on its social media platforms 'Cyberdost' on X, Facebook, Instagram and others.
The President said that better infrastructure is the foundation of any state.
It is to be recalled that according to this notification, the District Level Team leaders are from the office,
“Of course, we know that the Aadhaar registration has been contracted by the Central Government, but we urge the District Authorities that those who want to register Aadhaar in Jaintia Hills, should They should register their names only in collaboration with the District Authorities and Dorbar Shnongs so that there will be no problems in the future with our heritage”.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Officials of the PWD department today met with NEHU today. Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at his office to discuss the progress of the work on the Umsning Bypass.
Anyone who wants to work and trade in Mawshun can work because the cost of providing the equipment is low and the equipment is low unlike today.
The reason why the JSU has brought this issue is because the Council itself as the authority and the authority of the customs and traditions does not have the right to this department.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today announced that Meghalaya has received 7500 Rapid Test Kits.
Referring to the appointment of the Chief Managing Director by a junior officer to look after MeECL, Zenith said that this has made the government look bad.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Coordination and Welfare Committee of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) through its General Secretary has turned the death of two people in Ichamati into ethnic discrimination.
Police said that the demand for money was led by Cyfrank Paul Pariat, one of the former members of the HNLC.
Speaking on today's projects, the Prime Minister said that this will strengthen the connectivity with Itanagar.
The Executive Committee of the party has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issues related to the demands of the party. morning to take decisions and to announce strikes.
Minister Duh asked about the user experience and the need for training to adopt this technology.
On the other hand, the KSU and JSU have spoken about the rules laid down by the government and said that the rules laid down are not enough and they need to think carefully about the rules.
The Bangladeshi was identified as Saidul Islam, 35, of Utholigram village in Chouranga district.
He said that in 1976 when the Regional Rural Bank Act was passed in Parliament, it was passed for the purpose of providing services to the villagers. They are the fifth largest investor in India.
At present, the Hima Khasi States do not have their own legislature or council and do not have leaders in the District Councils or Assemblies on behalf of the Hima/Elaka. for the Seng and not for the Hima/Elaka.
After the announcement of the victory, the new Lamphang was accompanied by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and AITC Leader Charles Pyngrope.
“We urge the Government, especially the Chief Minister who holds the key to run the state,” he added.
All drivers or passengers should wear two masks or N95 masks, use hand sanitizers and open the doors.
The JalJeevan Mission has helped prevent waterborne diseases and the Indradhanushka Mission has helped prevent diseases through the availability of proper medicines.
Shillong, November 19: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya is now preparing to win many constituencies despite the defection of Bah AL Hek who has joined the party. the Congress.
Shillong, Lber 10: There are 24 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in West Khasi Hills, 4 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Garo Hills. 4, West Jaintia Hills 3, while other districts have tested positive.
How many Government authorities have come and their main goal is to bring about changes but when you look at it you can see the sylla and rhah power with the desire to rise without any a sufficient basis to even despise the people without any discrimination.
It is learned that the officers when they went to talk to them said that MeECL does not have the money which the union cannot accept. “If you don't know how to call this application,” said Bah Passah.
Introducing the resolution in the House, the CEM said that the issue was discussed in detail during the Zero Hours and it is on this basis that the EC has introduced the resolution to repeal the resolution. The MoU for the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah and the NOC for the mining of uranium have also been canceled.
They said they plan to release the film Destiny in June.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Department of Industries and Commerce, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Department of Commerce, Government of India and the Jute Product Development and Export Promotion Council (DGFT) has organized the Vanijya Utsav on the theme, presentation of India as an emerging economic power".
In this regard, the Chief Minister said that the military base of the Eastern Air Command is a protected area and this letter was written on the orders of the higher authorities of the Armed Forces. cause it was closed to the public to pass through.
He also urged the NCC members to be ready to help people when they find a collision and this will help save lives.
Training and Skill Development Programs will be in Hotel Operation, Basic Electrician (Class X above) and Masonry (Class V above). The training will be provided by IL&FS free of charge for those who will have to attend the Training Centers at Umsning and Umiam Khwan (Barapani).
To create an opportunity to discuss and inform the officers of banks not to use force to harass those who have borrowed vehicles or to rob commercial vehicles as the borrowers are facing this problem due to the On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Meghalaya, said that the Government is urgently preparing rules for the coal mining industry, which will recognize the ownership of coal. He acknowledged that the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 & 1976 and the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation Act 1957) violate the ownership rights. The State Government will take up the matter with the Government of India, as these Acts and Rules can be amended only in Parliament and only with the approval of the Government. India.
Sadly, no investigation has been conducted into the shooting death of four people from Mukroh village in Assam.
As we celebrate this, it is time for every citizen of the country to see how he can contribute to the building of the country so that our country will be at the top among other countries. country.
The Government is committed to bringing about development in the state.
The DC urged the parents to come forward to vaccinate their children with Niangpyrsit to ensure that their children will be protected from this disease. protect your children from any danger that could lead to death.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Union Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram today inaugurated the newly constructed Rev. Fr.D.J.Wollaston Building. St.Anthony's College.
The General was welcomed by Brig Sudhir Kumar Jha, YSM, Comdt, Assam Regimental Center on his arrival. Area.
Police said that it may have been that these children went to swim in the pond, although police are conducting an investigation to find out the truth.
On 21/3/2024, East Garo Hills Police have arrested a man named Predickson N.Sangma, 32 years old, while he was on his way. to meet with those who have lodged the complaint as they have received a letter demanding money from the Government Forest in Rongjeng.
Speaking at the meeting, Mominin said that the profession of teachers is honorable and respected by the society, the government should meet the needs of teachers.
The KSU on this promise of the MZP has congratulated the MZP leaders who are willing to help the Khasi people who have been displaced in Vairangte especially Ricky Colney Lalbiakmawia who is the Advisor of the MZP. Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Rapborlang Nongrum, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, President, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, President, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, General Secretary, KSU NEHU Unit. NEHU Unit and others.
Principal of the college, Bah Boldness L Nongum, said that there will be a special training for the students before the start of the special training through the counselors appointed by the college. especially so that students understand where they are taking the subjects in their studies.
The Safety Manager & Dy General Manager of the company was directed to correct the wrong names such as Kheleriat instead of Khliehriat , Sonapur instead of Sonapyrdi , 8th mile Phramer, Garampani in Saphai/Iooksi, and others.
The meeting was held at the Central Hall and the Prime Minister also listened to the views expressed by the three winners of the festival.
The Executive Engineer of the National Highway Bye-pass, Bah J.Tariang, has met with the Executive Engineer of the National Highway Bye-pass, Bah J.Tariang. The road passes through Shillong Airport at Umroi.
The Executive Engineer of the National Highway Bye-pass, Bah J.Tariang, has met with the Executive Engineer of the National Highway Bye-pass, Bah J.Tariang. The road passes through Shillong Airport at Umroi.
It is learned that stariot drugs have been sent to buy, some CHCs and PHCs should not have a doctor's prescription to buy drugs. to write down and to explain more about what can be used.
May God bless you in your future journey, said the statement from the SSSS. Garages on Tuesday had to cut off the nar on the footpath which was planned to be covered with tin to protect the pedestrians and vehicles while the new construction of the footpath the fortress is still moving forward.
The Minister said that he has spoken to the SCBS from time to time, but the SCBS has not listened. office to give you a day to remove this jar so that the water will not flow into the road.
The Deputy Commissioner, Chairman of the school, said that in this age, many schools need this training but many do not get this opportunity. this school to make the most of this opportunity they see.
On October 27, two people were allegedly shot dead by robbers in Ichamati.
Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) led by Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) Bidhan Bhattacharjee on Tuesday seized 164.99 grams of heroin from and three men were drug dealers.
The new MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Dorphang, has also expressed his happiness to congratulate all the supporters and those who have not supported him in this election, and promised that through this victory Mawhati will soon see changes in terms of development.
Officials of the Department of Agriculture, Bah G.Nongrang, District Horticulture Officer, Mawkyrwat and ATMA, Mawkyrwat were also present on the occasion. Director of Agricultural Department.
At the same time, Bah Shadap asked who wrote those Pnar characters, now if Bhoi, War and Maram demand their own characters, what will happen? “Let us use the Khasi alphabet first” because this demand will lead to confusion.
Bah PL Diengdoh, President Managing Committee in his speech, recalled that the school was established in 1994 by SCYO&C, which is a group of 16 Youth Churches of Presbyterian Churches from the city and Shillong near Mawrah in a place donated by Mawrah.
She said she is confident that the projects related to roads and railways laid the foundation stone and inaugurated today will open up opportunities in tourism along with the development of trade and transportation. in this region.
The DC also suggested to the members of the Seng to meet the Director of Tourism Department as it is the Nodal Office to look after the allocation of funds for the purchase of land for the construction of the Khyrdop.
Hopefully, Lohiya said that this meeting will help to promote mining and geology in the region.
The Chief Minister said that this will not affect the customs and traditions, the land tenure system in the villages according to the customs inherited from the past. The Village Council in Khasi Hills shall be for development purposes only.
Others who attended the meeting included the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary of Mylliem Kyndong Village, Minister M Kharlukhi, Bah Over Nongkhlaw, Adviser KNWO and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to urge him to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs. the recognition of Naimtre and Naim Tynrai as minority religions.
The Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya also approved the proposal to direct the department and officers in charge of the project to hold a meeting to discuss the works done and to be done. (review) in which officers of Government departments and Chief Executive Members of the project together with officers of Soil, Tourism and others will be present to ensure the smooth running of the project.
On the other hand, the Chairman said that the time has come for the bank to have this Core Banking because the government wants to send the government money to the beneficiaries through this bank.
Speaking at the meeting held at Madan Kurkalang in Ri Bhoi District, he said that this is through the Swachh Bharat Mission of the Central Government. bar is not the house.
In the second category, three candidates scored 552 points including Shourya Kumar Roy of Seven Set Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Nisha Kumar of St. Nanak Secondary School, Shillong and Amelari Kyrpang Puweiñ. Anderson Higher Secondary School, Nongstoiñ.
He said that the GNLA has its own constitution and everyone gets power from it and none of the party members, leaders or leaders should take power from themselves.
In the final of the women's category, Ri-Bhoi FC defeated East Khasi Hills FC by 1-0 The third place went to the team of Eastern West Khasi Hills District after beating the team of Eastern West Khasi Hills District 3-2 in a tie breaker. South West Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, the Lamphrang informed the House that it has received a letter from Bah Syiem that he has withdrawn from the contest. There is no opposition to the election of CEM in KHADC.
The Awsas Yojana (MY) is a scheme funded by the Central Government where 3% of the funds are allocated to the members of the government.
The relationship between India and Bhutan is one of mutual trust, thought for excellence, and mutual understanding in all areas and has been further strengthened through the people-to-people relationship of the two countries and a very strong economic and development partnership.
The parents have been protesting since Tuesday morning and have also sent a letter to the owners of the school in the presence of the Principal.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the council has sent a letter to the Social Welfare Department of the State Government to clarify that according to Section 10(I) of the KHAD (Khasi Social of Lineage) Act, , 1997 has banned any Khasi from giving birth to a child.
On the other hand, the MIYF said that if the government does not do anything in this regard, the MIYF will not hesitate to take action to curb the illegal smuggling of coal trucks.
The National Highway-6 also connects several states in the North East of India.
According to police sources, Bah Sumarto Snaitang, after coming from the escort service, took out a pistol from his hand and shot the policeman. Police have arrested Bah Snaitang and investigation is underway to find out the cause of the incident.
The meeting was attended by the Minister in charge of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui and the Chief Secretary, Rebecca Suchiang.
Dilip Muro of M/s Dalmia Barak Cement Ltd.
He said that the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill by the central government has shaken the entire state and has revived the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
“The Commission has sent a notice to the Director General of Police, Meghalaya to submit a detailed report within 15 days,” he said.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday honored the sportsmen who won medals in the Meghalaya Games 2024 and also the football team of Meghalaya who won medals. He won the gold medal at the 2024 Khelo India Youth Games.
Shillong, November 15: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Tourism, Shillong, today informed that the entry and exit point at Umlong, Ri Bhoi District, which was scheduled to open tomorrow morning, has been postponed to today. The first day of the month is 21/12/2
On the other hand, the four MLAs urged the Chief Minister that the state government should take action regarding this road. the federal government will delay.
The Governor said this in a letter sent to the KHADC while returning the VAB to the District Council.
After this, you will be followed by other activities.
He said that the people of the state are worried about the lack of law and order and corruption is the cause of the destruction of the state. after the election.
The standing of the shñiuh behind the ryndang accompanied by sadness may be a sign of 'leilieh and pyrthat.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarama will open the meeting as the chief guest.
We have tried to send a letter (to the Government) to convene a Special Session to consider and discuss the Reservation Policy but even that the Government has not done anything.
On the other hand, the West Jaintia Hills District Police have also held a meeting between the police and the CRPF who have arrived in the district to patrol the MP elections to be held on the 19th of this month. /June/2024 in the state of Meghalaya.
It is a proud moment for the State and the Country.
On the same day, the meeting also held a cleanliness drive in the morning before the meeting and the program was enriched by children's songs and a competition of information from the children, women, elderly and all the people who came to the meeting. this meeting.
The expansion of this CHC has expanded so far that half of the country and our villages fall under this CHC to look after and treat the people.
Samlin urged the party workers to work hard to strengthen the party in all districts, constituencies and villages as they have done now in strengthening the party.
Regarding the nomination of candidates, Dr. Ao said the party will work first and after that, it will sit down to discuss with the State Committee and to meet with the party leaders and discuss together. and the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to decide who will be given the ticket.
The BJP and its internal factions have played an important role in even some opponents doing their best to delay the decision on Ayodhya.
The festival will be held for two days on the 24th and 25th of this month at the SosoTham Auditorium starting at 10 pm. music from different groups.
Initially, the Commission expects the leaders of political parties, especially the leaders of political parties operating across the country, who are stars in voter campaigns, to lead on the right track when giving speeches.
They demonstrated skill, teamwork and determination.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, he said he will leave to support the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
The employees of the hospital demanded that they wanted to meet with Pastor NS Phawa who is in charge of the hospital but as he was not available, Pastor RR Kharkrang told the employees that Pastor Phawa They will not arrive today and will arrive only one day later. After the announcement, they will leave and say that they will arrive again on that day.
“We cannot declare a strike because we have felt sorry for the traffic of the people from small to heavy vehicles on NH
On receiving this information, the East Jaintia Hills District Police have informed all the areas and closed the entry and exit points in the district. Six persons suspected of involvement in the robbery have been arrested.
The vehicle carrying these people belonged to Bah Batyngshain Rynga.
The SP of East Garo Hills District, Abraham T Sangma MPS has been transferred and appointed as the SP of South Garo Hills District.
COMSO has requested permission to meet Union Minister Amit Shah to discuss the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
In a detailed discussion on this issue, the Chief Minister promised to take action on this issue.
This has clearly shown the position of the BJP by insulting and defaming the minority religions of India.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The 179th Anniversary of the death of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, was celebrated at Nongkhlaw Village at 12.30 pm.
He said that detailed information will be collected on the incident to find out the cause of the fire.
Shillong, November 02: The General Secretary of HANM, Bah Kyllang Thongni today said that the HANM has given 10 days to the Regional Committee of the Meghalaya government to suspend the construction of the road in Balakhawa village. you are the government of Assam.
The BSF seized these cows and the value of the cows reached T.32.7 lakh.
Despite the non-response, the FKS has written again to the Government of India in 2013-14 and the MHA has written again to the State Government but the non-response of the KHADC authorities has destroyed the country and the nation. However, what has come out of the KHADC authorities is the creation of two Committees and up to 3 Bills to appoint the Chief Executive Members.
Jowai, June 13: The KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit) has been suffering from the deterioration of the NH 44 in East Jaintia Hills District. , AJYWO Sengkmie, HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle and SRR-East Jaintia Hills with the strong support of the people of EJHD to call for a 24 hour curfew in East Jaintia Hills District which will start from 5 pm on 16th April and end at 5 pm on 17th April, 2014 to urge the government to repair all the damaged parts of the NH -44 words from Soomer to Malidor.
Sunday Morning Suna (Private Party) of Mukhla-Wahiajer, 2.
The purpose of the meeting was to strengthen the party and to prepare for the MDC and MP elections to the Lok Sabha next year.
The Assistant Secretary of the KSU, Seng Kmie Samla Reuben Najiar said that the competition will be broadcast on 9XM TV. In the incident, the members of the KSU were shocked.
Universal water supply will reduce water consumption by eliminating the need to fetch water every day.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: BSF troops in South Garo Hills have seized counterfeit money from a place in South Garo Hills.
The Executive Office of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, has informed that the month of July every year is celebrated as the month of fighting against Malaria before the arrival of Malaria. The aim is to bring about a change in the way we fight the disease.
However, in France, people don't use their own vehicles, they use commercial vehicles. These vehicles are still safe vehicles. From Motphran to Laitumkhrah, to the UK there are BMW buses, Mercedes buses, when there are such buses they are a little more comfortable, but the cleanliness and the time constraints and this makes people put They own their own vehicles and use these buses.
Police have seized seven mobile phones from the suspect from outside Meghalaya. Police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing. against the struggle of drug traffickers to enter Meghalaya.
On the part of the Organizing Secretary of FKJGP-SEBA Circle, Samla Omega Sumer, he gave a strong advice to the youth of this village to be respectful and through the FKJGP as members to become a member of the FKJGP Circle. for the benefit of the Lama Village and their work shall be the name of the Sengbhalang in their work for the benefit of the Lama Village, the region, the country and the nation as a whole.
The Women's Church of Nongum Presbytery has seen this problem and has decided to open a school inside the village after receiving this house with the kindness of the three. They brought their house to the Church.
Teachers and students from Ram Krishna Mission Higer Secondary School, Nabon Sawian Memorial Presbyterian Secondary School and Roban Sing Memorial Lower Primary School attended the program which was hosted by Dr Iadonlang Tyngsong.
The party also demanded the removal of three MPs from Meghalaya, Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala, Tura MP Agatha Sangma and Rajya Sabha MP Dr. Wanwei. Roy Kharlukhi to take action as elected leaders to speak in Parliament regarding the demand of the people of Meghalaya to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India, the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state and to address the problems of the people living on the border.
The Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) which has been fighting against the entry of drugs into various villages in the Mawlai district, has now managed to change the lives of 30 people. Young people who have been addicted to drugs in the past years have been training every day for more than six months at the training center of the North Eastern Security Academy (NESA) in front of the North Eastern Security Academy (NESA). VIP Road at Mawkynroh-Umshing Village, Shillong.
MUSO on Saturday at Bhoirymbong, Ri-Bhoi district, attended the listening session of the song competition. Many youths from Bhoirymbong, especially those from Bhoirymbong C & RD Block have taken part in the competition after being selected by the judges to be held in Shillong.
When the government has allowed the liquor shops to open, it has also set rules that they must observe the rules of social distancing when going to buy liquor and has warned that if there is a violation, it will be closed. enough for them.
It is to be recalled that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle have already made it clear in the past few months that they will not allow and will continue to oppose if necessary. FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle and KSU Upper Shillong Circle have decided to sell their land to the Armed Forces. stand firm on the same foundation.
R Rapthap IAS has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Khembhavi.
In this regard, the DC promised to take action to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the district.
Bah Nongtdu since joining the Congress party has been with the Congress party until his last days.
The party has also decided to direct the units to hold meetings to inform about the meeting scheduled to be held on the 8th.
Abhishek Bhakotia DC East Jaintia Hills was the chief guest at the Shad Sukra Festival.
The HYC does not oppose the proposal to build a market in Mawlai if the government or Hima Mylliem goes through the consultation of the Durbar Shnong or MTD and the most important thing is to ensure that foreigners should not enter or participate. in this market.
Shillong, July 2: The JSU Central Body through its President Jesrom Shylla and Assistant General Secretary Neilkee R Mukhim has asked questions to the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills and at the same time to the government ministers. Jaintia Hills has lost its share of 100 beds while Shillong and Tura have received their own share.
Because of the large number of ethnic groups in this country, it is a very difficult task before our leaders to draft a Constitution that will lead the country to unity, prosperity and prosperity. to issues of democracy.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone expressed his gratitude to NEEPCO for signing a soskular to improve these two power plants for the benefit of the state. all support to complete this work on time.
He said that if the government continues to listen to the demand as promised by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the employees of EMRI 108 will continue to strike immediately.
He said the government has received information that there are still those who have been abducted.
Speaking to reporters afterwards, the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, was an honor when Bah Latiplang Kharkongor was elected as the new CEM of KHADC. The Speaker of the House, Bah PN Syiem, said that this meeting was an honour.
“It is an honor for the Khasi people and the State as a whole to receive this great award,” said Samla Marbiang Khongwir President Delhi Unit.
In a letter written to the Secretary of MBOSE, the union said that there is a need to have a matric examination center in Barato village for the safety of the students of Barato. Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Meghalaya, today announced the 185th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Tirot Sing Syiem. They did not put up the statue of King Tirot Singh Syiem in Mairang.
At present, the people are suffering and facing problems because the government has imposed a curfew where the people cannot leave their homes because they are afraid of this disease.
Vellanakani, Nail 19: Lancy D Cunha, National President of the All India Catholic Union (AICU) and Dr John Dayal, Spokesperson, said with sadness and sorrow that the AICU will see the loss of Hundreds of lives have been lost in Kerala and parts of Karnataka.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday hoped that the MDA-II government will put the people of the state first before doing anything. task.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 707 recoveries today, mostly from West Khasi Hills 203, East Khasi Hills 195 from East Khasi Hills. The total number of deaths so far is
Jowai, July 04: The Dorbar Shnong Iooksi Iapkhla on Tuesday decided to nominate Samla Nehemiah Tyngkan for the MLA election 2018 from the 4th Mowkaiaw LA Constituency.
Regarding this incident, he said that there are two complaints, one from the family members of Bah Nongkynrih and one from the BSF personnel. The family members of the deceased said that the plaintiff and his brother-in-law were on their way to Umthli to carry the muid to the owner but when they reached near Mawshun, the deceased turned to the right to drop off the muid. that mud.
Shillong, July 10: At the first meeting of the Cabinet meeting held at Tura today, the FSLC has raised the issue of discussion from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. to introduce the amendment of the Meghalaya Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Rules
Out of 21,61,129 female voters, 10,92,396 female voters, 10,68,801 male voters, 81,443 voters for the first time. There are 7478 people with disabilities, 22,658 people over 80 years old and 290 people over 100 years old.
This was announced by Bah S Lyngdoh Sangriang, Sordar of Mawthabah.
We do not accept these reports and they only cause ethnic differences and the Police Department should be vigilant.
During this visit, a prayer was received from Ma.
“Bah Langstieh said that the party has found that some unidentified persons have written “HA U PRAH” in public information on social media and in the media. TV baptism, T7, and others.
The Sarva Siksha Abhiyan has given the government until 12th September this year to increase the salary of the students. “Other roads are more difficult,” said Bah Mylliemnngap.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills came top with two gold medals each while West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Garo Hills won two gold medals each. won one gold medal.
The meeting will prepare the way forward, said the Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
May the Lord God bless you all so that you will be free from sickness, disease, famine, death, famine, dangers, injuries, tyrut, smer, raibi and ba he will forgive and deliver you from corruption, slander, lying, slander, thanksgiving, lying and all sins, so that you may live in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace.
Speaking to reporters, he said what happened in Goa when 10 Congress MLAs joined the BJP, the same thing happened in Karnataka and Meghalaya as well.
The Central Government has opened many opportunities for the development of weavers.
On the recent threat by Sohra MLA Gavin M.Mylliem to the HNLC on the closure of the MCCL, Kharkrang said, “For me personally, I feel it is not right.
The total number of cases was
We all know that paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule defines the tribal areas and in all of Hynniewtrep except Normal Shillong there are three wards such as Kyndailad, Jail Road and European Ward and Cantonment Areas. tribal area.
From the photographs we can get information about these unknown heroes of the North East who made great contributions for independent India.
On this occasion, the farmers who lead their SHGs; They came from different villages and the crops brought on this day were cultivated in the traditional way without the use of chemical fertilizers or pesticides which can affect the health of the people.
The training was conducted by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, East Khasi Hills District. Bah L Blah MDC, DMHO, Dr JB Ranee, DMCH Officer, school children of the area were the chief guests.
The GHSMC team led by former Meghalaya Minister Augustine D Marak has decided to impose an indefinite curfew from tomorrow morning.
At the same time, he urged the Syiem to be fair in hearing the complaints from the children of the thousands when there is any misunderstanding.
The distribution of these donations to these poor families was held at the hall of the office and the meeting was conducted by Bah SB Kharbyngar. households who are at an economic disadvantage.
Mawsynram is about 50 km from Shillong.
The post of Deputy Chief Whip was held by Sanborn Shullai of the BJP party, but after the departure of Sanbor as Minister of State, the post has been appointed. to empty.
India has followed the world in 4G, has caught up with the world in 5G and now aims to lead the way in 6G. to T.10.1/GB (2023).
He said that the incident of being dismissed by the High Court has been a good thing, because the Waheh Shnongs have now surprised the people to find ways and means to get back in the stronger powers that exist. Laws and Regulations.
Shillong, June 22: The KSU Shillong Law College Unit led by Alerick Kharjana General Secretary and Baniarap Snaitang Vice President on Tuesday met with Prof. Henry Lamin, Pro Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University regarding the delay. The Pro Vice Chancellor was accompanied by Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew Asst. Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie, Forwardman Nongrem member. CEC Member of KSU Sengkmie and members of KSU NEHU Unit.
On the other hand, Bah Thomas, President Youth Wing of Khnam, said that the government is eager to complete the railway project which has been opposed by many.
Crystal meth is a very powerful drug worth up to Rs 1.15 crore per kilo in the illegal market.
The investigation into the West Bengal Police Chief will continue in Shillong as ordered by the Supreme Court of India.
He said the police department has also sent a Bomb Squad along with Ksew or K9 Unit to the Meghalaya High Court to investigate whether there is really a bomb inside the court.
This includes 14 districts in the North East covering all five states of the North East.
In this request to the Chief Minister through the District Administration to open the market in Iewduh only for the jhur market where the farmers usually bring their produce, although the government has opened the market in some districts. The problem is that those places don't have adequate godowns especially this is the rainy season.
He urged the Police to take action on this issue and urged other Sengbhalang, Seng Women, Village Authorities to work together to eradicate these crimes in South West Khasi Hills District. .
She said that if the government continues to listen like this, the salary will be less than the performance.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today announced that a person who tested positive for COVID-19 has tested positive again.
Regarding the land, nothing can be said as the Urban Development Department is currently inspecting the land and awaiting the report from the Shillong Municipal.
Mairang, March 31: As part of the celebration of Rastriya Ekta Diwas (National Unity Day), the office of the District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society, West Khasi Hills District, , Nongstoin this morning held a marathon known as the Run For Unity which started from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
The buses will start running on these roads from 6.30 pm.
The body of Ranjit Das was recovered by the SRT team at 11:00 pm on Tuesday and taken to Nongpoh Civil. Hospital for post-mortem.
He said that if this work is lost, it will be the death of a nation.
He said it is not yet clear what the KSU's position on the roster system is but the KSU has taken action for the good and benefit of the Khasi-Jaintia youth.
So I thought of Vallabhbhai,” said Gandhiji.
After 6 years of driving, Joycy wanted to turn her passion for driving into a source of income and she didn't think of trying to work in other fields.
They include Badonkupar Synnah and Bhalang Shadap, who won the first round on Tuesday and the second round on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the RBYF Central Body led by Bah JJ Lapang, President Umsning Circle and Bah PP Kylla, Publicity Secretary, said that the RBYF Central Body is deeply saddened by the incident. This incident, and the organization will soon donate about 15 tins to these refugees so that the organization will hand over to those families who have suffered from this disaster.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatraha was conducted across the country with the aim of delivering key Government schemes to all by ensuring that the benefits of these schemes reach all those who deserve them on time.
He said that the problems of the country can be resolved once the Government of India has fulfilled the commitments as mentioned and signed in the IOA & AA. to the Government of India to implement what it has already agreed on these islands and one of these conditions is that the Hima Khasi States shall have their own Council in which the villages shall be present. , Raid to Hima.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has suggested to clean up the rural roads under the MGNERGA scheme. He said that ways and means should be sought to improve the income generation of the villagers. As it is now, the MGNREGA scheme is one of the development projects. which have transformed the rural areas economically.
Speaking in the House, the CEM of KHADC, before accepting the request to send the bill to the Select Committee, said that the bill was passed by the House in On the same Bill, the House has passed it again in 2020 and the Governor has sent it back to the KHADC. The Bill is not something the EC wants to do urgently but it has been pending for 15 years.
The 23 trucks were seized from four places and a complaint has been registered against them at Lumshong Police Station under various provisions of the law.
Momin said that the party has been talking about this issue from time to time but the GHADC has delayed it by giving many kids.
The test is fast, easy, safe and can be used as a point-of-care test in containment zones as well as hospitals, according to the requirements specified by the ICMR for testing.
Police suspect that the money was sent to pay for drugs or gold.
The KSU leader said that the KSU will not refuse to do this because the government has not done anything to prepare to check the entry of people from Assam after the entry of people from Assam. Draft of NRC in Assam.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that Meghalaya has one of the most exciting venues in the world to conduct paragliding. Madam Rapleng, Nongjrong and Mawlyndep.
It is a beautiful lifestyle and encourages other young people to walk and reach the goal of achieving a good dream in life.
The Khasi Jaintia Development Council in Assam has demanded the establishment of a Khasi Jaintia Development Council in Assam for the development of the Khasi Pnars in the state especially those living in the areas of Assam. Assam Barracks.
The group urged the leaders of Kukiland, which is one of the members of the NFNS, to take all necessary measures to bring peace in Manipur which is currently in turmoil.
Likewise, the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in all the 19 paragraphs of its judgment is based on the above words, that is, not on the Excise Act, 1910, because the Excise Act , 1910 shall come into force or cease to come into force in the areas of UKJHADC on the basis of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 made under Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3) of the Sixth Schedule.
The Minister in charge of Revenue, Jamnes K Sangma, has introduced the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Bill, 2020. The bill has been introduced by PT Sawkmie. After receiving an explanation from the Minister, he withdrew and the House passed the Bill.
Meanwhile, the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state will be able to achieve this goal. Sohra Civil Sub Division to be upgraded to District status.
The four suspects were identified as Sakharia Thnongi of Mawpdiang village, Pynshailang Nonglang, Franklinwell Syiemlieh and Pholdenstar Nonglang of Nonglang village.
Of the 134 arrested, 123 are from Meghalaya, 11 are from outside the state, 5 are from Assam, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh. I've been arrested for a long time.
The purpose of the FIR is to find out those who caused this incident and to arrest them and punish them according to the law.
Three participants from Meghalaya, Khasi Hills led by Bah S Nongrem, Jaintia Hills led by Bah S Nongrem. HC Pakyntein and Garo Hills chief minister Meril Sangma.
: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Union (EJHDU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal against the dewbilat factories for not publishing advertisements in the market. There is no news in Meghalaya.
The process of reciprocity has likewise ensured that China does not take advantage of the attacks it has attempted through national security means.
Taking part in the discussion, the officers, doctors, ASHAs, Anganwadi workers, Rangbah Shnongs, expressed their satisfaction and congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, who has gathered the meeting. This meeting was held to understand the problems of the people regarding the health and operation of Smit PHC. Bah John F Kharshiing, congratulated all those who He said that the Doctors, ASHAs, Anganwadi Workers are the pillars of the Health Department and it is very important to have an understanding with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. He promised to take all these issues and suggestions before the Government authorities.
The Government of India honors the winners of the Nari Shakti Puraskar every year.
Shilong Lajong have played four games but the club has not yet won.
The Rotary Club Shillong Heritage has been doing many voluntary works in the community and has recently set up a Skill Development Center at Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School, Shillong.
The state government will help the farmers to sell their produce online and this is the way of thinking and the government will ensure that the farmers have a market to sell around the world and what the government is doing now is to Syrnot GI to sell the produce of the farmers, as Lakadong shynrai has now received and is now against Sohniamtra.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The two-day meeting of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) has started today in Delhi. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Government of Meghalaya.
To implement a one-time absorption policy for nurses employed on contractual basis.
On the other hand, the Congress party expects that the law will do what is necessary and on this there is a need for freedom of expression. Dr Mukul said that this will not happen.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Ernest Mawrie State President of the BJP today announced that he has been appointed as a member of the State Committee of the BJP. Mariahom Kharkrang has retired without looking after her job and after retirement she joined the BJP party and became one of the candidates for the ticket. MLA election 2023 from 17-Shillong North.
The President said that various projects of the Central and State Governments and the progress of the country will lay the foundation for India to become a technologically advanced country and a country with gather together all my people.
The Governor reminded that in India's G20 Presidency, the central theme is “One World, One Family and One Future”. This SAFF group is important because they speak for peace, truth, and respect for human dignity.
He said that when he visited the school as Chairman, some brave girls came forward to report the behavior of the teacher. The committee found that there has been a misconduct by the teacher against the children.
“We are determined to protect the needs of the Christian people, the Seng Khasi, the Sein Raij and all the people living in our state,” said Bah Sanbor.
Moreover , in another closely contested match, Meghalaya secured a 2-1 win against Tamil Nadu.
In another development, the Seng Khasi Kmie, would like to urge all the Circles or Branches of the Seng Khasi across the country, if possible, to suspend the to hold Shad Suk Mynsiem or Seng Kyrsiew, which should be held until 31st October
Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshkhen will contest from Shella Constituency and Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong MDC Umsning will contest from Umsning. He is from Nongpoh Constituency.
Besides, u Bah Paul also urged the residents to report to the police if they have any doubts or confrontation with anyone especially at night.
The National Front Government led by the Prime Minister of India, VP Singh, has accepted the report of former BP Mandal MP submitted to the Central Government in 1990 after 40 years. The Governor submitted a report to the Government in 1980, which was on the Central Government's intention to allocate 27% of the country's backward citizens.
RPF police searched but could not arrest due to the large number of people. When they opened the pla, they found an AK-47 rifle, a magazine and two self-made rifles. registered at Lumding Police Station.
The party invites all civil society organizations and the public to attend this day in order to eradicate crimes against women.
The training was conducted at Ampati in collaboration with the Tura Referees Board.
Samuel B Jyrwa, Secretary, Election Committee, in a statement today, said that the nomination papers will be distributed from 17th July to 23rd July, 2017 from 11 am. The nomination papers will be submitted from 20th July to 24th July, 2017 until 5 pm.
“We strongly urge the government authorities to arrest immediately and punish severely these killers and demand from the Fast Track Court not to grant them bail but to imprison them for a longer period of time. Samla Satly Ryngkhlem, President KSU Khliehriat Circle said in a meeting with the DC. strongly condemns such incidents and expresses its concern over the continuation of crime and the lack of peace and order in the District.
Amit Shah congratulated the NDRF personnel who returned after climbing 21,625 feet of Manirang Mountain.
The KHADC will also write to the UCIL to withdraw the EOI as it has announced in the media.
By empowering women with knowledge about sanitation systems and resources, MoHUA aims to enhance their capacity to ensure access to clean and safe water in their households .
At the conclusion of the meeting, Brig.
At the same time, the party appeals to all the office bearers of the party in the district branches not to misuse the name of the party for their own benefit.
This group wants this game to be played.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has demanded that the Government should not allow Ayush Kumar to study MBBS. from the State in the open category.
In the complaint, the two policemen, who lodged a complaint at Sohiong Police Station today, demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take action against the driver according to the law.
Larki Rymbai, Deputy CEM of JHADC, said that the JHADC has written to the government to provide T.30 crore. but the share that the JHADC should still receive from the government is from the revenue of mineral resources.
Jeebon Roy Award (2008); khusnam Khasi Jaintia Welfare Award (2009); khusnam International Gold Star Award (Bangkok 2010); khusnam Seng Samla Seng Kmie Honorary Award (2011); khusnam Lady of Hope (Cape Town South Africa) (2012); khusnam U Tirot Sing Award for Art and Literature (Meghalaya 2014); khusnam Youth Affair Award (2019); khusnam 4Northeast Unsung Heroes red carpet social award (2021) and khusnam SangeetNatak Academic Award (2021).
It is a serious problem for the country which needs to be looked into, he added.
During the visit, the Superintendent of Police (SP) has talked to the police personnel of the 6MLP battalion and during the meeting, they have discussed how to maintain the police station. The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) of West Jaintia Hills, during his visit to the BOP at Khanduli on the border with Assam, also took the initiative to inquire about the health of the policemen. and also gave a speech to maintain a clean environment.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Social Welfare Department has already received four names for the post of Chairperson of the MSCW. cabinet to take a decision.
Many of the elders, village officials, women and youth who came to celebrate the meeting were eager to bring about change and create a new path for the people of Umroi Constituency. educated leaders, who are from the villages under Umroi Constituency and who can truly carry the burden of the people.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Katherina Marbaniang said that the machine broke down on the evening of 2nd June 2024 and after the breakdown of the machine, the Engineers have been able to repair and since the 10th of June the hospital authorities have been able to operate as usual.
Brigadier Sudhir Kumar Jha, YSM, Commandant, Assam Regimental Centre.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The National President of the People's Democratic Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed former Regsongre MLA Limison Sangma and his supporters at the party office in Shillong.
Shillong, July 12: The Commander-in-Chief of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Sohan D Shira on Tuesday said that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) “The demand of T.5 crore by the leaders of the A'chik National Volunteer Council (ANVC) is for their own personal gain.
The Police Training School Shillong, Mawroh, has done this with the aim of helping those who need blood in times of emergency, said Bah Vivek Syiem, Principal of the school.
Willbert Ranee General Secretary of FKJGP said that it is time for the teachers after the examination of the students to take the answers of the students to the MLAs for correction. maki because they are wiser than the teachers he accused.
From Tura, the current MDCs are Bernard N Marak, Boston Marak, Riya Sangma, KC Boro, Winnerson D Sangma and Thomas Sangma.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The FKJGP War Jaintia today visited Amlarem Civil Sub Division with the Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui. The FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle under the leadership of Bah Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary and Bah Shlur Mukhim, President of the FKJGP, has signed a petition demanding that the Padu State Dispensary be upgraded to PHC. They met with a group of government officials led by local MLA Ma Lahkmen Rymbui to convey the demand of the union since 2012 to upgrade the Padu State Dispensary to a Primary Health Centre.
Increasing access to electricity, promoting electricity generation from renewable sources and implementing specific policies.
The members of the union also banned the forced regulation of any foreigners working on contract basis at NEIAH. state, the party will take strict action.
On this occasion, Summersalt has left for Mumbai to complete the production of the album.
There are also those who say that 80% of the Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya and even the General MLA seats in Khasi Hills are Khasi.
These rules are still in force within the East Khasi Hills District.
The share of payments through BHIM in total UPI payments was 48% in July,
Due to the lack of compliance with the wearing of masks, lack of social distancing and lack of hygiene, all these have violated the rules from Motphran to Bimola point and from Motphran to Standjeep and at the MUDA parking lot at Garikhana.
Shillong, July 22: Students of Kiangnangbah Government College (KNGC) today marched to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. without being able to enter the classroom.
