The Prime Minister requested the Chief Ministers of the States to complete the work of opening these oxygen plants as soon as possible.
The NEC had allocated T.43 crore for the construction of the bus stand in 2013 and set a target to complete the work by 2015 but so far it has not been completed. The work has not been completed even after two years have passed since the scheduled time.
“On the same day, in the meeting between the AJYWO and the DC, to follow up on the demands of the AJYWO from GR Infra Ltd, the company which is currently constructing the NH-4 The recent demand of the union to immediately correct the spelling and writing of residents and land along the signboards and pillars of the NH-44, which has misled the people The union has lodged a complaint against the company and demanded that the DC should please The company has been ordered to immediately delete and correct all the misspellings on these signboards and pillars.
The honor goes to the MLA of Mawsynram, who brought up the issue in the House to demand that the government should recognize these forest products as marrep in the Budget Session this year. The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has promised that the government will do whatever is necessary.
The ceremony was attended by Barnabas Nangbah, a descendant of Kiang Nangbah.
The KSU also demands that the Health Department should immediately resolve this issue so that the CHC can provide adequate health care to the people of the area.
“We have burnt the Rule of CAA to remind the Government of India that we do not accept the Iakjakor Act introduced by the Government of India.
He said that the state government has been unfair to the state newspapers, where only the government advertisement price has been increased after 17 years and that too after MEPA , refused to participate in the Day of All Journalists, which was held last year.
Besides the state government officials, there will also be officials from NBCC, BMC and officials from the state agriculture department.
Besides, 13 teachers who received the State Award, 36 teachers who received the District Award and the Special Award for the year 2023 were also honoured.
That Sirdeng.
Renikton said that the people should not be misled that this road which is about 100 km from Mawphlang is not the National Highway as they have thought.
This was done to prevent any protest that could lead to instability and losses, this was done to ensure the smooth running of the MP Election
If there is a large house, which may be used for garbage purposes, it will be called the growth of the park or the ei. etc.
Diamonlang Mawblei (E,M,Ph,Ch,Bio,K) 427 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Ishika Deb Nath (E,Bio,Ph,Ch,M) 426 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong , Treiborbah Khongmalai (E,K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 426 of St.Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Kamphereiei Pala (E,K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 426 of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdoop-Jowai, Altrey Sansara Swer (E,K,Ph,Ch,Bio) 422 of St.Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Buiriti Pohsnem (E,K,Ph,Bio,M,Ch) 421 of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
It is therefore expected that this project will demonstrate ways and means to develop fertilizers derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio -pesticides) according to modern technology can benefit farmers.
Our Meghalaya needs jobs for the youth through government or private jobs but those that are financially supported by the government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor, Minister of Agriculture, Meghalaya, said that the government is striving to introduce many schemes for the improvement of income. The books of the people to the rural areas and the agriculture sector is one of them.
The union also expresses its opposition to the lack of clarity in the advertisement whether the reservation policy of the state will work or not in this recruitment. the State to be appointed to this Department.
Speaking to reporters, he said that it is true that there has been an increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the state, but the public should not be afraid because of those who have tested positive for COVID-1 Positive ones are in places where there is no conflict with the public.
In his speech, Martin M Danggo congratulated the Ministry of Agriculture for conducting such meetings to train the farmers who are the poorest in the society. this state.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: A storm on Saturday morning in Mawsynram area has uprooted electrical poles in Mawsynram village in Mawksing.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has received a complaint from some residents of Rymbai village that there is no science teacher at Rymbai Government Secondary School for 10 years.
Bah Rijoy Sing Basaiamoit, father of Dajied, said, “After the kidnapping of my son, I received a phone call from the kidnappers who demanded Rs 1 crore. 50 lakh and when I expressed my inability to pay, they increased it to 10 lakh tyngka which I agreed to pay.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Khasi Jaintia Raw Materials Suppliers Association (KJRMSA) has re-elected Bah A Shanpru as its president at its general meeting.
"But we traveled safely, there was absolutely no incident while we were on the road," she added.
The second meeting of the Expert Committee was held in Shillong today and was attended by officers from the Personnel Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
The owner of Saw Aiom Restaurant, Bah Shanbor Sohtun, on Tuesday came forward to explain the incident of Khar Metor inside the restaurant on Saturday night.
Police are investigating the incident.
We will hold 22 sports and I don't think there will be too many because we want to give the youth a chance, that's why we spend.
Bah RV Lyngdoh, said that they don't understand what they said in the House yesterday, especially the reply of the EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and even the media. and he went out of the council.
Police of East Jaintia Hills on 1/1/2024 conducted a search operation and seized a Swift number ML0 -Q- 1702 and in the search, heroin was found.
The event was attended by Samla Barikula Nongsiej Chairman Environment & Cultural Cell of KSU Sengkmie along with the members of the Cell.
On the other hand, TUR urges the government to improve this recruitment system as it will not affect the students who have passed their examinations.
On the other hand, the President of KHNAM also asked why so many foreigners have been settled in these areas, who allowed them, where do they get their documents and who benefits them? KHNAM demands that the government should immediately start searching the documents of those who come to work to check the documents. of all bar states.
I ask you all to pray for us as we prepare for the official opening of these new parishes," the statement concluded.
The celebration started on Saturday and ended today amidst the festivities despite the disruption on the first day due to the snowfall.
This is against the customs and traditions of the Khasi people as a minority.
He said that for his part, he is very concerned that other STs may be able to buy land in the state.
The new bill stipulates that there should be special allocation of land for them in higher education institutions, in government jobs, allocation of land for them and schemes to eradicate poverty, for those from 6 to 18 years of age education for them should be free.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of Umsning said that this money has divided the political parties within the KHADC. He said that the remaining T.16 crore is the party fund of the PDF. He said that the remaining T.16 crore is the party fund of the PDF. The Syiem stood up and said that the use of the Tynmen Basan language should not be included in the discussion in the House and the CEM demanded through the Chairman that the MDC of Umsning should ask for a map inside the dorbar hall.
The meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states has been held 20 times from 1971 to
Shillong, Lber 26: Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong, Lber 26: The allocation from the Central Government is T.34.87 crore.
The health check-ups available, including TB screening and anemia screening through the Yatra, are encouraging and helpful.
He said that the Government's allocation of funds to the Education Department is high.
In his speech as a candidate, Bah PN Syiem said that we should not be happy only that we have received the amendment to the Sixth Schedule but we should read carefully the impact on the customs and traditions of the people. From the time of the British until the independence of India, they have maintained their ownership of the land.
To speed up the investigation, a new building for the forensic laboratory is nearing completion and experts have been sent for further training in DNA technology. The government has sent a new laboratory, it has been handed over to NEHU to investigate why these acts against women happen and soon the number 181 under the Social Welfare will be operational soon where people they can complain if there is any discrimination against women.
Shillong, Lber 09: Answering a question by Process T Sawkmie on the government's assistance to farmers in the state, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has allocated T.50 crore for farmers in the state. last year and now T.200 crore will be T.250 crore.
On the other hand, the union will temporarily suspend its strike and wait for a reply from the Chief Minister. They demanded that the government should implement the ILP and NRC in the state to protect the minorities of Meghalaya.
The expenditure on Roads & Bridges has reached Rs.2,67,013.00 crore, followed by the Road Transport sector of Rs.3,135.00 crore. Rs.2,70,148.00 crore.
The leadership of Captain Colinsalmon Lyngdoh played a pivotal role in the team’s success throughout the tournament.
The meeting was convened to review the preparations for the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency. to ensure peace and order during the elections especially on the polling day.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) in North Garo Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that a court has remanded Diganta Koch, who was accused of stealing drugs, to the market. shini should not be given to the public.
The decision to contest the MLA from this constituency was taken after discussions and meetings with the party officials.
He announced the Gagan-Yaan, a space mission prepared by scientists, which will be launched by India in 2022, using its own power.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The campaign for the MP elections to be held on the 11th of this month has nine days left as the campaign will end on the 9th of this month, one day before the polling day. vote.
The Speaker of the House said that at present it is not possible to say how much the collapse of the Dome will affect the entire House. One of these may be a mistake on the part of the designers and one may be a shortcoming on the part of the contractor in relation to the work of the House.
At this meeting, Bah Ardent said that he lost the last MLA election because of Dr Mukul's friend's working together, the allegation that he supported the Congress in the last MDC election. It is not true that he supported the Congress candidates because he elected the people and not because he supported the Congress.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Eric Nongkynrih EM CEC and other members of the party.
Chhattisgarh, Haryana and Jharkhand will have two seats each and Manipur will have one seat each.
The establishment of the Joint Defense Committee between the two countries, which was signed in 2006, is another way to further strengthen relations between the two countries.
The bodies of these four will be buried on Tuesday at the Presbyterian Church, Pynthorlangteiñ.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15: The Ministry of Consumer Affairs today held a discussion on the protection of consumers from misleading online reviews.
On the other hand, the Secretary Shnong also extended his special congratulations to the party as a whole for continuing to grow and move forward in its service to the people and to continue to achieve its goals in the future. serve the country and the nation as a whole.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation said that within six months, 4470 PACS applications have been received from 34 states and union territories, of which 2373 have been approved.
The march started from Polo Ground, Raj Bhavan, St. Anthony's College, Shillong PGT and ended at Polo Ground.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The JSU Labang Nongphyllut has organized a two-day traditional costume festival at Lamarang Block-1, in which many residents of the village have come to take part.
The number of samples taken so far is 95457, 91989 negative, 734 pending results and 33333 returnees.
“I have seen their statement that if we cannot, we should hand over this issue to the VPP. What will they do if they don't know anything about A and B or they don't know anything, but they “The people understand that and I urge these leaders (of the VPP) not to misunderstand and not to misunderstand,” he said. it should also mislead the public.
He said that the farmers are the backbone of the country because they are the ones who supply food items to the country. He said that the farmers and the markets fall under the jurisdiction of the state governments and everyone knows that how is India?
Two of the Subedars who did not attend the ceremony were Ganeder Tamuli and Ngurthasung.
Shillong Lajong Akademi came second while Mohammedan FC came first with three points. Shillong Lajong Academy came second with three points. you're in the semi-finals.
The UN Rapporteur was in India from the 22nd of this month to the 1st of June.
This was announced in a statement sent by the President, Laiphar Syngkrem and the General Secretary, Leningrad Tariang.
A total of 93823 people have tested positive for COVID-19 since the beginning so far, 92227 people have recovered and 1593 people have died.
Shillong, November 05: The Shillong City Youth Wing today organized the 1Knockout Tournaments 2023 as part of the anti-drug campaign.
At such a time, instead of using people to trade and arrest the Rangli, the public servants like MLA or MDC should have lent a hand and helped the poor Rangli.
The Prime Minister said that the work of the police is not easy, because we have to ensure peace and order and at the same time development works must move forward.
Under the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T 150 crore to Meghalaya to strengthen Sub Centers and Health and Wellness Centres.
Speaking on the occasion, Pynskhem Lyngdoh General Secretary, Arnol Thabah and Wanlang Thabah, MCEU office bearers, said that the demand of the MCEU is that the government should pay what it deserves. them while it was not able to operate the oil mill.
On the other hand, the Governor said that he will oppose to do anything regarding the problems in the field of roads. on the other hand, the District of South West Khasi Hills.
Due to the increasing smuggling on the border with Bangladesh, the BSF has tightened its security on the border with the country in collaboration with the BGB to curb these activities. trade on the border.
The credit for this goes to the KHADC, the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum, which includes Alan West Kharkongor, Prof. Desmond Kharmawphlang, Neil Antonio War, Kyntiewbor War, DM Lyngwa and Banlumlang Blah. , Bah Peter Mawlongwho, who took the responsibility to make this celebration a success.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Our ancestors used to tell us about the 'Jukshong kulai miaw', the 'Juk shong kulai miaw', the 'Juk turn Khongpong' and many others.
When these same people were brought to the Nongpoh Police station, they said that under the leadership of the KSU leaders, they had resisted and not only threatened the government officials who were in the process of carrying out their duties.
In this regard, the situation in which we are experiencing a life of fear and doubt, we would like to ask, how was the rally allowed to be held in Ichamati? The CWC has asked, “Where are the police when members of the KSU come in vehicles to Ichamati and attack foreigners? the riots and the killing of a Bengali and an Adivashi who were stonecutters.
Allegedly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh has misused his power as Minister of State, Phidalia Toi said, “Look at what the Minister has done, I think it is a misuse of power and I take it. this is like a contrast, a sideshow and I'll see what I'm going to do after this.
KHADC has already paid T.24.70 lakh to MeECL to install the transformer. KHADC has already paid T.24.70 lakh to MeECL. you have to install the transformer.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Shillong today met to discuss the activities of the Youth Wing of the party in Shillong.
The NITI Forum for the North East aims to identify various development challenges in the North East and to recommend measures to address the challenges. lapped.
Government is implementing GST to eliminate many taxes and facilitate trade- but it is up to each and every one of us to make this an integral part of our daily activities and trade .
This was done to prevent the exploitation of the villagers who wanted to promote the unity of the village.
He said that when it rains heavily and the river is flooded, the people can walk from one side to the other, even the school children who have to pass through the river have to drop out of school because there is no road.
In Meghalaya, the Raj Bhavan Shillong held a live broadcast of the programme.
After this, the Wasan enter each household to perform the ritual 'Shoh Thyndai' by shooting and sympathizing with each household with the Deinkhlam to drive away the evil spirits, diseases and diseases. and all the evil from the house.
Many people from the Ministry of Defense were present to witness the ceremony.
On the part of the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah FM Dopth, he congratulated the members of the MSHA who have taken the initiative to revive and promote the sport in the state.
May God the Creator bless us all, and may the New Year bring peace, health and prosperity. The nation will also grow stronger and stronger in all aspects.
He said that the Integrated Village Cooperatives, Farmer Producer Organizations and Women Collectives have been encouraged and developed by the government to create opportunities to improve income in the rural areas. Ours have been good and sufficient throughout the North East," he said.
Dr WR Kharlukhi said that it is necessary to use the right strategies and methods, even if it is in synrop with the households of the CM in order to achieve the goal.
Mawngap outpost police have received a complaint from the family members that their three month old daughter has gone missing from the house with a woman named Saralinda Kharphuli, who lived nearby, was also killed.
Lazarus Sangma said the committee has given nine days to pay the fee.
Dr Jitendra Singh urged the youth to accept the North East Industrial Promotion Policy of the Central Government along with the financial assistance of the Government.
The Government of Meghalaya on 16th November 2019 has announced that the consultation on the amendment of the IFA 1927 has progressed,” said the MPHRC. The draft amendment to the Indian Forest Act (IFA), 1927 because the introduction and proposed amendment of this Act relating to forests will pose a serious threat not only to the ethnic groups or people who have settled in the forests since ancient times but for the development of the country and this will have a serious impact not only on the environment but will also be a violation of Human Rights. People are paid Trai-Ri, Trai-Muluk all over the country.
Tynsong said that until now there has been no discussion with the parties involved. He said that when the time comes they will sit down and take a decision but until now they have not. There is no discussion to say, give or take.
“More than 3 crore houses have been constructed under the PM Awas Yojana,” he said.
The award is a great honor for India.
“It is the wish of this Government to promise to the residents that we will not interfere with any working groups and their activities and we also promise to the people of Meghalaya that any mistakes we will make. “We as the Government have taken forward the work in accordance with the law and in accordance with the approval of the provisions of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2014,” she added.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Samla Treibor R Suchen, said that the party from time to time is with the paradoh parasnam who live in Block 1 especially in the old Elaka. Labang Nangphyllut was forcibly transferred to the Mikir Hills by order of the Governor of Assam in
When it comes to food and beverages, it is necessary that we produce more food items from our own state without having to rely too much on foreign countries to import or supply food and beverages for us and others. everyday necessities.
In his speech, the Chairman, NCST, informed the Chief Executive Members that he has directed the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to look into this matter but the NCST has decided to direct the Ministry of Home Affairs. , to look into and resolve this issue because until today it appears that the issues related to the IOA & AA are the ones that the Home Affairs Department should complete and resolve, so at the request of the Heads Nongsynshar said the NCST Commission will send a letter to take action to complete these tasks related to the Hima Khasi States as soon as possible.
Stating that Azadi Ka Amrit Kaal is just beginning, Modi said this is a very important time for those who will join the government as they have the opportunity to contribute to making India developed country in the next 25 years.
The home polling for West Garo Hills has been scheduled for the 8th and 9th of this month.
The SAM shooters won 10 medals (2 Gold/ 6 Silver/ 2 Bronze), the Gold medal winners were Ms Shirley M. Kharbuli – 25 Meter Sports Pistol (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain in the 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle Prone – OPEN CATEGORY (Men) won the Silver medal while Rohit Thapa won the 10 Meter Pistol (Men-0 Junior) Pistol (Men – Senior), Ms Anjali Singh won 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle- Prone Position (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain won 10 Meter Rifle (Men – Junior). 25 Meter Sports Pistol- MQS (Women)  and the 25 Meter Sports Pistol- ISSF (Women) category.
Shillong, March 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today directed the District Administration to take stock of the damage caused by the fire that broke out at Police Bazar Thana Road Shillong. to help the victims of this tragedy.
We are happy and wish her a healthy body and God's blessings on her journey.
The MFA is pleased to see that many people have come to register after the announcement of the Meghalaya Baby League.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul stressed that the government wants to do something for the roads, especially in South West Khasi Hills District to improve the income of the people.
Bangladesh was represented by Brigadier General Abu Sayeed Khan.
After the arrest, they raided the school building of Mawliehpoh LP School.
Such checks and searches of vehicles passing through not only on the border with Bangladesh but also in urban areas like Shillong.
He said that some of the recommendations of the Committee regarding Article 280 regarding the allocation of funds and to abolish the two posts and the current District Council. They were transferred to the Khasi Hills Territorial Council.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: A 17-year-old boy from Lakadng village of East Jaintia Hills District has surrendered himself before the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday. moon.
At the same time, the BJYM congratulates Prakash Javadekar for allocating T.135 crore out of T.132 crore to Meghalaya to pay the salaries of SSA teachers in the state and also to the Minister. Nitin Gadkeri who has allocated T.1.5 lakh crore for the construction of roads in the North East and T.8000 crore for Meghalaya, said Egenstar Kurkalang.
The Fisheries Department of the State Government has also awarded a special prize to the youngest participant.
Aiban also informed that Bah Tamdor Risaw has been appointed as the temporary Secretary of the Hima for the smooth running of the affairs of the Hima. on the 7th of this month and all the Rangbah Shnongs are urged to attend so that they can be introduced.
The deceased were identified as Gopal Barma of Govindapul Nulbari district, Balram Chaudhuri of Itanagar and Bilhar Uddin Barbhunia of Cachar.
At a public meeting in Wahiajer, Bah H Syiemlieh, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, said that the people of Goa, one of the states in India with the largest number of Christians, have given their support to the party. BJP because they see that it is only the BJP that really works for the people.
The list includes 5 Padma Vibhushans, 17 Padma Bhushans and 110 Padma Shri awards. 30 of the winners are mothers and the list also includes 8 people from the list of people. Foreigners, NRIs, PIOs, OCIs and 9 deceased persons have received this award.
With the support of the people, the Prime Minister hopes that she will reach the goal of victory even in the midst of many challenges that she has faced. destination.
In his speech, the Minister said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is a campaign across the country to provide information for the full implementation of schemes of the Government of India in all rural areas and that bag sor.
When the bus arrived, police arrested the suspect and searched his body and seized 235.77 grams of heroin from his bags.
Regarding the Entry and Exit points which Mukul Sangma has covered well, we would like to say that the foreigners who intend to enter the state do not need the government to tell them where to enter and where to leave. They knew where to enter, where to work, where to trade, and when they had stayed for a long time, they didn't want to leave.
He said that these courses should be recognized and include MBA offered by IIM Shillong, Master in Public Policies offered by OP Jindal Global University. and Data Science and AI which are online courses.
This is for the Lok Sabha MP election for the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and these numbers will be for Ri Bhoi District only.
After the decision of the court in the past few months.
Specially allocated buses and transport facilities in the area to participate in the two-day program at Kartavya Path/Vijay Chowk on 30th and 31st March.
The nearest bank for them is the State Bank of India in Ranikor, but this bank is often in trouble because it cannot operate according to the expectations of the people in terms of and the payment of the taxes, when the people had no money.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The KSU Jowai Circle under the leadership of Samla Morningstar Pasi and General Secretary Samla Phrakhowni Thubru have written to the Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District RS Mannar to seek clarification on the issue. The District has made progress in the implementation of the Entry & Exit Points and the District Task Force.
NESO leaders have left for Delhi to complain against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule, 2024 and requested the Court to immediately suspend the Rule. the Government of India.
Shillong, March 31: In response to a petition from the Federation of Khasi States, which requested permission to be a witness before the Committee on the Constitution (One Hundred and Twenty Fifth Amendment) Bill at 11.30am on 30th October inside Room No 62, First Floor, Parliament HouseNew Delhi.
In her speech, Nirmala Sitharamanka said that the nature of public resources management has changed over time and after the 2021 budget.
The CHC has two posts of Medical Officer, one is for the CHC Medical Officer, who is responsible for the treatment of patients from polio vaccination and check-ups to children in the area.
Pyniaid also informed that the EC has approved the First Amendment to KHAD
Today, there are seven districts which have not tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and West Garo Hills.
Increased surveillance against favors such as drugs and other illegal substances has led to numerous seizures.
It is also necessary to clarify the rights of the children within the boundaries of the Constitution of India especially on the Municipality of Shillong and the Cantonment within the boundaries of the Sixth Schedule. The Municipal and Cantonment areas have been established in relation to the social, commercial and implementation of the Acts of the Hima Mylliem within these three types of areas within the city of the Hima Mylliem.
India's journey towards a cleaner future has been recognized worldwide.
However, by the grace of God, he was not injured.
The union has put forward four demands from the government. On these demands, they have met twice with the Chief Minister in the last three years and also with the current head of the social welfare department.
Referring to the Meghalaya government, he said that the party has met twice with the Minister of Home Affairs but so far there has been no sign that the government will provide such security measures to the people. .
“We request the public that if anyone has any information about those involved in the incident, please inform the police or the union immediately so that the suspects can be arrested.
From JHADC, the candidates announced today are J. Marbood Kyndiah from Ummulong, Lakhon Paulus Syngoh from Shillong, Hederson Symbai from Nartiang and Bress Dkhar from Khliehriat.
This initiative is to improve the quality of education and provide quality education opportunities to students throughout the state.
The President of the Sohra Labor Union, Bah Hilchestone L Marshillong, said that the meeting has decided to visit the places where foreigners are allowed to work together with the members of the KSU. Khasi have now been able to do many jobs that other people from outside the state can do.
“The peace talks will continue and if anyone is involved in illegal activities we will have to punish them according to the law.
The Chief Minister said that under the leadership of the NPP party in the MDA government, many schemes have been implemented in South Garo Hills District. the foundation stone has been able to complete this work.
Shillong, March 13: There are 13 candidates for the mid-term MLA elections from three Assembly Constituencies in Meghalaya, 5 from 13-Mawryngkneng (ST) AC and 3 from 13-Mawryngkneng (ST). of 24-Mawphlang (ST) AC and 5 of Rajabala Assembly constituency.
There will also be a special section on the relationship between documentary filmmaking and companies.
This was announced by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Wildlife Department of the Government today.
On the other hand, Bah Majaw said that the destruction of the environment by the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District is terrible, so they have to pay a huge fine to compensate for the past. Forest Conservation Act 1980 is not included in the provisions of the Forest Conservation Act.
Why should we have only one MP in the Lok Sabha, why shouldn't we have two MPs in the Lok Sabha,” he said.
Police also found the motorcycle used by the two teachers lying on the side of the road.
Of these, the Home Guards & Civil Defense Medal for Gallantry is to be awarded to one person who has shown courage.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Commander of the Royal Brunei Armed Forces (RBAF) Haji Mahmud today visited a training school on how to fight against insurgents. in the forest.
Taking into account the number of youth in the Legislative Assembly from the party is the UDP, as youth they should work hard and as youth they can attract more youth to the party and as youth they can do a lot of work for the state because the UDP can also do a lot of work for the state.
New Delhi, Nailar 2: The Rajya Sabha has approved the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Bill, 2023 to amend the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 (read here as 'the Act') today.
She said that she has been involved in the tree planting activities and has also visited the elderly people who live in the elderly homes in the city. parents are left in old age".
According to this order, all government departments should pay salaries on 21/12/2023 on Friday and this has been approved by the higher authorities and this should be informed to all relevant persons. to do what is right.
In another incident, BSF seized nine grams of heroin worth more than T.35,000 from South West Garo Hills.
The merger of these three Nationalist Banks will bring benefits to the people of India as a whole and especially to the North East of India as they will open more in the future. to the branches of work in this area.
The Chief Minister said that with the availability of this App he has been able to monitor the implementation of government schemes in a more detailed manner from the office of the Chief Minister and this has helped especially The Chief Minister said that before the government gives a negative mark, it has called those contractors and asked them to complete the works. They have less than 10 years to start working but when they don't show that desire to work, the government gives them a bad mark because they stop working.
When the tide blows, stay inside safe shelters.
Shillong, June 09: Leaders of the North East Students Organization (NESO) today left for Delhi for the hearing of a petition filed in the Supreme Court against the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act. , 2029.
Furthermore, on the part of Bah Pynshngaiñ.
This program launched by the Modi Government has brought about a transformation in India's agriculture sector.
The Seng urges the Government to move forward immediately without delay so that the entry and exit of mynder into the state will not be too slow.
Those parties are APHLC, HPU, PDIC, MPPP, MNCP and PDA, but the name of KHNAM has also appeared as a lost party. It has not disappeared but it still exists and is preparing for the election to the District Council.
He said that so far, three PILs against the CAA, 2019 have been filed in the Supreme Court and they will file them on the first day.
The area is under the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya which falls under the raid Nongtung of the Khyriem Syiemship Hima. “I have informed the Deputy Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District and I have been told that there has been a discussion between the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District and the Superintendent of Police of Hamren. “They were appointed only for this purpose on the Independence Day of India and they were not removed on the 16th but have not been removed until today,” said Charles.
The union also urges the Government to resolve this issue as soon as possible because if the ASHAs continue their strike, it will affect the people of the State.
The Chief Minister said that the meeting was convened today to discuss the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. At the same time, the use of the language among the youth is being promoted.
Bah E Kharmalki has been appointed as the DC of East Jaintia Hills District.
The Raj Bhavan office expresses its gratitude to the Government for taking all the necessary measures to provide assistance to the suffering and to provide tika to the workers.
When he joined the NPP, how can the party use him for the party if the party says he will contest the MLA election he is ready and if the party appoints him. One candidate is also ready to work with the party to bring victory.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has invited the students to come and take part in the Yago which will be held in Nongstoin but the College has held it inside the college.
There is a law known as the International Trade of Endangered Spices. He gave examples of endangered trees such as Agar, Red Sandal. , Sandal Wood to manage these products requires knowledge of the laws and Gour is a person who has been appointed by the Government of India in this position and now he has retired. you're yours.
The Seng reminds that if the Ministry of Environment and Forests in May 2010 at the 19th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the National Board on Wildlife headed by the Minister of State (i/c) Why has Mawthabah been given environmental clearance for open cast mining and exploratory drilling in many parts of South West Khasi Hills? Hills District.
Latiplang said the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya is not that the state government has to seek authority from the central government but it is only to issue an order because the law has already been passed. don already.
Finally, he said that the production of marynthing-ka snappaka will greatly improve the dress and grooming of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The reason for this demand for ILP in Assam may be that the Principle Act of 1873 was implemented at the time of the Bengal Frontier. The Regulation Act of 1873 applies to the districts of Assam like Kamrup, Nogaon, Lakhimpur and others.
HANM will meet with the Chief Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss the matter and at the same time HANM will prepare to lodge a complaint against him. Former Governor Tathagata Roy, on behalf of HANM, also questioned why these Bengalis who have been sent abroad want to mushlia.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Working President of the party, Bindo M Lanong, said the GEC has discussed three issues, the Inner Line Permit, the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and the GEC. The MDC Election for the 26th Langrin MDC Constituency.
In West Bengal, 12
The public now wants to know whether the allegation as mentioned in the CBi findings is true or not.
He said that there is a connection with the development of the region and the state with it.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah RV Lyndoh whether the money is enough or still left, the Deputy CEM said that it is still with the government and the remaining money will be given to the government. MP elections.
The three days of the summit witnessed discussions on key areas of maritime-related activities including key development initiatives and discussions on the India Middle East Europe Economic Corridor ( IMEC), BIMSTEC, Chabahar port INTSC corridor.
The lotus flower with the logo is a symbol of India's ancient identity, faith and thought.
Shillong, July 21: Ka COMSO today held a protest at Madan Malli to demand the government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Besides the awareness program and 40 types of activities, the Dorbar Shnong Laitkyrhong, Laitkyrhong Sports Club and other NGOs organized 40 activities. Mawkynrew Block Community Development Facilitator of Word Vision India who has been in charge of Mawkynrew Block for more than 8 years but has been transferred to Kolkata, West Bengal .
Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) together with the residents of Block-I, have met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri. Police Outposts have been set up in 5 villages in the area.
At present, there will be a rise in temperatures in India and especially in the central and western parts of India. in medical facilities, such as medicines related to drinking water.
If you get this opportunity, it will help you in many ways.
The newspaper was first published in 2009 in Guwahati and the Shillong Editon was published in 2011. It is the only Bengoli newspaper published in Meghalaya.
The Minister commended the Government of Meghalaya for organizing the food show which provided an opportunity to farmers, entrepreneurs, factory owners to exhibit, exchange ideas and bring in the market from the food show. part of their goods.
Answering a question when he will resign from the post of MLA, he said, “I am ready to resign at any time when the Ranikor Civil Sub Division is opened. Even if I don't become an MLA anymore, I will leave the Civil Sub Division for the benefit of the people”.
Shillong, July 08: South Garo Hills Police in collaboration with BSF today seized 265 byrni of kwai supari weighing 1250 kilos from Dambuk. .
The seven players who Shillong Lajong have signed are Abdoulaye Koffi, 25, from Ivory Coast, who will play in front of them.
The dates set by the Election Commission are as follows.
The programme, which will be held from 16 to 18 July 2024 at the NFDC complex, has attracted nearly 200 projects from 10 countries representing 27 languages.
There should be no crowding in shops or any other places and the public should complete their purchases as soon as possible in the shortest possible time.
On the first day of the two-day lockdown, the roads in Shillong have been closed and vehicles with passes have been few. appear on country and village streets.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dolly Khanglah, President of the War Jaintia Limestone and Boulder's Association, urged all the exporters to meet the Ranger of Pursadwar to collect their documents. page and to gain more clarity for the smooth running of the trade going forward.
However, the Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, the Department of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying of the Union Government have prepared treatment methods and distributed them to the States and UTs to treat and prevent Lumpy Skin Disease. .
This initiative by the State Health Department follows a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on 26th June, 2023 to discuss many issues. They demanded the construction of a Health Sub Center in Jyllep and Mawhiang.
Shillong, March 28: Hundreds of members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People and other civil society organizations, KSU and HNYF today took part in the march. on the problem of youth unemployment in the state.
Regarding the implementation of the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY), the Chairman MSPB has decided to hold a special meeting to discuss the issues arising from the implementation of the scheme. The officers expressed their satisfaction that they have been able to drive the trucks from the NHAI bye-pass, but at the same time they expressed their concern because of the traffic jam. They requested the MSPB authorities to consider creating new roads to allow small vehicles to pass through the Umiam Lake Dam. 58 years old to date.
The Draft Quality Control Order will be made available to the public for comment at the appointed time.
During the march, students from different schools in Shillong carried their placards talking about the MR Vaccination.
The Government will continue to work on the schemes that will benefit the people. The Government will continue to improve what they have done in the past five years so that the people can benefit from the schemes that the people will benefit from. government implements.
However, the overcrowding of the Jowai Civil Hospital which has only 100 beds is unthinkable because the patients have to sleep on the balconies. There is only one Government Hospital in Jaintia Hills with only 100 beds.
Police have arrested the driver and seized the drugs, a Mahindra Pickup and a mobile phone.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Principal of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Niangbari, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that those who wish to send their children to school at the school can fill up the online application from the school. for Class IX for the year 2018-2019 and the closing date will be on 5-4-2018 by visiting the website.
MENA Climate Week 2023 discusses climate change action ahead of COP28 and is organized by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
He said that if there is any shortage of rice, they can complain to the DC Supply office.
The Minister said that in the post-COVID world, it is necessary for countries to ensure that young people are trained in digital skills.
It is difficult without a market, said the residents.
Goyal said the State Government has decided to conduct an inquiry to find out how many Government houses and private houses aged 50 to 70 years are safe in case of such incidents. these things are not thought of.
Police said they do not know the name and address of the suspect.
At the same time, the law enforcement agencies were requested to make every effort to rescue the youth from the hands of the kidnappers.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Chief Engineer of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) BM Lyndem today informed the public that due to the drought and other reasons, the water level at the Mawphlang Dam has dropped.
Referring to the peace and order, he said that the government will do whatever is necessary to ensure that foreigners cannot enter the state as they please. The Government has set up Task Force Committees in all districts of the state.
Shillong, November 28: For the 8th time, the Rupang Relief Scheme has distributed relief to 7 families from different villages in Lum Khasi-Jaintia. .
He urged the officers whether they are IAS, IPS, MCS and all government employees to help from the bottom of their hearts to resolve the border issue.
Regarding the infiltration of Bangladeshis, this is not a new phenomenon but it has happened from time to time. Bangladeshis will not be able to enter the country as easily as they are now.
During the meeting, the Director of Distribution and the Chief Engineer, Bah KN War, promised to install a new transformer within this month. MeECL will succeed in addressing the problems of the villagers.
This action of the Assam government has angered the residents of this village.
This is the government's response to the people.
His speeches have been in vain and his comments and suggestions have remained without any explanation or acceptance of the speech of Bah AL Hek.
Speaking on the occasion, BD Shira explained the benefits of being with the government. Other government officials who attended the event were Asst. Also present on the occasion were the Chiefs of Nokma Village Authority, VA Sangma.
“This is a serious task not only for Meghalaya but for India as a whole as we have seen an increase in accidents due to reckless driving and in many cases drivers They take sting because of the violation of the laws of the land.
Shillong, June 28: Nine persons have been arrested so far on suspicion of involvement in the gang rape of a child in Chenga, Superintendent of Police Vikash Kumar today said. Benga on 16/June/2
The event was held to raise awareness among the public on the need for mobile towers to make the states of the North East digitally advanced and to remove misunderstandings about the impact of EMF emitted by mobile towers are available.
This speech has been very encouraging and many of the students have passed the examinations.
Bah B Basaiawmoit in his welcoming speech said that there have been cases when they have been given time only by requests to come to the House. and on the 30th morning they shall come to the dorbar hall, as the representatives of the people shall be like soldiers to arrive in case of war.
Similarly, the benefits and revenues from the exploitation of this mineral resource that come to the state government, to the people and to the villagers have decreased.
The union also congratulates all the teachers of Iooks Presbyterian School who have dedicated themselves to improving the school from time to time.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government will move forward to curb the influx of foreigners without implementing the ILP in the state.
The school has started classes to train children for a long time and the construction of the school building is ongoing.
Our state has been severely affected by the easy entry of foreigners into the state.
If the government is strong, policies are smooth and the trust of other countries increases.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Barato Unit and was also attended by Samla Cherity Suja, General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle. KSU Jaintia Hill District, and a speech was delivered by the former Rangbah Shnong of Barato Pyllun. The leaders were sworn in by Samla Rangbah Ohibait Dkhar President of KSU JHD with advice and encouragement to all the leaders.
Tynsong said the decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the negotiating table has surprised the state government as well as the central government as all their demands have been met. He spoke at the first meeting of the peace talks.
The lack of responsibility of the state government has affected the peace and order in Ri-Bhoi District which will celebrate its silver jubilee this year and also in the state as a whole.
Of these, 4,23,908 complaints have been resolved and 409 cases are pending.
Since the Government of India approved in June 2021 to implement FASTag, the number of Toll Gates has increased from 770 to 1228 including 399 State Toll Gates.
The union also stressed that smuggling will not be easy if there is strong vigilance by the police and villages on various roads from the border, the road from Muktapur or Dawki and others to Amlarem, Jowai or Shillong or any other place where there is no police station.
Also present on the occasion was the Deputy Speaker of Meghalaya, Timothy D Shira MLA of Resublepara. the Chief Minister said on Twitter.
The Governor will have to take a decision and we will send a letter to the Governor and request him to protect the provision of Para 6A of the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said KHNAM. : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya on Saturday honored Silbi Passah, who has been nominated for the Padmashree by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu and Alexander Laloo Hek. who recently received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in New Delhi.
“Fourthly, the Union would like to ask why the Puit have not taken action against those who spread false news about the man who was arrested in Laban who spread words of hatred and disrupted the peace and order. ha Laban where there are ethnic clean residents or whether the police are on the side of non-Khasi against Khasi because as mentioned above, the arrest of Khasi children for minor reasons “It shows the bloodshed of the police against the Khasi,” he said.
The students said that they were delighted to meet Myntri Rangbah Duh.
The MDCs who attended the meeting were Adelbert Nongrum, Goodleaderson Nongsiej, James Sylliang, Victor Rani, Grace Kharpuri, Jansing Tynsong, Morningstar Mawsor and other MDCs. Rishot, a leading traditional song group from West Jaintia Hills District, has won the traditional song competition on HIV AIDS organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jaintia Hills District today. today at HK Singh School, Jowai.
The union also requests the Meghalaya High Court Badonburom and the Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission to take action against this incident and to investigate and punish the police and magistrates involved in this misuse. The limits of their power have caused injury to teachers and endangered others.
Police are still struggling to get the name of the man who was missing from Wahumkhrah. Police are in the dark because they don't know his name. kim pat don't come.
At present, the government training center has many shortcomings on the part of the teachers and staff in the office inside the college.
Jowai, Lber 10: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has received complaints from the students and parents of the students of seven Upper Primary Schools in seven villages of Ri Lum Jaintia. Secondary school through RMSA (Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan) is not available for teachers.
According to the proposal, Assam will get 25%, Arunachal Pradesh 13%, Meghalaya, Tripura, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur will get 11% each. other states in the North East will receive only 7%.
If the JHADC has to investigate the election of Waheh Shnongs, does this mean that the District Council no longer trusts or will take away the powers of the Daloi who have been appointed to conduct the election of Waheh Shnongs in any village?
In the men's category, East Jaintia Hills won 15 medals including 7 gold, one silver and 7 bronze.
Meanwhile, from Iew Hymmai, UMsyiem, Tuka, Muktapur in West Jaintia Hills District, Raja, Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District and Dumdama in Dumdama, South Garo Hills District. In Meghalaya, 95 cows have been seized from these places which were sent to Bangladesh.
The son of Bah WMS Pariat, IAS, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, and the son of Dr. Cecilia Laitflang. He completed his studies from St. Anthony's College, Shillong. The total number of students who took this examination in 2013 was 1122 students.
Shillong, July 15: The meeting of the Kur Shangpliang will be held on the 20th July at 11 am at Mae Dow Grande Hall, Lumbatemon. Seng Khasi College, Shillong.
Answering questions from reporters, the DGP said that the goal of the police department is to make the police department a place where the people would like to meet when there is any matter. .
Question Hour is a process to bring about accountability and transparency in governance.
Those who attended the function were Gopajit Das, Head Office, Shillong, Biangbok Basaiawmoit, C&RD Block Umling, D. Shylla, Nutritionist, DPO, WK Blah, Principal, Nongpoh and others.
The two performers hold a 6-foot-long stick and try to pull or nip at each other until they lose.
This change will benefit more than 7 lakh EPS members annually who leave the scheme within 6 months of investment.
Introducing the Bill to amend and reintroduce the rule, Bah Shylla said that the Bill was introduced in 1997 and has now become law.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Cherry Blossom Festival which started today, he said that India has a place in the Eastern Region and Japan has a job in the country. her.
The state government should also understand this issue and not just listen to them to come and do whatever they want and if the government doesn't listen, there will be a terrible consequence.
In connection with this day , the organization has awarded honors to the youth who have passed well in various examinations , who have worked hard in the work of the organization , who have passed in Computer MS Office Course sponsored by MLA Stephanson Mukhim for the participants of the Seng, who took part in the education program from Quiz, Drawing and Essay Competition.
Under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee scheme, the Central Government has guaranteed T 3.5 lakh crore for MSMEs. According to the report, about 1.5 crore job opportunities have been lost as a result.
When the vehicle stopped, the police surrounded the vehicle and started searching it. During the search, two songs were found in the newspapers. song the driver of this vehicle said it was money.
Police have recovered several weapons, ID cards, demand letters and about 51 SIM cards.
Shillong, March 09: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to congratulate the Chief Minister for his appointment as Irene P Hujon. Regarding the Inner Line Permit, the illegal influx of foreigners is a matter of concern.
After the walk, the team of Bansara Eye Care Center also conducted a screening and test chat for the patients for diabetes at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) wishes the former leader of the JSU a healthy body so that as a former leader and a heavy burden for the country and the country, Jaitbynriew, he has the opportunity to fulfill this good purpose of his, and to reach the goal of victory so that he can continue and give more spirit to serve the people as well as the country and the nation. hi all.
When contacted by SP News Agency, Bah Shylla said that he has already left the party but it is clear. On the same day, he will meet with the party leaders regarding this party issue.
They will be given training on water treatment systems by taking them to Water Treatment Plants (WTPs) in their cities.
The KHADC would like to provide financial assistance to those Quarantine Centers set up by the Dorbar Shnongs as part of the KHADC's contribution to the Dorbar Shnongs in the fight against COVID-1
In the protest, it was also clearly written that Riad Nongtung does not fall under Block II. Another sign read, “We will not rest for the sake of the people.
Through this Act, we have introduced a strong system in which Panchayats working in different parts of the country are recognized according to the rules.
Police are still searching for the perpetrators.
As India marches forward to fulfill its responsibility to bring about a sustainable future as a steward of the planet for our children, it has chosen to reintroduce cheetahs to regenerate habitats of these animals through the return of these animals.
CCTV cameras should be installed and video recorded at all Examination Centres, interviews and also during the mark counting.
It used to be really education to get a job and it really is.
These 11 online branches include Laban, Mawiong, Mihmyntdu, Chutwaku, Nongrah, Zero Point, Nondein, Phulbari, Garobadha, Mahendraganj and Mawhati.
He said that the area will benefit greatly from this initiative of the central government as the people have now been able to sell their siej abroad.
Therefore, it was suggested that this too should be resolved immediately by making it clear that the State Reservation Policy 1972 is intended only for the purpose of recruitment and not for any other purpose,” said KHNAM. We would like to point out that due to the differences of opinion regarding the revision of the SRP 1972 from other ethnic groups, there may be a trick by these ethnic groups to delay it.
In order for the NEC to implement development projects in the North East, the central government should have allocated T.2000 crore. 2020 and if you can't do it, it's just a dream.
The suspension of the work of the Smart City is the parking lot in Motphran which has already been demolished and now the work has been suspended for the sale of this parking lot.
In the first three years there was damage to his crops but he did not give up, but he continued with the method of farming without the use of pesticides.
The swearing-in ceremony of the two ministers who will replace them will be held tomorrow at 11.30 pm at Raj Bhavan.
Meanwhile, police have arrested Keryland Nengnong alias Dub and Paiaskhem Kharumnuid from Vilco School, Shillong. Police have arrested both of them.
He said that if the EC agrees, the EC will submit the report to the upcoming Lyiur dorbar.
When asked whether these dulir are still alive, Bah Syiem, Chairman of the Committee, said that these dulir are still alive because until now there has been no evidence. but there has been a forgetfulness of these most important parts.
The last meeting was held in Bangladesh in Chattogram to discuss how to look after the border between the two countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Dr. M. Chuba Ao, National Vice President of the BJP, on Tuesday said that the BJP will not withdraw from the MDA government in Meghalaya. can come to support and strengthen the government.
The conveners were elected on this day and on the 24th of this month they will elect the full office bearers of the HFU. to the farmers and it will be easy to discuss any problems faced by the farmers in the state.
In the last six years, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has elevated India’s status, attracted massive FDI, strengthened infrastructure, boosted investment in technology and open the door to those who are not able to do so.
At present, all the non-Congress parties are united to liberate India from the Congress.
About 1200 ethnic groups who attended the festival brought their traditional crafts from all over India.
Shillong, November 02: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) today worked hard to extinguish the blaze at the potato factory at Garikhana, Shillong.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Tourism has approved 28 new flights, so there are now 59 flights to approved tourist destinations.
The registration of nomination papers for the election will start at 10.00 pm and end at 4.00 pm. The deadline for withdrawal of applications will be on 11/09/2
The Paiem also thanked the Minister of Mylliem, Bah H Khongsit, a retired Government Officer, for his participation in encouraging this meeting of the Kurs through the Football Kur. Nongsteng, Rangbah Shnong, Madan Lyngdoh, and said that the unity, recognition and knowledge of the Kurs has been revived through this meeting of the Kurs through the Football Kur.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bah Leonard Khongsngi, President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Employees' Association (KEAA), on Tuesday said that the union strongly condemns the people who entered the office today to assault the employees of the office. , the party cannot accept this action of those who have come to exercise power.
The Speaker of the House has been directed to conduct the session by ringing video camera and the report should be sent to the Governor through the District Council Affairs Department.
Shillong, Nailar 28: KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit under the leadership of Samla Albinus Lamurong General Secretary today, after receiving information that some foreigners are standing in line to apply for Aadhar at SBI Main Branch Jowai, and Samla Leaning Tariang went to investigate for themselves and witnessed the fact that there is such a thing.
The award by Prime Minister Duh is part of his efforts to encourage the country's athletes in major tournaments around the world.
To justify the demand for a new district, Dr Azad said that the area demanded by the district has three C&RD Block, namely, Selsella, Demdema and Tikrikilla, with a total of 544 villages. It has 36 GS Circles and a population of 2.5 lakh.
These students of MLCU also visited the Thomas Jones School of Missions, which was founded at Nongsawlia in 1886 in memory of Rev Thomas Jones, known as The father of the Khasi people came to these Khasi Hills in
The reason is that whether it is the District Council or the State Government that has not passed those laws to protect the jaidbynriew, whether it is on the land, the Hima Dorbar, the Shnong Dorbar should be strong. bad that meeting where.
He said that those who use Umphniang sharak are only the poorest of the poor, he said that especially in this area most of the people are poor and suffering.
The platform, operating through the link has been reported to be active in East Khasi Hills district, prompting police to launch an investigation and issue a public warning.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The BJP has launched a program to collect the views of the people of the state which will be included in the party's agenda for the upcoming MP elections.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government will bring back the bill in the session which starts today. three.
The Reception Committee has arranged for all vehicles to park at KSA Sports Stadium, Mission Mairang Ground, St Thomas Higher Sec School Ground, Mawlum Pyndenumiong Ground, and Mawlum Pyndenumiong Ground. request to the District authorities of West, East and Ri-bhoi Districts to assist in arranging for trucks on that day so that it will be convenient for the visitors of the Dorbar Ri to Mairang from 10 am to 3 pm.
On the other hand, Bah Thomas said that if NEPA announces the vacancy, it should set aside a special allocation for Meghalaya.
This center will serve as a center between the government and the youth and at the same time it will serve as a center to learn about the trade.
To ensure that such gatherings do not spread COVID-19, the State/UT Governments will issue detailed SOPs to monitor such gatherings and implement them.
Pravin Bakshi has held many posts and the government has dismissed him as the Revenue and Disaster Management Department until the day he hands over the post to the newly appointed government.
“We are playing with fire now and it will burn everyone, including the VPP and it will destroy the future of our youth,” Rakkam said. continue now 3 more days.
The total number of voters in 1-Shillong Parliamentary (ST) Constituency is 10,38,833 lakh. There were 826156 lakh voters and 676496 lakh voters.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the Meghalaya and Assam governments have already held many meetings to ensure peace and stability in the border areas.
When the people went to their workplaces, they greeted their friends with Christmas greetings. Many churches held a carol and sang Christmas songs with the participation of the children. young and old.
“Therefore, we need the cooperation of all the political parties, Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations, Women's Organizations to achieve this important demand for the country and the nation,” he added.
Dr Sanky MDC of this area said that the government should take action to fully implement the police station to prevent the traffic at night on this road.
“Sadly, we see that our Khasi girls, after the shooting, come forward to open these shops.
He urged the people of the villages to unite, saying that it is the District Council which helps the villages to establish the Dorbar Shnongs.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has announced a curfew in Madan Mawser and Phanniewlah to prevent the spread of the disease and to quarantine those who have been in close contact with those who are suffering from the disease. See.
The Prime Minister urged the people to fight for the maintenance of peace and to stop those groups who want to create trouble.
The release of this information four months after the issuance of the order also raises the question whether there is anything wrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Social Welfare Department of the State Government has not received ration forms from the Food Distribution Department for those with disabilities for a long time.
The recent survey showed that the number of farmers visiting these centers has increased by 15-20% and that they are happy about the changes from the status of PMKSKs to the services available from these centres. place.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the second test was conducted today and the result was negative. Meghalaya has recovered from COVID-19 and has no new cases of COVID-19 so far.
Their demand is that the central government should immediately implement the decision of the Supreme Court of India that the employees of RR Banks should get the same benefits as the employees of RR Banks. Nationalist Bank.
Besides the dancers, more than 10,000 people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have come to witness the dance. On behalf of the KHADC, the Speaker of the House, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Pynshngian, witnessed the ceremony. Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Justice Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew, Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew were also present to witness the ceremony. The elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie also attended the ceremony.
The fee has been increased from T.200/- per metric tonne to T.354/- tyngka per metric tonne and this will come into effect from 01st June 2018 and the fee will be only for those who are late users. At present, the owners of these fertilizers as working groups receive only T.180 tyngka and the private sector receives up to T.200 tyngka.
The SDRF is searching for the injured and missing. The missing are Kali Mai, 60, and her daughter Rina Lama.
He said, “India is rich in stable democracy in the world. We have traditions in being the mother of democracy.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the DC to appoint Puja Committees to build bread pumps.
Committee Member Bah Matthew B. Kurbah said that he has been in contact with MCCL since 1999-2000 and expressed his regret over the closure of the factory and the unemployment of the workers.
Furthermore, the Secretary informed that the continuation of the construction of the road from Umden to Byrnihat and in the surrounding villages where this road passes through another 39 kilometers has been proposed to be included in the PMGSY-III in the allocation of funds. It is estimated at T.50.95 crore.
Ralden Shabong, President of the Kisan Morcha of Meghalaya, distributed jhur seeds to about 150 farmers from Umroi Constituency.
The award ceremony was held at the Sein Jaintia Hall, Qualapatty Shillong in the presence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Arts and Culture. Secondary School, members of the Sein Jaintia Women Wing and other guests.
On the other hand, Bah Mark said that the Mawlai Cleaner Association together with the Mawlai Cleaner Association has set a target to improve the cleanliness of the village.
When asked whether the appointment of the new CMD is because the investigation has not started , the Chief Minister said that the appointment of Rabeca is because MeECL is in trouble In terms of finance, the appointment of it will be of benefit as it is also responsible for the finance department of the state.
Sohtun said that according to the RTI received from NEEPCO, there was no agreement with Thiedieng village, the NOC was received from Mawphu village, but the impact of the Hydel Power Project is up to 97% of the land belongs to Thiedieng village, if it belongs to Mawphu village they have no complaints.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 489 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. there are 4434 to date.
Sidalin Marbaniang, you.
Little did he know that this newfound passion would not only transform his life but also bring glory to the entire community.
Police want to arrest UALA Chairman Chiindik Marak for several crimes including the killing of staff at Williamnagar Jail in East Garo Hills.
Speech was also delivered by Bah AL Hek, Minister of I&PR. He said that today is the anniversary of the independence of the state.
The MPUF's demand for the appointment of the DC is based on the work he has done for the people of West Jaintia Hills District, such as the implementation of the Kiangnangbah College scheme worth Rs 2 crore from the central government. The MLAs cannot, the DC has done the Jowai By Pass which has already been completed and there are many development works in the district which the DC has done which the MLAs cannot do. The reason why the union demands that the government should remove him first because the term of office of them has not expired, it is only one year and six months and the time remains why the government should remove him. it was not yet the time when the people demanded it.
KHNAM can fight against the rights of inheritance only to defeat the central government.
Interestingly, by 2023, 118 cities are not yet part of NCAP that can have clean air at least PM1
For more information, please call 9612297223, 9089290025, 9378183150,
This is to remind the government of the demand of the party on the ILP. U Pud U Sam- To inform you that Balakhwa falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Nongspung where Assam has been crossing the border from time to time. especially to get the road constructed.
This increase in the number of people in the morning was also recorded in the 20-Mylliem (ST) Assembly Constituency and also in the 25-Mawsynram (ST) Assembly Constituency. This influx of people was also in the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency where the people came out to cast their votes for the MP election. elect MPs to represent the Lok Sabha from this constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today won the Speaker election against Winnerson D Sangma of the opposition Congress. council.
At another place in Patharghat, BSF seized 19 cows but could not arrest the people as they fled into the forest in the darkness of the night.
At present, the situation in Ichamati and Dalda has upset the residents especially the foreigners.
The death toll has risen to 9, 1 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Cabinet meeting of Meghalaya has decided to introduce the Meghalaya Settlement Arrears Ordinance It is to open the door for those 805 people who have not paid taxes to the government for many years.
India also mentioned the launch of the Green Credit Program, which is designed to benefit groups to plant trees and rescue damaged forest areas, and aims to strengthen the step to control climate change.
The Central Government has also removed the word “Khasi and Jaintia Hills” from the Preamble of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
Shillong, Lber 29: According to the budget of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council 2019-2020, the salary of the Stenographer will be T.42,100/- at the beginning of the post, while the salary of the CEM will be T.42,1 It costs T.39,9
The KSU has taken this step because the government has not appointed a full time DMHO in the district despite the fact that the KSU has already demanded from the government and has also held a protest. The KSU has taken this decision because of the government's decision.
In a statement sent to the media, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that on November 1, 2023, a Maruti 800, color A video of a vehicle driver has been recovered from Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The four-day Durga Puja which started on the 27th of this month ended today with the inauguration of idols in different parts of the state. They were separated from Shillong and Wahumkhrah from Polo.
These projects were implemented by IndianOil and HPCL, which are PSUs under the jurisdiction of the Petroleum and Natural Gas Ministry.
The FKJGP Sengkmie in the spirit of responsibility for the Jaitbynriew cannot fail to encourage the hard work of the KHADC which has continued even until this crisis to close down foreign shops which do not exist. Trading License, even among the obstacles that try to block through the attacks by the poi-ei in the past few days we have seen a true spirit of courage and as a nation we are happy and happy. under the leadership of Bah Ardent as a leader.
The ceremony was also witnessed by many writers and family members.
" The governor said.
So far, 40 shelters have been set up for those affected by the floods. Some government health centres, schools and other educational institutions have been flooded.
He said the founder of this new rebel group.
In the past, there have been threats, demands for money, disruption of trade by the Khasi-Pnar people which has caused the people living in these areas to lose hope in the district authorities of Meghalaya.
Since the incident and also to continue to be with them in the coming days.
The silence is that they don't want to create ethnic differences but if they start they will have to show by their actions if they don't understand this.
Speaking to reporters, he said that 15 persons from East Khasi Hills, 13 persons from BSF, 1 person from Bihar and one person from Bihar have tested positive for COVID-1 One case from West Jaintia Hills, one case from South Garo Hills and two cases from West Garo Hills.
During the meeting, the DC and DTO promised the AYWO that they will increase the fare within three days.
In particular, the union expresses its gratitude to the district authorities for taking the initiative to call for talks with the BSF and hopes that it will be smooth until the end without any incident.
The meeting was attended by all the human rights organizations in the region including the Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC), the Naga Peoples Movement for Human Rights Rights (NPMHR), as the convener of the meeting were the Indigenous Women's Forum of Northeast India (IWFNEI), Karbi Human Rights Watch (KHRW), Zo Indigenous Forum (ZIF), Sinlung Indigenous Peoples Human Rights Organization (SIPHRO). ) & United Dragon Council (UNC).
Shillong, July 14: The Regional Committee of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that the Regional Committee will visit the border dispute areas in West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong Districts. in the last week of July, 2023 before sending the survey report to the State Governments in January,
The visit was led by Morningstar Pasi President of the Unit in the presence of Samla Ohibait Dkhar President of KSU Jaintia Hills District Body. COVID 19.
He congratulated the Prime Minister's Office for receiving the ambulance.
Other sources said that on the 15th of this month, some people took children and threw them into the borni at the ball playing ground known as Umphrup. “It is not clear whether it is true or not,” said Bah Edar Nongbri, former MDC of the area.
The BRO is the only group working for the construction of roads and this office is located in Shillong and this group has constructed many roads, cremation roads by use the tools and resources that are appropriate for this age.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Baiateilang said that the party has met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar and during this meeting they have urged the authorities to the District Council to strengthen the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
The Union Minister was accompanied by BJP members, Michael Kharsyntiew, MLA from 17-North Shillong Constituency, General Secretary of Meghalaya. Clarence Nongbet, State Vice President David Kharsati and others.
When searched, they are not in the KHADC office and the officers have to submit a report on where these files are.
The MCTA leaders urged the Prime Minister to implement the rules of the University Grants Commission (UGC) as they are.
Speaking on the occasion, Process T Sawkmie said that the Congress party is with the people and the 17 Congress MLAs have stood together to do something to protect the people. Jaintia Hills.
It will have to increase not only trade with other states of the North East but with the country as a whole as well as foreign trade with neighboring countries like Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister said that according to the rules laid down in the soskular signed by the government in 2007, although the state does not have to receive electricity from 2017 from NTPC, NTPC can ban the state government from buying electricity from other companies.
HYC President Roykupar Synrem was the Chief Guest while Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh was the Symbud.
On the other hand, the DC said that the delay may be due to the fact that the IOC has not yet sent the money to the bank accounts of those people who have already applied.
That is clear to us as leaders but we want to show that we have the truth as leaders to tell why we have to come forward from the Government's mistake," he said.
Furthermore, what is more shocking is that even those areas which have never been in conflict and which have always fallen under Meghalaya, according to this soskular, have been decided to be given to Assam.
Bah George B Lyngdoh and other elders and members from different communities.
Gigur Myrthong MLA of Mawthungkut said that all the roads to Assam have been closed and people are not allowed to enter and leave. and Athiabr.
UALA Chairman Chiindik Marak in a statement today said that they have decided that they want peace in Garo Hills because as of now, the situation is peaceful in Garo Hills. Garo Hills is the most beautiful.
The MCA, following the recommendation of the ad hoc selection committee, has shortlisted 28 players for the season ahead based on their 2023-24 domestic record and their performances in selection matches that were held recently.
The curfew in other parts of Shillong will be in force from 12.00 noon to 5.00 pm until further notice.
The objective of the Yatra is to provide information and to facilitate the delivery of welfare schemes to the people who deserve them.
Implementation of NEP 2020 It is a demand of hours but many heads of schools have expressed that they do not want to implement NEP 2020 from the academic year 2023-2
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The BSF troops not only guard the border with Bangladesh, but also assist the people in their needs from time to time when the people are in need. need.
Maybe it was a need at the time.
What! The Khasi, Khara-Jaintia and Garo people should be surprised what to do if these things happen in their lives.
Speaking at the launch, Mr. Amit Das, Area Manager, Eyewear Division – Titan Company Ltd said, “The wearing of eyewear in this age has become a fashion trend. more beautiful and more attractive.
Replying to a question received by Meghalaya on the availability of the North Eastern Space Application at Umiam, the ISRO Chairman directed P Shakil Ahmad, Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, to say that the Government of Meghalaya has received up to 19 schemes from the NEC to be implemented through this area.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has demanded that the State Government should suspend all appointments in Government departments until the discussion on the Roster System and the review of Jobs is completed. Reservation Policy.
Kharkongor said India is the most developed country in the world.
Seeing this, the BSF personnel at the border with Bangladesh seized the truck number ML04-B-6866 and the driver. The BSF troops immediately arrested the truck.
He said India feels that medicines are important not only for the welfare of health but also for the welfare of the world, and it is India's duty. to assist other countries, including our neighboring countries, in the fight against the virus.
On this occasion, KSU Umpung Unit together with school children and teachers planted trees at Umpung village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shah said Prime Minister Duh is concerned and closely monitoring the disaster relief efforts and that India's achievements in this field are due to this.
From Baniun to Tamabil, it will be easier for two vehicles to pass through the Umngot River. The bridge on the Umngot River will be built from above. the road is also open.
The CoMSO demands that the government should call for talks with the protesters and the government should listen to their demands.
On this occasion, the Chief of Army Staff laid the foundation stone in memory of the martyrs of the Army who improved this place.
The office urges the residents to suffer a little and strive to complete the repairs as soon as possible. The office apologizes to the residents for this damage to the water pipes.
It is the unity of body and mind; thought and action; waiting and completion; the systematic relationship between man and the environment; holistic approach to health and wellbeing.
On the other hand, he said that all people are looking for a cure, but the best cure is to receive treatment with love and proper treatment and the cure is only that which helps to cure the disease.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Opposition Leader PN Syiem said that they have decided not to contest and will support Bah Lamphrang Blah as he is the oldest MDC in the KHADC. The filing of nomination papers will be held tomorrow morning before 12.00 pm and the decision of the opposition not to nominate Bah Lamphrang Blah will be the Speaker. Shillong, July 26: Border Security Force (BSF) troops while patrolling at the Mankachar border have arrested a man identified as Urup Miah, 21, from Assam. 210 Yaba Tablets were seized from his body.
It is to be recalled that the KJBWA has staged a protest by stopping the purchase of cows from Khanapara market and also to temporarily slaughter cows as a sign of strong opposition to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, which has caused problems. The price of beef in the state has increased from time to time due to the difficulty in obtaining beef for slaughter in the state.
After joining the Ministry of Factories as Secretary from 2022 to 2022, he worked in many departments of the Central Government. the state of Punjab and held many government departments.
Therefore, the KSU requests the authorities to try to appoint doctors as soon as possible.
Therefore, the union requests the Power Department and the Minister in charge of this matter of the state government to turn its attention to our area,” said Balawan Suchiang (President Laskein Circle).
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Diana Ch Marak, 24, an engineering student of Shillong Polytechnic, Shillong, who is studying in the fourth semester of Civil Engineering, has committed suicide. by sdien phasi in the door of love.
The BSF has been able to curb the smuggling and drug trafficking in the border areas, but some of the smugglers have used the villages to speak out against the BSF troops so that they can continue to smuggle drugs. They are not smuggled to Bangladesh.
He congratulated the 30 Kurs and especially the two Kurs Nongrum and Marbaniang who met at the beginning.
They are bright and hardworking students in their studies and are supported by their teachers and parents.
Furthermore, the farmers in the rural areas are not in the dark about the social distancing and other measures announced by the State and Central Governments from time to time to fight against the coronavirus.
During the 24 to 48 hours before receiving the report, how many of these people have met other people on their way home.
Officials of the Shillong Municipal Board including Chief Executive Officer (CEO) PK Boro and Executive Engineer Bah FB Chyne have visited Marten to check the situation. tragic event.
We have already sent a petition to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the Shillong Municipal Board to take action against this construction and we have also lodged a complaint with the district authorities under Section 133 CrPC, “It's a good idea to build and demolish,” said Bah Nonglang.
The purpose of the visit was to repair the damaged ones.
The union understands that through this initiative of the education department, the government will help a lot to the students of the state especially those who are eager and willing to sit in various competitive examinations.
During the visit, they were taken to many historical sites such as Alipore Zoo, Science City, Indian Museum, Birla Technological Museum, Victoria Memorial, Mother Teresa's House, St. Paul's Cathedral and others. places.
In his resignation letter, the officer said that he wants to contest the election in 2017 and urged the office not to Receive this letter of resignation as soon as possible.
Besides, the implementation of such a project not only requires many conditions, in terms of finance, land acquisition, improvement of land for construction of houses, employment of people. to do the work.
He said that even if we turn to the rural areas, if they find out that our people from the State who have not taken the light or cannot pay for their bull light, they are ready to come and cut off the light. light without delay.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Another group of SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSATSA) today met with the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang. to negotiate salary.
E Kharpuri, DCPO, DCPO, RS Dkhar, Institutional Protection Officer, B Basaiawmoit, District Child Protection Officer, B Basaiawmoit, DCPO, RS Dkhar, DCPO Members of the CWC, led by Bety Jyrwa, President of HANM WW and Kong B Sungoh, General Secretary, found many shortcomings in the services provided by the orphanage.
Since then, the university has written to the UGC to request for an explanation.
Shillong, November 14: The Central Government has released 22482 poor households under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojna (PMAY) scheme in East Khasi Hills District alone. poor housing scheme.
Shillong, July 02: The Happy Valley Army School Shillong has received the title of honor for the students who passed well in the Class X and XII CBSE Board Examination.
They have not received anything from 2017 to 2019 for three years.
Therefore, it is clear that the District Council does not want to act fairly, it wants to use force and violate the rights of the public administration which is also against the human rights in public administration and also destroys the rights of the public administration. leadership and the constitution.
Shillong, March 21: The District Level Committee on the Monitoring of Groundwater in South West Khasi Hills District, has directed all households to check the availability of groundwater. Those who own water wells should register with the office of the Executive Engineer.
Referring to the collection of revenue from GST, the Chief Minister said that in the 2017-18 fiscal year, only T.500 crore was collected, while in the 2018-2019 fiscal year, T.878 crore was collected. crore and this year 2019-2020 will reach T.1500 crore.
We have to do it immediately because this is an urgent work and the people who travel through the road from the Damsite Bridge have faced a lot of difficulties and we will try to complete it as soon as possible,” said Mondal.
Shipping costs in these activities play a role of about 15% in the cost of freight.
Speaking to reporters from Shillong, he said that the time has come for museums to be included in textbooks so that the future generations can learn about the past.
Because we understand that once we have decided to move, it means it's too late, so we have discussed some issues with them (HPC) and they have shown that they are ready.
The two Chief Ministers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar were also present on the occasion. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh was also present on the occasion. Head of Government from the State Water Supply Department and the Shillong Municipal Board.
This lack of attention of the government to those who drive commercial vehicles shows that it doesn't matter if the people face difficulties in coming and going, whether it is for the market goers or those who go to work. The MJACCV has continued its protest since Monday.
He also urged them not to listen to the insults of others for them in terms of good. but move forward so that later they will reap the fruits of victory.
Police have recovered another unexploded IED bomb, a blue wire about 30 meters long which was used to detonate the bomb.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that they have received information that some youths have joined the party and are in two sumos intending to leave for Bangladesh.
She said that as a Leader of Parliament, it is necessary for her to take part in the House to speak on what has been brought in the House and she will be a bridge between the people and the government. Delhi and government offices in Delhi.
Can the private right of any person or any person be restricted? In fact, right and wrong should go hand in hand like right and sin.
The 4th Semester, Bachelor students from the Department of Social Work of Martin Luther Christian University, in collaboration with Bansara Eye Care, have done this voluntary work. NSS MLCU unit.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, said that he received a tip last night and today he went to investigate the incident together with a police team.
FLIGHT BATTERY 3.
Heatermoon Ryngkhlem as President and Bah Embok Dkhar as General Secretary of the party, while other office bearers remained unchanged.
The meeting was opened by Bah A. Mukhim, MCS, BDO, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block and conducted by Bah John F Kharshiing. in the presence of 100 Gram Sevaks, and other Government officers.
U K Nayal DIG/PRO BSF Shillong, said that these smugglers at the border have been trying to enter the country despite the COVID-19 pandemic and the BSF has worked hard to curb this smuggling. steal.
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has strongly condemned the baseless allegation of the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) against the KSU over the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati on the evening of on October 27, 2024.
Regarding the rent, in urban areas the rent has been increased from T.4000 to T.8000 tyngka, for those within the District Headquarters from T. 3000 to T.6000 and others from T.2500 to T.
On the other hand, the Joint Director asked for time to clarify by next month on many aspects of this section which includes the provision of health care in schools and the introduction of Aadhaar to the students.
I want to stop these things from happening again.
At the meeting, the CoRP demanded that the Administrative Unit Patharkhmah should be upgraded to a Civil Sub-Division. Umling-Patharkhmah road.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Unidentified persons today set fire to the school building of the Presbyterian Church in Nongrah.
How much smoother it would have been if the Government had been able to introduce such an idea to every village earlier.
Shillong, July 23: U Keith Pariat today joined the Congress party along with his followers WO Thangkhiew, William Marbaniang and Sunshine Warjri. .
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Cornad K Sangma has been re-elected as the National President of the National People's Party (NPP) for the three-year term 2019-2 .
All that remains now is for the government to give its approval.
The Government over the years has done its utmost to do something for the sake of the state by introducing laws like the Meghalaya Special Court Act, 2014; Meghalaya Local Commissioner Act,2014; The Meghalaya (Prohibition of Benami Transactions) Act, 1980 as amended in 2016 will ensure that proper governance is achieved.
Regarding the Meghalaya Gambling Act, the HSPDP said that the government should not just announce it but should take action in accordance with the rules to repeal the Act.
The Prime Minister alleged that it was during the Congress rule that the prostitution was run from the residence of the former Home Minister and it was during the Congress government that the “The officer who investigated the case has been dismissed within six months,” said Conrad.
“He (Bah Standling) was known as a man loved and respected by the people.
In the past three years they have written many letters to the Governor of the state but nothing has been done and now suddenly he has ordered the closure of the school.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul said that it is necessary to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancients which have begun to disappear. begin to forget to preserve their own culture and customs.
Goel stressed that all schools should have a playground and if any school does not have a playground, it should work with another school. don neighbourhood.
In the same announcement, the Parry Congress has appointed three working presidents of the MPCC, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA, Marthon Sangma MLA and James Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Lber 02: Three shops were damaged in a fire inside Photkroh Market in South West Khasi Hills District.
The party also urges the people to cooperate with the government and the party to eradicate this illegal beverage and also not to be afraid when good and change comes.
Rastriya Nigam Private Limited, a company owned by the Government of Uttar Pradesh, was also selected to construct the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. For many years, it has been said that in 2022, the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today expressed his deep sorrow over the death of soldiers in a fire at the Army Armory. the Central Ammunition Depot is located in Pulgaon, Maharashtra.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Meghalaya and Mizoram have reached the final of the U-21 Men's Football Games 2022 today.
Family members of the MLA of Williamnagar were also present to witness the occasion.
Shillong, March 14: As part of the Special Campaign 3.0, the National Sample Survey Office, Field Operations Division, Shillong has conducted a cleanliness drive in the Nanpolok area (Ward's Lake).
The BJP has only one voice and that is to work for the development of the country and the state as a whole.
He said that this meeting of the officers of PWD and SMB is because there are parts that belong to PWD, there are parts that belong to SMB and there are parts that have to be done through the MLA. scheme.
To fight against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the BSF requests the state government authorities to cooperate to ensure that such smuggling of cattle will not happen. It has been linked to drug trafficking and the proceeds have been used to support insurgent groups in Meghalaya.
“The presence of the supporters at this meeting has already shown the victory of the party candidate,” said Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
In a complaint lodged with the police, he said that he paid the money to these people because he was afraid of being threatened by these three people. .
Speaking to reporters at Nazareth Hospital, he said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma cannot do anything in relation to these incidents in these days to curb them.
Eugeneson, who is a Lajong player who left for Rangdajied, will meet the players of Lajong for the first time tomorrow morning. the team you have.
When the government has received the land in the form of a donation, the government will allocate funds to build the road. money from the state government.
Also present on the occasion were Mohendro Rapsang, Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA, PN Syiem and F. Lakadong MDC of KHADC.
The Government has set up a special committee comprising law enforcement officers from the KHADC, the KHADC, the Land Department of the State Government and Law Department of the State Government to look into this.
Shillong, July 15: A vehicle heading from Thieding to Mawsynram collided with a vehicle at Sohkhlur River in the middle of the road. One child has died in this tragic incident.
The Congress Government has decided that it will not come to power in 2018, it has lost the trust of the opposition, it has lost the trust of the people, the BJP will undoubtedly come to power in 2018 in Meghalaya. Only if this strong political party in India can stop the political activities that cause differences.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the government has already allocated funds for the establishment of such schools in all districts, but only in Tura has been allocated land and set up. you are the foundation.
HITO has lodged a complaint against 18 coal trucks at Mawryngkneng Police Station and their complaint has been accepted by the police station although the police have refused to prosecute the complaint, he said. from the Donbok.
There have been many offers to sing and dance across India, but only a few have been forced to take part for personal reasons.
Speaking to reporters at the State Central Library, he said that the group's opposition to the government's decision is that in other states like Assam which is close to the disease. COVID-19 is still rampant in other parts of India.
She urged the government when issuing vacancy announcements to mention the types of jobs for those with disabilities.
Shillong, July 08: The Chairman of NESFAS, Bah Phrang Roy, in an interview with the media today at the NESFAS office, said that they have conducted a thorough research on the health of the NESFAS. of Lyngngam in 2014 and in this study it was found that these people have vitamin deficiency.
Speakers from the Manbha Foundation Malsawma Pachuau taught the children how drug abuse affects human behaviour, health, family and society.
In this regard, they have also spoken to the MLA of the area, Bah PN Syiem but he has not been able to fulfill their demand.
Police have arrested Prabhu Mandal of Guwahati, Salim Sangma and Bulbul Phukan of Tura.
The protest of the trainees supported by the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) Central Body was also witnessed on 28th November, 2016 at the NIOS office to protest against corruption. Shillong, July 21: The KSU Photkroh Unit on 21.01.2016 has donated blankets to 60 Khasi households in this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today visited Sohra Village and during this visit he met with the offices of Sohra Civil Sub Division. received at the Circuit House in Sohra.
Twenty-two teams from different villages in Mawlai Nongkwar took part in the tournament. The winner was Kongrit Lyngkot FC against Block to win the title.
To show that the Congress party wants the CAB, Alantry said that on 20th June 2012, the then Chief Minister of Assam submitted a petition to the Prime Minister Dr. Monmohan Singh in which he requested to recognize those people from Bangladesh who have fled to India as full Indian citizens.
There are 10 vacant cabinet seats in the central government. If the RPI, which has only one MP in the Rajya Sabha and two MLAs, is included in the cabinet, the question is whether the NPP will Whether or not to join the Cabinet will be reconstituted.
All Rangbah Shnongs have been directed to collect these forms from the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply East Khasi Hills District Shillong.
At the beginning of the day, Rang Bih Bih Sports Club played against Mawiong Sports Club in the semi final. won 2-1.
The Prime Minister called upon all to work together to maintain the peace that has changed.
Shillong, Lber 24: Shillong Police have seized 24 boxes of heroin worth T.1.5 crore from Lumsohphoh and arrested another trafficker. snar well.
The Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Mental Health and Social Care Police, which is now the first state in India to have such a policy.
Nongpoh Traffic Police immediately rushed to the scene to conduct investigation and rescued the driver from the truck and rushed him to Civil Hospital Nongpoh. this is the world.
On the other hand, the RBYWO will continue to ban work on such special days in the state. The RBYWO does not know what will happen. .
The Forum demands that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action.
There are 30 recoveries today, 25 from West Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from East Khasi Hills.
Another Maruti 800 ML05G-7931 heading towards Baniun collided with a petrol tanker AS-80-7716 at midnight in Shillong. The injured were identified as Diana Shullai. 23 years old, Corporal Shullai 34 years old, Nancy Lyngwa 28 years old and Wenaki Shullai 29 years old.
On the other hand, the Governor said that religion is only a part of human culture, but sadly there are other religions which teach falsely to instill in the minds of human beings that it is only what they believe. They teach what is known as “Fanaticism” in foreign languages.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District as of 10 am today. Three of them are BSF personnel and three are civilians.
In the case of the UGC NET, there are up to 100 subjects for students to take.
Criticizing the work of the incumbent MP Vincent Pala, Shulai said that if the people have given him the opportunity to become MP from Shillong seat, he will bring many development projects. to bring milk and fish into the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Replying to the allegation that some of them are illegally staying, the SGPC leader said he does not want to say anything because this is the matter of the court and they don't have any. responsibility for those who live illegally.
The KSU said that if the NDPS Act continues to be weak and strong as it is now, it means that drug abuse and drug trafficking will increase because the weakness of the Act will encourage more and more people in the state and especially foreigners. state to make the state a center of drug trafficking and consumption.
The injured were 26 women and 23 men. The injured were taken to hospitals.
The Financial Accounts and Appropriation Accounts for the year 2022-23, relating to the Government of Meghalaya, prepared under Article 151 (2) of the Constitution of India, have been tabled in the Legislative Assembly. Meghalaya on
To improve the working methods and to provide and eliminate all the shortcomings, the Seng will close down the bank if it cannot provide the services as expected by the public, according to a statement. Edmund K Khongngai HYC North East.
The 125th Anniversary of the Church was inaugurated on the 15th June 2012 by the Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo as the chief guest and will end on the 10th June. The 125th Anniversary of the founding of the Unitarian Church in Jowai, which is also the first church of worship in the Khasi Jaintia Hills, Karbi. Anglong is on the 18th of September.
They will now prepare to compete with other athletes from across the country, many of whom have won medals in the National Games, Asian Games and Commonwealth Games.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice for the creation of the Rambrai Community and Rural Development Block in West Khasi Hills District with immediate effect. village.
Ri Bhoi has won six gold medals in the men's 73 kg category. Anasthasius Ryndongsngi won 107 points in the men's weightlifting category. With 112 points, he scored 219 points.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has recently renewed its leadership including Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP as Chairman and President of the HSPDP as Secretary. to discuss the joint candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections from Shillong Parliament Constituency in
After this public meeting, they will announce the dates of similar meetings in Mawlai, Nongthymmai and Malki and will proceed to the District Headquarters and the biggest meeting will end at Mawkhar. .
About 600 BJP members took part in the bike rally which started from Madan Iewrynhep and ended at the party office at Bivar Road. and President Ernest Mawrie.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati District today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar. There is a committee to fight against drugs.
The Chief Minister said that the scheme will be from the USOF for the rural areas . During the meeting , the Chief Minister , Cornad , said that in the mountainous states Meghalaya should pay more attention to this scheme.
At the same time, the party also demands the repeal of the AFSPA in which the mother of Manipur, SHARLIMA, has been on strike for many years. this law.
Many of the residents went outside without finding anything or even behind the building.
These words of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM, KHADC, are perhaps the foundations of democracy and political rule.
Forty types of rights activities are available in this market.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to say “Yes” to the Central Government's proposal to amend the Citizenship Act. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, said the Deputy Chief Minister.
The Assam government is also ready to provide but the village and relatives of these refugees refuse to accept.
Pala said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Congress party has not been able to hold protests against the increase in petrol and diesel prices, but the party will hold protests. protest against this price increase.
Police and BSF personnel seized more than 50,000 kilos of sugarcane.
He said that two Mega Food Parks will soon be opened in Meghalaya and Sikkim.
Shillong, July 09: A group of journalists from Uttar Pradesh has visited Meghalaya as part of the Media Tour under the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
The program was enriched by traditional dance by the youth of the village and pastieh dance by the elders of Khadar Nor.
The KSU on Saturday led by its President Lambokstarwell Marngar and General Secretary Donald Thabah.
There are 109 villages in this Block and a population of 36148 people.
In this regard, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is still investigating the cause of the death of the man. the cause of his death.
“He also informed that the order has been sent to the District School Education Officers.
Further delay will cause more problems to the overage of these applicants in the future,” said the Seng.
Referring to the Ambulances, the Seng has found that there is no fully equipped Ambulance to transport patients to other hospitals at any time and this will cause problems to the people when there are Emergency Cases especially at night. black clothes.
During the meeting , the Union Minister promised to take action on this issue . During the meeting , Roshan also urged the Union Minister to take action The Burn and Trauma Center at the Civil Hospital Shillong and Tura will be relocated and the Amrit Pharmacy will be set up on the ground floor of these two government hospitals.
He promised that if there is any problem faced by the residents, he is ready to go to these places even at midnight.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that during the meeting this morning, he hoped that they would be able to resolve the border disputes between the two states in seven areas where there is a border dispute.
The airport, which is the first new airport in Arunachal Pradesh, is being built on more than 690 acres of land at a cost of more than Rs 640 crore.
Once God decided to destroy, he first destroyed man.
In Shillong, Mawlong Market, Anjelee, Khlieh Iewduh and Stand Bhoi, the parking lots of buses coming from the villages and Sumo were empty today as no vehicles came and private vehicles were seen. they were able to stand firm.
Shillong, July 30: The Central Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting to discuss the reservation roster of the party.
“Therefore, we demand clarification and to know the truth and to expedite action on our complaint against illegal residents, we urge you to conduct your own investigation in this area with and we and the above-mentioned plaintiffs, within 10 days from today, so that we can evict the illegal immigrants from this area,” said the union.
Schools have also been directed not to allow children to leave without their family members coming to visit. If there is a change in the behavior of children, parents should be informed.
Another village is Khliehriat which is the capital of EJHD which has already been closed down because it is on National Highway 44 and because there is no parking space for vehicles now the BSF. car.
Congress candidate Bah Teibor Pathaw in his speech instead of talking about what he should do if the people of Mawlai elect him as MDC, but he criticized the former MLA of Mawlai. Mawlai u Bah Sawkmie even his own business in terms of housing.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Social Audit Forum of MGNREGA scheme will be held at Mawlangsu on 28.3.2013 and Kynshi on 25.4.2013 from 10:00 am. morning.
The documents to prove that they are voters will be EPIC and others will be sent explanations.
Police are investigating to track down the robbers who went to rob the temporary workplace of the company.
“We cleaned that up and brought confidence to young people for their aspirations," he said.
When the members of the Dorbar arrived at the place where the members of the FKJGP were and when asked about these activities and the purpose of the raid and that the shops had to be closed, there was a The Secretary of the Seng Samla Demseiñïong was also injured.
The KHADC should have a full Executive Committee before February 2020 in any form.
Johtin Khardewsaw was accompanied by former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo, George Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Kimfa S Marbaniang, former MLA HDR Lyngdoh and others. supporters of the Congress party.
Shillong, November 18: The 410 meter long road from Lower Lumparing to Laban was inaugurated by Sanbor Shullai MLA today.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Dr Mukul Sangma, who won the MLA election from Songsak and Ampati constituencies, today handed over his resignation letter as MLA of Ampati to the Speaker of the House. Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the State Legislative Assembly.
Other sources said that the letter will be sent today to all the political parties whom the government should invite to the meeting to discuss the uranium issue.
Today, after an emergency meeting, the leaders decided to call a 22-hour curfew from 8 pm on 1st July 2013 to 2nd August 2013 due to the government's silence on these three issues. who need a church in the whole of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The National Tobacco Control Program (COTPA) was held today under the chairmanship of Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal in the presence of other officers including The meeting discussed the issue of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government on 30th June 2008 banning the smoking of cigarettes in public places. .
The march started from St. Clair Higher Secondary School and ended at Ampati Market.
The demand of the parties in the MDA government to remove James is based on allegations of illegal coal mining in Meghalaya.
Marak, Kilbert G. Momin and Danisha D. Sangma are from Samanda and Williamnagar respectively.
There will be special prizes for the youngest and oldest runners.
He said that the UDP wants to have unity.
If it is found that there are still those who have been arrested, they shall not be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Nailar 6: As part of the demand of the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC)-Sumer Circle, to repair and upgrade the road passing through four villages including Pala, Kseh, Sumer Circle, Muknoor and Khannar.
The donation was led by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Phril Lawriniang, Vice.
The time has come when the work of the GDSs is no longer limited to carrying letters but they have to do all the office work as if they were in the office.
Four Advisers and 14 Executive Members were also elected. The President of SSM, Bah Pynshaibok Diengdoh, congratulated the Rangbah Shnong and the Executive Members who were willing to attend the event. He also urged all the newly elected members to take part in any activities that the Seng Samla needs and not to be proud of their positions but to work together. for the good of the whole community.
If the Central Government recognizes that Meghalaya falls under the Constitution of the country, the Central Government should pass those laws as intended.
On the incident ha Jaiaw on Tuesday evening, Bah Adelbert said, “If it happens in my constituency, I don't believe that there will be truth to that mess, but this is the way politics and dirty games are believed by others.
“We don't have the opportunity to go anywhere else to study because the deadline for admission to other colleges is coming to an end and we have tried to meet with the government officials in charge of this matter but they have refused,” he said. state that they cannot do anything.
“This extension has no benefit for the time and for that reason it would be better to forgive the debts of all the farmers,” he said.
I want the people to understand why we protest when someone has dissolved the Lok Ayukta.
We also urge the Longkmie, VDP, Village Youth Association and various political parties to come forward so that we can eradicate evil in the area.
The Child Development Project Officer (CDPO) Mairang and Mawthadraishan in collaboration with the BDO office of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block in collaboration with the BDO Office of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block All the villages in the Eastern Khasi Hills District.
Police have arrested the suspect and investigation is ongoing to find out the facts of the rape.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Principal of Niangbri School, Ri Bhoi District today announced that there will be no admission for Class XI for the year 2019-2
Bah Shangpliang said that all the female prisoners have been detained together in the same room but according to the allocation there are only 5 prisoners and what are the measures to be taken to clean up the detention center for women? Hek said the government will immediately take action for the women prisoners to build two rooms only for the women prisoners.
The PHC also provides services to about 40 villages including the Raid Nongtung and even the villages on the border with Assam.
Allegedly, Bah Nongtraw said, “If Bah Tynsong claims that it is only a ploy to intimidate the HNLC leaders, does this mean that if The Chairman and the General Secretary have received an arrest warrant, cannot the Government interfere because of the division of powers between the State Government and the Court?  If the Government itself cannot do anything, it appears that it is a shrimp that has not been prepared.
The Municipal has also directed the hotels and restaurants to ensure that the garbage is separated from the storage area and handed over to the garbage trucks.
We must strengthen the party,” he added.
On the 26th, the training organizers including village leaders Risa Pakshang and Barly Suting, BiraJ Chakraborty from Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan and many residents took part in the Republic Day celebration.
The union wants to know how within six months the MBOSE has been able to read the manuscripts sent by many publishers for various levels of education.
Under this scheme, all households in the state will benefit unlike the previous scheme where government employees did not benefit.
“As far as I know, we can extend the term of office of the District Council but it should be on the basis of an emergency,” said the Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh. interacting with the media.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah FM Dopth, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, said that the Sports Department has allocated funds from the State Government without any discrimination. He said that the players should have three disciplines, the first is obedience, self-discipline. and the third spirit to build up one another as a household.
Nongstoin Indian National Congress GABRIEL WAHLANG (WINNER), 33.
Bah H Sangriang, one of the prominent residents of the area, said that the inability of UCIL to appoint a doctor in the area has put the people in trouble. At that time, if you wanted to get a birth certificate, you had to go to Nongstoin.
The office bearers of the KSU Diengpasoh Unit are Akness Kharsati as President, Iaikyrmen Kharumnuid as General Secretary, Sankupar Mukhim as Vice President. and 15 other officers.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha demanding that the government should return the royalty. Musur, which has collected from mineral resources such as coal and Mawshun, the union alleged that this collection by the state government is illegal.
“We don't know whether the District Authorities keep records of the names of those who have registered in Aadhhar.
There were 233 men and 129 women participants from all over the world. Among the men, Bah Wahlang ranked 114th in the world and among the Indians. he took part, said the first.
Shillong, July 16: The search for 13 persons has been launched since the day it was reported that 13 persons were trapped inside a coal mine at Lumtharai in East Jaintia Hills District. There are 15 people in the coal mine.
Shillong, November 11: The Dorbar Shnong of Wahthapbroo Village on 08th November 2018, has unanimously elected a new Rangbah Shnong, Bah Jopmiky Rymbai and five office bearers. the village council and one member of the dorbar.
On the other hand, the residents said that the cleaning of the road will be done only after the rainy season as it is the rainy season.
The JAC, after hearing that there are two elders from the area who will contest the MLA election in 2018, has convened a meeting of the elders of the area on 15th July. 2017 in Nongumsur where the JAC has invited Bah Airmarhsal Diengan and Bah Pious Marwein to speak face to face to clarify the issue of this election.
The BJP Meghalaya Mahila Morcha on Saturday strongly condemned the rape of an indigenous woman in Belgavi, Karnataka.
East Garo Hills SP Davis Marak said they raided the area after receiving a tip that the leader of the rebel group was in the area.
This is for the betterment of the culture of the people.
When asked whether he will join the Congress government, Hoping said there is no problem for the HSPDP to be in the government if the Chief Minister can give assurance to resolve the border issue. of Assam.
Police have taken the child to one of the hospitals in Shillong for treatment.
There is a system of conflict resolution that has existed for thousands of years through the perspective of society.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Himalaya M Shangpliang and George B Lyngdoh regarding the coal mining factories in the state, said: There are 21 Houses of Parliament in the state.
There are 39 recoveries, 3 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 10 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South Garo Hills and 24 cases from West Garo Hills.
C.Kyndiah in which he was informed about these problems faced by the students as well as their parents.
She obtained 527 marks and distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Hindi.
The power plant was supposed to be completed by 2020 but due to the COVID-19 positive cases, it has been suspended until now. not only from Tura but also from the surrounding villages.
Shillong, July 16: Although the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State has been scheduled to be held on the 23rd of June, many of the people in different constituencies in the state have not yet received their results. thep vote for them.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell to demand that the word “Trai” should be placed on the land titles. the word “Bat”.
Shillong, November 09: The government has decided to open four PWD Divisions besides Mawphlang, Dadenggre, Kharkutta and Dadenggre, Kharkutta and Mawphlang. Mowshynrut.
Over 25 athletes from across India, including strong contingents from Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, and Meghalaya, competed fiercely.
The schemes to be announced are Pradhan Mantri Ujwala Scheme, Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Scheme, Jan Dhan Scheme, Pradhan Mantri Awas Scheme, Ujala Scheme, Rural Electrification, Jan Aushadhi Scheme, Pradhan Mantri Krishi, Fasaldhaan Manjna Scheme Yojna, Beti Bachao-Beti Padhao, Sukanya Samridhi Yojna, Swachh Bharat Mission, UDAN, and others.
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that in the year 2005-2006, the North Eastern Council had sent a thorough survey on the availability of medicinal plants in East and West Khasi Hills Districts. Similarly, in Ri Bhoi District, the inspection found that there are 57 types of herbal medicines in these areas.
It is because of this that many diseases to withdraw the money are excluded as many members are leaving the scheme before completing 6 months of investment.
Other sources said that these ministers who have been sworn in may serve for two and a half years and then there will be a change in which new ministers will join the government. now.
Through this victory, Combined won T.13,000/- and Nongrah won T.7000/-, while Mawsiatkhnam won T.1 /- and Umrynjah T.500/- was distributed by MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Embhah Syiemlieh as the chief guest, along with Secretary General Gervasis Kharmujai, who is the candidate for the MDC election this year. The United Democratic Party (UDP), the leaders of the club and the people of the area.
Shylla is the only mother who has registered to contest the election.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs has informed the four MPs from North East that he will convene another meeting to discuss how to do for the liberation of Meghalaya from the CAB. Shillong, November 12: U Bah Karnes Sohshang MDC of Mawkyrwat today launched the Constitution of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) at a meeting held at the Shillong Press Club.
It is understood from the speech in the video that the man is from this state and lives in Pynthorumkrah and there was no objection to him coming but the video shows that there was no objection. to check the entry and exit of the State as announced by the Government.
The purpose of running this train is to allow the people who visit this place during the rainy season to travel and this is an old train which has been well maintained to make it famous in this place. place.
This is because the bank does not offer jobs in this area.
It is to be recalled that Dr. Joram Beda IAS, Commissioner and Secretary Health and Family Welfare Department has sent a letter No.NAM-MSAS/Recruit/Ayush-Hosp/09/2024/3
Shillong, July 18: U Bah Kynpham Syiem, 49, of Dangngar, Shillong, was shot dead by unidentified persons on Tuesday night.
The Central Government does not fund these TRIs in the States.
Dr Shyam said that initially he had one idea for the whole region, but when he came to this area and the North East of India, he found that the people of this neighborhood and area are intelligent and it is different from what he thinks.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in reply to a question by Winnerson D Sangma on the proposal to build more Civil Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and Sub Centres. , on the other hand, the Minister said that at present there is no plan to build new health centres.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla Wilfred Sohphoh, Publicity Secretary, ICYM Shillong Archdiocese.
Let us first look at the fruit that falls inside.
The AITIC has already announced the candidates from all 60 constituencies and 59 candidates have qualified to contest.
Referring to the market for this dewbilat, he said that as it is now, there is no problem and the price is according to the market price and most of the buyers are private individuals. you shallan to government departments.
Shillong, July 25: The retreat of the Meghalaya Police from the temporary camp at Psiar Village to Sahsniang Village shows that the State Government has turned its back on the Assam Government.
FCI,PWD, PHE, Shillong Municipal Board, Public Works, Telecom and IT, Petrol Pumps, Newspapers, Food Sector, Shops that should supply goods to the Government from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and government employees who are not on duty.
NEHU also celebrated the 142nd birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. Shillong, March 21: To commemorate the 29th death anniversary of the child king of Nongstoin Hima, Syiem Wickliffe Syiem, today the Hynniewtrep National Youth Council (HYC) ) has donated a car map inside Umsaw Mawjynrong.
The Minister also talked to the farmers on ensuring the delivery of money from PM KISAN without any interruption and directed the relevant authorities in the state to remove any what is the problem faced by the farmers.
In this regard, the union invites all teachers from different districts of the state to attend a meeting to be held on the 3rd of this month in Shillong to discuss the same issue. This is according to a statement issued by Bah H Marbaniang GS of Kaseng.
There were 40 participants in their respective categories. Langpen won the title of 'Mr.Meghalaya 2013'
Bernard N Marak of the BJP MDC from Tura has won by four votes against the Congress candidate.
The Congress MDCs said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a letter on 27/10/2019 to the Chief Secretary of the State to inform the MDCs about this meeting. Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Border Security Force (BSF) is not only guarding the border with the Border Security Force (BSF) in Delhi. and Bangladesh but has also participated in many development projects in relation to the people living on the border.
The lack of salary for the remaining 12 months has affected the families of the employees of the office to fulfill many household chores.
Shillong, March 15: Police of West Garo Hills District on receiving a tip have raided Nikikona village on suspicion of militants in the area.
“Other states also want this as it will pave the way for more development grants and increase the number of seats.
It seems that the government can prevent the spread of COVID-19 but if we cannot be vigilant, the health situation will deteriorate.
On the part of the District, Samla Biangbor L.Paliar, President of the District, said that since the days when the Umrynjah Unit announced their intention, the District has felt the need to support them. They have asked the department to carry out this task and to move forward and if they encounter any problems, the State is ready to be with them.
Answering a supplementary question, Em, who is in charge of fish farming within the KHADC, said that according to the estimates, the KHADC has spent up to T.25 lakh to build fish ponds. .
The group has completed a tour of Kerala.
It would be foolish to oppose after we have accepted this road along with the rules for uranium mining and this will be part of the victory of UCIL before it wins by mining uranium from Ri Khasi.
The Government will now do its duty to ensure that this recommendation can be implemented to curb the entry of foreigners.
New Delhi, November 03: The Lang Acquisition Bill, renamed the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill,
The Commissioner's Office of the Transport Department said that other rules remain the same, according to a statement from the Office of the Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government.
Sanbor Shullai has donated the money through the Discretionary Grant for the year 2020-2021. The meeting was held at the residence of the MLA. to T.1,50,000/- lakh in total.
In his speech, the Lamphang urged all those who witnessed the program to take responsibility to develop the district by making it a Model District. others want to follow.
As they could not march as announced, they held a meeting near Shillong Law College. Enlang said that if the money has not reached the accounts of the students, they will not believe because it was promised but not done. until they have stirred up the people.
Baphira Nongdhar, a farmer of the village, said that she used to work as a teacher in a private school but left this job in
Before 1973, the State Government had talked to the Central Government that the coal mining industry in the State should not be stopped or banned. pork water very small operations.
Regarding the assistance to the victims, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government and Assam can also provide assistance to the families of the victims. tragic event.
Golda Liza Nengnong Managing Director, said that the purpose of bringing them to this day is to give them special training even if it is only a little bit because what they teach the youth can try.
The ADG of BSF also met with Brigadier General Md. Sahidul Islam, Regional Commander of Sarial, Border Guard of Bangladesh and other army chiefs to discuss the issues related to the situation. Bangladesh and Meghalaya.
The non-inclusion of stories of resistance movements against British rule of the region in history books and textbooks led to the belief that the northeast played no part in the freedom struggle, he added .
In the shooting by the BSF troops, three bullets on the body of the driver of the truck were from the head and neck. of the BSF have not yet provided any explanation.
She said adding that everyone can now see the collaboration of individuals and private groups with the Government to invest in space and technology related projects.
We want to see that the JHADC should not sleep all day in relation to the Trading License but should wake up and do its own job.
Shillong, Niaiwieng 30: With the aim of promoting the film industry in the Khasi language, the Khasi Film Producers Association Day has been established to award those who have done well in their filmmaking.
More than 1 crore people have been screened for sickle cell disease under the National Sickle Cell Anaemia Elimination Mission.
Shillong, March 12: The Minister of State for Forests, James K Sangma today said that the government has appointed a special committee to look into the pollution from coal mines. you report.
This ceremony was held after the planting of rice and this ritual was to pray for a good harvest from the crops that they have already planted. completed by the elders.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Ministry of Education today announced that for unavoidable reasons, the teachers' honor ceremony scheduled to be held at Yojana Bhavan Auditorium has been postponed to Public School Laitumkhrah.
The seized sugar was handed over to the Gasuapara Police Station for further investigation.
“We as journalists are ready to support you in the good things you are trying to do.
The Food and Beverage Department has written to the government to request permission to purchase sugarcane to distribute to the people but the government has not yet sent any letter to the government. The Ministry of Food and Beverages has decided whether to suspend the purchase or not.
The purpose of the British Government at that time when issuing this notice was to prevent other people from entering and leaving the North East of India and after independence the Government India has accepted the Act and will continue to implement it.
Titosstarwell said that during his inspection of the documents at the District Council, he did not find any documents that the KHADC had issued to the railway departments of the Government of India. The state government has written to the KHADC 39 times to remind them of the NOC for the construction of the railway line. The CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has not yet accepted the NOC while the land owners and civil society have not accepted the railway line at Byrnihat.
In her speech, Roshan Warjri urged the UALA members who came today not to look back but to look forward.
In the final category in the Junior Boy's Kyorugi category under 45 kg, Ravi Kumar Rai of East Khasi Hills defeated Areyo M. Sangma of East Garo Hills to win the gold medal. West Garo Hills and Samir Chetri won the bronze medals.
It now supplies shynraiLakadong to more than 15 states in the country.
Shillong, July 15: The Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CoHSO) in Meghalaya today held a meeting with the leaders of various political parties. decided to hold public meetings to discuss the opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Referring to the demand for leadership within the Congress party, he said he did not want to say anything because this is the internal affairs of the Congress party and it is up to the Congress leadership to resolve it.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Minister in charge of Rural Development today laid the foundation stone of the new DRDA office at the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
that the District Council and the State Government should urgently enact Village Acts as part of the Village Authorities' allowance.
In the first phase, the campaign was a success, with more than 2.33 lakh Shilaphalakam created in 36 States and UTs, nearly 4 crore downloads of the PanchPran campaign, and more than 2 lakh Vandan's Veeron program is available throughout the country.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Friday awarded the Padma Shri to Silbi Passah in the field of Arts at a function in New Delhi.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Congress party has been in turmoil over the allegations that some party members have given their support to Rev PBM Basaiawmoit. AICC where the leaders from Delhi cannot listen.
These things have no meaning in this world.
Sohra, March 12: Speaking as the chief guest at the 175th Anniversary of TWA Presbyterian Lower School, Sohra. “We should not rely on special allocation, because we are in this age of competition, this is the message I send to all the students of the state,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit will award the prizes to the students who have passed well in their examinations in the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate examinations for the year it will be limited to those who have scored 60% and above.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DC of East Jaintia Hills District said that they have now refused to send information through the media so that the family members can know so that they can come to work. The body is still in the hospital.
The lunar calendar was explained by Bah Spiton Kharakor according to the customs of the farmers.
KHNAM has met with the Chairman of the HLC to inform him on this issue and KHNAM feels that the office will listen to this request for the benefit of all.
Shillong, July 29: The Executive Committee led by Benedic Marak today lost the no confidence vote in the House by two votes.
He added that through the ILP, the rights of the minorities in Meghalaya will not be affected and will help them to develop themselves and not have to fight on the streets to demand their rights. you can't beat.
Police have tried their best to help take the injured to hospital. Police are investigating whether it was a collision or not. The deceased were identified as Mahesh Deori, 25, of Assam, Dumar Karki, 25, of Nepal, Muhamad Rehaman, 25, of Nepal.
When discussing this issue, it was suggested that this day should be created, to come out and stop trucks on the road is meaningless. The coal will be beneficial to the traders and to the state.
Shillong, July 19: “We have discussed within the Executive Committee to give jait to Shynrang, but no decision has been taken,” said Rano Khymdeit.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Khasi Author Society (KA) has strongly supported the demand of the Khasi Author Society to include the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He said that he has already sent his resignation letter as Vice Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee. Dr Mukul's state.
The incumbent Chief Secretary MS Rao has already reached the age of 60 years and should have retired. The government will announce the new Chief Secretary, he said. the state.
It is on these grounds that the residents of the village came today to demand that the KHADC should resolve this issue within 15 days. They went back to KHADC to demand their rights.
There are a lot of states in the region that got into the country’s rail activities first and there are attempts to expand opportunities through waterfronts too.
“The arrangement will be handed over to the NHIDCL and it will take the final decision,” he said.
In his speech, Samla Egenstar said that as a young man who has faced many difficulties and challenges when standing to help the poor, the villagers, the farmers, the students, the unemployed youth. Shilliang's terrible face of corruption has accused and rule by force has no place for the people.
He said that there is no law on political parties in the districts.
Jubi G Momin SP of F&ES has been transferred and appointed as Commandant of 6MLP Battalion Umran.
These are cardiovascular diseases, diseases affecting the blood vessels and poor blood circulation which leads to a lack of oxygen in the brain, diseases affecting the respiratory system, diseases of the lungs, asthma, asthma. , tuberculosis (TB), diseases of the vocal cords of various kinds, cancer of the lungs and throat.
According to the latest news, this happened at 12:15 pm on Sunday at Kynroh taxi stand in Nongstoiñ township while Bah Macborn was on his way. to leave for the residence in Nongstioñ.
Police suspect that this is not the case and have arrested three persons.
The funeral service of Indira will be held on 15/01/2024 at the Presbyterian Church in Diengpasoh. for shibaje is not the day.
The gelatin sticks weighing 112.5 kilograms, 5900 detonators and 133 meters of detonating cord were recovered from seven plates. inside the car.
Shillong, July 27: The MLA of Nongkrem Constituency will resign from his post on the 30th of this month and on the same day he will also resign from the United Democratic Party.
Hopefully this year's celebration of Environment Day on the 5th July on the theme “Beat Air Pollution”, how to get clean air to breathe will be truly meaningful and meaningful. to enter into the minds of all of us for our own benefit in the days and times to come not just to celebrate by forgetting all those trees we plant but to take care of them and also to protect the forests that do not exist by refraining from destroying or burning them.
Among the famous singers who have been threatened by the ULFA, Zubin Garg from Assam has ignored the order of the rebel group and continued to sing. Hindi songs that you have composed.
“Is it reasonable to close all the shops and force them to sleep without food,” he said. announcement.
The management of this ambulance said that the ambulance has solved the problem of sending those in need of emergency treatment to better and more adequate health facilities like Shillong and lane. kit that is not in sad events.
At first, he started planting “Karimunda”, a small variety of sweet potatoes, which produces larger sweet potatoes.
On the other hand, the NGEA in GHADC has prohibited the CEM from withdrawing money except for the purpose of running the office so that the office can pay the salaries of the employees.
Many of the teachers are in trouble and urge the government to send them for treatment even abroad. This is what they said today at this meeting.
Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said that the claim that there is no uranium deposit in the uranium mine is the biggest lie of all.
At this Fish Processing Unit, through the latest technology, it will be possible to produce tungtap which will be sold in various markets across the state.
On the same day, the Governor also unveiled a portrait of Sardar Vallabhai Patel, while the Queen of the Governor, Anuradha Roy unveiled a portrait written by the members of the Riti Academy, Samla Skhemlang Hynniewta. and Denis Marbaniang.
Therefore, the party invites all the paradoh parasnam from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep to take part in this public meeting as part of conveying to the Central Government that the indigenous people of Meghalaya have one voice. Together with all the indigenous people of the North East, we oppose this bill which aims to discriminate against and exterminate the indigenous people of Meghalaya.
Since the spread of fake news and misinterpretation has been a still bigger problem with the passage of time in functioning democracies around the world, this move by the ECI is an attempt to ensure that electors have access to verified and correct information during the selection process.
New Delhi, November 08: The Ministry of Rural Development has launched the PradhanMantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) as a special once-in-a-lifetime initiative to bring about road connectivity in rural areas.
Speaking on the occasion, the SP said that the police will arrest more members in the coming days. I will search diligently until I find you.
Shillong, Lber 31: The RBYDSO, one of the leading political parties in Ri Bhoi District, has taken a decision at its General Council meeting held on the 29th of this month. The meeting was held to elect its office bearers for the term of office from 2014 to 2016, but due to the absence of all the members who were supposed to attend the election of the new office bearers of the Various departments including Zones, Circles and Units of the party have been suspended.
The party said that in its Office Memorandum dated 28th June, 1974, it has opened the door for applicants from outside the state to apply for the vacancies reserved for Garo.
Narendra Modi has been appointed Prime Minister of India by exercising the powers conferred on him under Article (1) of the Constitution of India.
Consumption of unsafe drinking water has had a positive impact on health and society.
Police have done everything possible and the investigation into the fire is ongoing.
The order was issued after receiving a complaint from the Sutgna Youth Association of the Hima that some traders have taken advantage of the exchange of money from old to new, even though the banks They should have distributed the money to the people but it was said that there are those who hold these newly distributed money and this has put the people in trouble in paying the bills.
Those who attended the function included Bah Roni Wahlang, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Dr A Kharduit, Dr in-charge Mawkynrew PHC and staff, Chairman of the Union of Hynniewtrep Sordars, Bah Peter J Lawai. The meeting was also attended by the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Klin Kharsati, Chairman BDMC, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, who conducted the meeting. even.
In the hours when the fire trucks entered Thana Road, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) blocked all the vehicles from entering Khyndai Lad.
On the occasion, it was said that the Government of India should clarify the IOA, not only the Government of India but the District Councils and the State Government should also clarify this issue. There were 25 kingdoms of the Khasi chiefs.
Speaking at the meeting, Commander Shangpliang said that the goal of the party is not only to fight for the implementation of the demands sent by the party to the government, but also to train the farmers on how to to cultivate new crops according to this technology, to create other sources of income through and especially to think for the marketing of the products produced by the farmers.
At a meeting held at HK Singh School, Jowai, the DC of West Jaintia Hills Hills District congratulated the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) for helping and supporting the SHGs. the goods that are produced by themselves.
: A youth from Japorigog village in Assam, Ranjit Das, has committed suicide after drowning while swimming in the Umtrew River in Byrnihat area. Ri Bhoi District.
Daphi Syiem, Information and Publicity Officer in charge of the Tourism Department, said the Meghalaya government through the Tourism Policy 2012 has launched schemes for those who wish to do so.
Shillong, March 06: The National Institute of Technology (NIT) Meghalaya today held a ceremony to honor the students who have completed their studies from the National Institute of Technology (NIT) Meghalaya.
On behalf of the District authorities, they would like to thank the Village of Nongkynjeng for their cooperation.
MLAs and Ministers including Kyrmen Shylla, AL Hek, HM Shangpliang and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar who watched half of the film did not finish it. praise the beauty of the film 9-Lad.
According to the World Health Organization, this is all due to the lack of services available and many other barriers to everyday life.
Besides, there is also the story of Puriskam which contains a lesson for human beings, the story of the shempap ​​of the Shijur ki Rangli, Shing and Lak who mention the tympew and the shun together with Nik Mahajon who mentions the kwai. , in how they died on the stairs of their husbands just because of the difference in wealth in society.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is a message sent by the Union Home Minister through him to inform the political parties.
“This play by the government to the people of Wapung area has put the people of Wapung area in a state of shock,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body.
Boney Jyrwa, in an interview with this reporter, said that while he was leaving the parking lot at MUDA, he saw a drug dealer.
They have also sent the rules to start working from the morning of 18th June
On the 9th, they honored the promise of the DC. The public meeting of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang on 28/05/2014 did not invite us to the meeting.
Dr. Ampareen and her husband, Bah Fantin Joseph Lakdong, on hearing of the stone throwing, went outside and another man shouted threats at the minister and the man. and he took the sword, which was seen by my husband.
In the last 9 years several steps have been taken to enhance power generation capacities.
The opening ceremony of the festival under the auspices of the KHADC was very successful and many people from all over the Khasi Hills came to take part in the festival. With the participation of different kingdoms, such as dances, traditional music and others, in the form of games, and these programs in this day. The sun has stirred up the crowd of spectators especially the foreign tourists, and this shows that the Khasi people still remember their customs and traditions.
Shillong, March 28: A photo exhibition cum outreach program was held at St Francis D'Assissi College, Siejlieh, Nongstoinka today on the occasion of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, 8 years of Seva, Sushasan & Garib Kalyan.
Shillong, March 12: There are 93 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 47 cases in West Khasi Hills and 37 cases in West Khasi Hills. , the total number of cases is
Upon arrival at the Police Headquarters, Shillong on Tuesday morning, the Police Department welcomed Kong Idashisha Nongrang and after that she held a meeting with the Police Officers to discuss the issue. relating to the implementation of chess activities within the department.
He also received the Kaushalacharya Award for the year 2019-2
The union demands that the government should arrest all those involved in this incident and not just the 8 persons because according to the video clippings it is clear that hundreds of thousands of people were involved.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Umsawlum Village Council is a great joy and blessing to the MDC of Umsawlum Village Council, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. for many years to get a paved road that will facilitate the movement of the people.
"If the Government of India is delayed in taking action, it shows that the Government of India is not pushing for the welfare of the people of the North East and the people of Manipur but is focusing only on the resources," he said. “This is a warning to the Government of India if they want to alienate the people of the North East from India, it is in the hands of the Government of India, they should do it now, or the time can be delayed.
The Minister of Forests, Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rumbui was the chief guest on this occasion. The day was held to educate the public about the richness of the forests in the state and how to to preserve them.
The Seng also invites all the children, youth, women's organizations, government employees and other political parties who are not part of the 14 organizations to attend the meeting. day.
On the other hand, the government will try to run this railway line, as the government feels that there should be a railway line to Byrnihat for the benefit of the state. Especially during this COVID-19 pandemic, it has made it difficult to transport food items.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Madanriting Unit (HYC) Shillong, in a statement, said that it is deeply saddened by the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the state especially in Shillong. In these days, in the Madanriting area, the residents of the village have found that they have not followed the rules and regulations issued by the Government.
In 2010, the Central Government had promised to set up a Central Agricultural University on the site by requesting 200 acres of land from the State Government. The State Government has provided.
He also congratulated the DAVP for organizing such competitions which have been of great benefit to the school children as well as to other talented people.
Shillong, March 12: The Synod College has held a two-day seminar on the topic of religion, education and politics. in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Meghalaya Police, after conducting a thorough investigation, have released the names of nine arms dealers who have been arrested in the past few days. their.
He said the party will soon announce its candidates for the MLA elections in the state. What remains now is for the Parliamentary Board of the BJP to take a decision under the leadership of the Minister. the country of India.
There are 31 students who have taken admission in this first batch in Science.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday demanded that the Government should provide the necessary materials for the conduct of the Central University Entrance Test (CUET).
U PK Dubey IG of BSF, said that in this era there is unemployment in any part of the country and this is a major struggle in the society and this unemployment has led to unemployment. to the young men, that they may not go astray.
Although there has been awareness and expression of concerns from the villages, there are heavy vehicles who do not really believe in this.
The equipment to be purchased through this MP scheme are Ventilators, Masks, Preventive Suits, Testing Kids and other necessities according to the understanding of the Director of Health Services.
Police have arrested Thangsiammawia Paite, 25, of Zuangtui, Aizwal, from him and seized a mobile, an ATM card and a cash. The case was registered at the Khliehriat Police Station.
Shillong, Lber 05: U Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today inaugurated the Lakroh Mini Hydel Project. of West Jaintia Hills District.
The same reply was given to the demand of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh regarding the allocation of funds for sports activities. of the government on the share that the KHADC should receive.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Cabinet meeting held today in Jowai has approved the appointment of 290 personnel in nine colleges in Meghalaya, formerly known as Community Colleges. but now it was transferred to the People's College.
As Meghalaya relies on agriculture for its income, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has promised that the Government of Meghalaya has taken a decision. to make trade between the two states peaceful and orderly to allow the people of Assam to come and trade to buy agricultural products from Assam without any restrictions. feeling chicken.
On the other hand, the teachers will continue their strike if the government does not do anything on their demand.
Jowai, July 22: The Jowai National Council (JNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of electricity supply to nine villages in East Jaintia Hills District.
“We are pleased that after many years of working together, we have been able to get this rule, which can protect us from the illegal entry of foreigners. from the bar to the State".
Bringing peace and stability in the village is the top priority of the government.
At the meeting to explain about these EVMs and VVPATs, the CEO said that there is a difference between those who have been destroyed and those who have been destroyed. They have received complaints regarding election matters and this meeting is to give them an understanding as lawyers.
Shillong, Lber 12: BSF troops in the past two days have seized 96 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh from different parts of the state on the border with the country. The incident occurred in Miringgipara area of ​​South West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Diocese of Shillong on Tuesday inaugurated and consecrated the new Parish Priest of Mary Our Help Christian Mawpdang.
Dr Ivonne M Sangma, District Health Officer, Corona Care Centre, said that the establishment of the Corona Care Center is still new in operation and for this reason the mock drill was conducted to teach how to use the Corona Care Centre. and if there be any sickness.
Police have set up a special police team and after collaboration with Assam police, Arabindra was released from Karimganj and Nurul Haque of Ramkrishna Nagar Karimganj was arrested. district.
The Chief Minister said that he is pleased to see that the construction of the power plant has gone smoothly and wants to complete it on time for the benefit of the people of the state and especially the people of Garo Hills will not receive electricity from this area.
NAM and others.
Shillong, June 14: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today expressed its anger against the ACHIK which has vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court of India if the Meghalaya government does not continue to implement the The Roster System has been implemented since
According to Altria, Njoy's e-cigarettes help users reduce their exposure to harmful chemicals from traditional cigarettes, the FDA said. .The agency stressed that these types of cigarettes are not safe or have received “FDA approval", and anyone who has never smoked should not use them.
This is not the first time that they have demanded this, it has been demanded for a long time.
Therefore, the District Council should do the same for the peace of all.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has sought all the means to attract the children to come to school by providing them with lunch, uniforms and many other activities to encourage the children. they don't come to school.
He said the Committee will soon conduct a joint inspection with the Regional Committee from Assam to learn more about the situation in the border villages of Langpih.
The Bank of India, North East Small Finance Bank, UCO Bank, Jowai Co-operative Urban Bank, IDBI Bank, Union Bank, Canara Bank have also suspended financial services such as Mahindra & Mahindra Finance, Cholamandalam Finance and IndusInd Bank. .
Regarding this incident, the residents of Thyllaw village, Nongrim Warding and Mawdiengkhied, have lodged a complaint with the Mawsynram PS to take action.
“Of course, the NH-6 has now become more convenient for the traffic compared to the previous NH-44 since the NHAI took over it.
Shillong, Nailur 05: To intensify the protest, JACATAM has called for a three-day strike in schools across the state from the 11th to the 13th of this month. .
Speaking to reporters, BJP National Secretary Asha Lakra, who arrived in Shillong today, said that the MDA government has done many things in the last five years under the leadership of Narendra Modi. Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
Commenting on the recent incident, KHNAM said, “Looking at the incident on 4th November 23, it is sad that the law enforcement agencies don't care about the people who walk along the road. they don't know anything.
All the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to hold a fair to exchange money so that those who have 2,000 tyngka can exchange it for 50,000 tyngka. that hat.
Meanwhile, the KSU Marshan Unit has distributed foodgrains to 15 poor households in Umdohlun village.
When asked to ensure that there is no incident, they said that these people who came to protest are not their members and do not recognize them. The District Administration has been responsible for the use of police forces.
The award is divided into three parts, the Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak and the Uttam Jeevan Raksha. Award and the Life Protection Award.
On the same day, after talking to the Superintendent, HANM has learned that there are many shortcomings of the CHC Mairang such as the Ambulance. Many times while the ambulance is on duty , there are cases where ambulances are urgently needed for the patients Therefore, the Seng strongly requests the Government authorities in charge of health to look into this CHC Mairang.
In her welcome speech, Samla Ibalarilang Khongsni congratulated all the Rangbah Shnong and the Youth Wing and said that Samla Heavenes Star Mawkon from Nongjri Village has participated in this programme. It is a sign of unity and once again calls upon us to be united in any good work in the community.
A Chinese worker at the Dasu Hydropower Project in Upper Kohistan, Pakistan, has been arrested by police after he was accused of blasphemy.
In his speech, NPP leader Sniawbhalang said that the NPP is the party of the people and not the party of the people. The income of the state has been severely affected from the farmers to the self-employed.
In the men's category, Dipankar Mech from Assam won the title of Champion of the Champions, while in the women's category, Yogesh Choudhury from Haryana won the title.
In terms of the first, the PMMY has benefited all sections of Indian society: General, Schedule Caste/ST (SC/ST) and Other Backward Classes (OBCs).
New Delhi, November 30: A Memorandum of Settlement was signed between the Government of India, the Government of Assam and members of the United Liberation Front of Assam in the presence of Defense Minister and Union Cooperation Minister Amit Shah. (ULFA), in New Delhi, today.
Br Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Director-Academics, Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, informed about the results of this season.
Four people were injured and one died, three vehicles were burnt and about 10 shops were destroyed.
The State Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah David Kharsati, today said that the names of the MLA candidates for the BJP Meghalaya State Unit will be released on Tuesday. Jymmang 05: Total 106 candidates have registered today for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 27th of this month.
After a short break in the second half, Ngundilang SC struggled to score the third goal in the 68th minute.
Also present on the occasion was Bah P Ryngksai Joint Director, Education.
The meeting was led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States. U Bah Pdianghun Dkhar, General Secretary, Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, said that the people of Rangbah Shnongs and Dolloi are concerned about the environment. The petition is in three parts. The petition is in three parts.
The Commandant of CRPF, 67-Bn Alok Bhatachejee welcomed the guests and opened the opening ceremony.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: 400 office bearers have been selected to work for the smooth running of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which will start on the 10th and end on the 16th of this month. things will go smoothly.
Another point that the group finds is that this Bill undermines the system of village governance which has existed since ancient times in Ri Khasi and in the Garo Hills as a whole.
“I also want to raise the youth of the nation, many people are being treated badly especially in the rural areas because no one looks after them after they have won the election. “It's a sad thing when it's like this,” said Kong Shylla.
The appointment of the Commission by the Governor of Meghalaya in that year, has made it clear that the Governor of Meghalaya has the view that it is necessary to strengthen the work of the Commission. District Councils in their work.
He urged the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure that there should be a distance from each other, if the children go outside to play it will be difficult to follow the rules to keep a distance.
Former President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Samla Samuel B Jyrwa who is also the Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO) said that in the 35 years of service of the KSU to the society. They have sacrificed their lives to fight against the violence and it is on this basis that the KSU was founded. Even now, it has to fight against the government or others against violence whether in the protection of the land or in the trade of inheritance.
However, in the midst of all this, he passed away as a rangsatar without being punished at all.
This was led by the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, in the struggle for independence from the British which began in April
The Prime Minister has directed the farmers to register for FOCUS assistance before 4th November
This also ensures that there is no interruption in the process of administering medicines.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Electricity, NEHUSU President Ready June Nongbsap said that the meeting was held after the students. They had a lot of trouble preparing for their exams.
The term of office of the Rajya Sabha MPs from Assam will end on July
The Yoga competition was held under the guidance of teacher Bah Promeyoo Khongjirem in the presence of the president of the organization Bah Dmuising Khongjirem, office bearers, youth of the village and children who came to take part in the training. sun.
NO.PER(AR).238/87/21.
Furthermore, the Work Permit is a statewide law and should be strictly enforced in foreign countries.
The Civil Hospital said that they will keep the body for three days and if no one comes to work, the hospital will do whatever is necessary to clean it through the Shillong Municipal Board.
Yano's father works as a laborer in the Public Works Department (PWD).
They also discussed the shortage of teachers at the college, but the education department has not been able to meet the demands of the union for the improvement of the college.
On the other hand, the MLA said that this is a new method of farming in which the government wants to encourage the people because the market for this species of tree is very expensive. The Government through the Department of Horticulture is looking for ways and means to improve agriculture according to the present era.
This is the second time that Meghalaya has had a retired IPS Governor. Dr Paul has retired from the post of Delhi Police Commissioner.
Skhemborlang said that on receiving information through RTI, the Union has met with various officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. meet with the Director of Health Services.
The employment is also limited to their own employees who are imported from abroad, while the youth of the state have to go to work in many foreign factories.
Babit Kharsohnoh from Smit Mawmluh, who is studying BA 2nd Semester at Shillong College, has won a silver medal from India and is also a gold medalist.
This will also benefit those working in health care professions by enhancing their skills and practices.
The project was funded by the Ministry of Arts and Culture at a cost of T.1.5 crore.
“Furthermore, the Sadhu said that the District authorities will take action against the ruser crimes that occur from the Lum Survey.
At present, students from politicians and other groups have been taught only the spirit of self-control from the invasion of foreigners. that is what only teachers can do because they are the shapers of the future of the children.
Therefore, the present judgment is like those of the past.
The RashtriyaRaksha University is the National Security and Police University in India under the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India.
It may be recalled that the bombing by ISIS militants claimed to have taken place on Sunday, in which 290 people lost their lives and more than 500 others. Many of them were injured and many are still in hospital.
Government of India, and recently received a clear letter from Mrs Sonia Gandhi, Chairperson, National Advisory Council.
The MLPU and JCCCA will also give their opinion to the government on the Motor Vehicle Rule which the government is currently preparing. beyond.
Smit, November 17: The State Bank of India (SBA) has opened its branch in Smith, Meghalaya.
All the injured have escaped without injuries. The visit shows that the government is concerned about these incidents.
On the other hand, the youths who have passed the Jugali examination request the MeECL to distribute the appointment letters.
Police on seeing the video of the incident on 31/5/2022 immediately searched the vehicle and arrested it today.
Shillong Lajong FC is delighted to welcome back the star of the country to the club where he has been trained by the Managing Director of Shillong Lajong FC, Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan said that Rocus Lamare is the first player of the club to reach the national team.
“If the Government listens to the voices of the authorities, it means that the voice of the people of Bri u Hynniewtree has been silenced and to revive it we will take strong measures,” said the statement.
Shillong, June 05: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma on the fish industry in the state, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon, said that the state consumes 33,000 MT of fish per annum. .
“There is no decision and we will continue to meet from time to time,” he said while congratulating the Chief Minister of Assam, the CEM of KAAC and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya. Head of the Regional Committee for Jaintia Hills.
The Central Government is now preparing to implement Electronic Fund Management in all the states to pay the wages by depositing the money in the bank accounts of the employees. System”.
Your actions remind us that a strong society is a society that cares for the weak, embraces and reaches out to the weak.
There are three candidates who have received letter marks: Larisha Nongphud (Kh, H.Ed, S.St.Sc&T), Bajiedlang Marngar (S.St), Shimlin Syiem (H.Ed), Komansing Nongbsap (H.Ed, S.St.St.), S.St,H.Ed).
This is not the first time but the second time that Indian ships have been stolen by Bangladeshis in the same area.
The program was attended by government officials, Pa'iem PN Syiem, Ministers, elders, women, youth and school children who took part in sports including rongbiria. Shooting, Volleyball, Volleyball The Synjuk Seng Samla Hima has taken the first step to honor 13 students who have passed the examination. matric and XI, as part of encouraging the youth of the Hima to continue their studies in the coming years.
Gandhiji was not alone in this nationwide struggle for freedom and change.
Regarding the proposal to abolish the Constitution and allow the election of the people, what will happen if the MDCs are now elected by all the citizens of India in the KHADC? We strongly request the CEM KHADC to think carefully about the word 'u khun u khal'
The Khasi Seng usually holds this annual meeting of the Khihlang Seng and this is the meeting of the youth organizations of the Khasi Seng. session.
At the time of writing, no information has been received on the fire and no estimate of the damage has been received.
He said that the principal amount in which the government should look into it so that it will not affect the next five years for the people who earn their living by day wages.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Syiem of Mawsynram Hima has signed an agreement with the Seng Khasi Mawsynram Hima regarding the crematorium. Mawjymbuin on 5.6.2015 signed by the Syiem and Secretary of the party.
The remaining 12 items are to be launched in the near future.
The UDP leader's reply was to the Federation of Khasi State (FKS)'s request for clarification from the UDP, which was sent to the UDP on 23/0 09/2019 and the reply was received on 24/09/2
The Prime Minister said that the government alone cannot do anything. There is a need for cooperation by maintaining social distance.
The KSU wants to see the government authorities not only in words that they are against drugs but also in deeds so that they can gain the trust of the people. The villagers have never seen that the government authorities have arrested drug traffickers or drug users in the area.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday visited Ichamati village in Sohra Civil Sub-Division to hold a commemoration ceremony for the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The fourth anniversary of the death of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta who was shot dead by foreigners in Pynthaumdan (Ichamati) on the 28th June,
The union also reminded the government that the government's suspension of payment of money through PG has caused grief to many farmers who have worked hard to form PG. They also requested the CM to speak to Delhi.
The number of samples tested positive is 39553, negative is 38062 and 552 samples are awaiting results.
The truth cannot deny that the distribution of goods of any kind, without doubt, will affect all the people.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 30: The KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit in South West Khasi Hills District, under the leadership of Samla Everwell Robin Thongni, President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), in the presence of Members of this unit have now met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Mawkyrwat Division on two issues.
On the other hand, the DC said that all government offices, schools and courts in the district will be closed on this day due to the Behdeinkhlam festival at Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District. .
He said that such incidents happen from time to time in the District Councils when there is a change within the government and it is known that there will be a change in the District Councils as happened today in GHADC. Shillong, Lber 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has issued a statement saying that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has been working hard to ensure the welfare of its fellow citizens in all aspects. Advise all central and state government departments, companies and any agencies operating in the Hynniewtrep Hills regarding the special days celebrated by the Khasi people.
Ainam Syiem, Chief of Khyriem Hima, Syiem Habapan Sing Syiem, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawri, MDC of Mariang, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang.
The snow fell so heavily that the roofs of houses were covered with snow and the roofs of cars as well.
The Punjab government was informed of the program and route of Prime Minister Duh in advance.
New Delhi, March 08: India and Saudi Arabia signed a Memorandum of Understanding in Riyadh today on the integration of electricity, green hydrogen and clean hydrogen as well as opportunities. provide goods.
These YouTube channels have also produced programs related to the farmers' protests, protests related to the Citizenship (Amendment) Act and attempts to incite minorities to protest against the Government of India.
The state government has also asked the heads of educational institutions to send a letter to the government to express their concerns in this regard, said Rakkam A Sangma.
The market was inaugurated by the former Chief Minister of the state with the aim of protecting the farmers from being exploited by the traders who set the price according to their wishes.
Shillong, July 07: The Government of Dr Mukul Sangma today decided that MLAs, MDCs and government employees should submit their assets to the government every year before the 31st of July. date of October.
Other decisions taken at the Cabinet meeting included the repeal of the Meghalaya Street Vendors Act, 2014 and the adoption of a Central Government Act to regulate street vendors. to the market in Meghalaya.
We have asked the contractor but he just said toto and just finished talking,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Samlin promised that this time he will work harder than in the past three years.
There was also a case in South West Khasi Hills, where a drug dealer lodged a complaint against the KSU members when they arrested him.
Before, you used to think that this was enough.
The Company accepts only bikes registered since 2009 to enter the Company.
The Chief Minister said that 1787 people have been affected by the natural disaster. The government has set up four shelters in West Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills. There are 544 villages and 85 villages.
The Central Government is trying to encourage beekeeping through the Integrated Development of Horticulture scheme, which has been formulated by the National Bee Board. ngap according to this present age.
In fact, the road should have been repaired.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday night received a tip from Mumbai Police that six Nigerians who were trying to flee to Bangladesh through Meghalaya have been arrested. accused of murder in Mumbai.
The KSU Jowai Circle was accompanied by Ma Yowphi Lyngdoh Waheh Shnong of Phramer and Members of KSU Jowai Circle under the leadership of President Mr. KSU Jowai Circle Publicity Secretary Ioannis Suchiang and other party leaders said in a statement.
Arwin Sutnga said that the union supports the council on the Clan Bill and the Kur Jait Kpa.
All the speakers on the occasion expressed their happiness and hope to be in good health. Those who spoke were Bah B Syiemiong, Government of Pyndeng Umiong and Bah K.Skan Rani, Leader of H.N.Y.F. He said that the HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle had planned to distribute this aid before Christmas but could not complete it due to the protests against CAB in the state.
Nath, MS, MCh will come to check up and give medicine to the patients.
The championship includes sparring and demonstration of form. The categories are for individuals and groups divided into age and weight categories.
Assistance from the Ministry of Agriculture through the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi A total of 87,189 farmers in Meghalaya have received T.2000/- tyngka.
The union also urges the state government to open more Corona Care Centers in Jaintia Hills as there is still a shortage of these centers in Jaintia Hills so that they can provide treatment to the people who are eligible. une you are sick.
It can be used as a contemporary art gallery, sky theatre, special area, VIP enclosure area, auditorium hall with stage, VIP banquet hall, VIP lounge, VIP restroom, automated elevators. , a Tribal Museum, a Media Centre, a Television & AV Studio, a Library, a food court and office space.
The group urged the Meghalaya government to implement the project with understanding so that the people of the state can benefit. This is according to a statement sent by Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga Muktiar and President of MPLU, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa. Shillong, July 23: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 20th July 2020 has appointed The Election Committee for the smooth conduct of the 14th election to the CEC for the term 2020-2
At present, this road is in extremely bad condition and now the PWD has allocated T.100 crore to build this road, said the FKJGP. This road will become a National Hight Way, but the union suspects that the construction of this road has been done with expensive goods and not according to the rules.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah RM Lyngdoh MDC of Mylliem Constituency today raised the Point of Oeder in the KHADC and demanded from the Chairman to send an inquiry into the deterioration of the lighting inside the House.
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from the snapshots of his philosophy for the building of society.
Because this quarterly employment report is necessary to understand the supply of jobs and essential goods or the Periodic Labor Force Survey (PLFS), it will fill the vacancies in employment in the country. country.
In response to the emergency, it was decided to ban 118 mobile apps (see appendix) because according to information received, these apps have been used for illegal activities. the nature of India.
Robertjune said that if the CAB is passed, it will be a disease for the people of the North East of India where they will be overwhelmed by other ethnic groups. to the east side of the river.
According to the meeting, the Commissioner Secretary to the Ministry of Education has already provided the documents regarding the demand of the teachers in primary schools. Now the government has to take a decision to increase the salaries of LP and UP school teachers.
She said that according to information, the incident happened in the evening and the talks were in the middle of a headache.
Other members of the MPCC have been appointed. (SP News).
The FKJGP feels that if the Chief Minister of the state does not know even the laws that do not exist as a nation and as a state, how can we trust such leaders who try to mislead us? The people of the state just because they want to allow and protect the mynder who smuggle into our state for political gain to establish a vote bank by the mynder for the sake of strengthening our seat, This was stated in a statement by the President of Dundee C.Khongsit.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MCA Leader Bah Barthol Sohlang said that the aim of the Mawlai Cleaner Association is to try to bring about cleanliness in Mawlai and surrounding villages. Awareness programs and other programs on the environment will be conducted in the coming days to raise awareness among the new era, he said. The residents and visitors should be careful and clean and not to spread garbage especially plastic which has polluted the whole city which affects especially the health because many times we don't understand we ignore but as the people we need the cooperation.
The Block Development Officer of Jirang Block, Jirang Block, said that he received the information today and went to the village to investigate the incident. I can't tell you what happened.
The Director said that the death today was a mother identified as Manibala Debbarma, 27 years old from Tripura who came for treatment at NEIGHRIHMS. The death toll has risen to
Not only that, on 5th April 2018, the union has also suggested to the government that for Grade IV, the personal interviews should be abolished.
Domestically, the Government of India has taken a decision to put the empowerment of women at the center of its ', with a firm stand to provide support for their holistic development in all spheres of life .
It is on this basis that they have decided to have only the ballot paper of Meghalaya and have registered their names at the election booth of the DC's office in Nongpoh.
Rosemary, who works in St. John Parish, Siju, South Garo Hills, left Dudhnoi for Goalpara on the 17th of this month and boarded a bus at 11.00 pm from Dudhnoi and paid the fare. boss to Goalpara.
If 50 forms are issued every day, how many more forms will be sold and how much more money will be donated to the CMRF until the SSLC results are released.
On the other hand, the Ministers who accompanied the Chief Minister to meet with the Union Finance Minister are Banteidor Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Shylla, Prestone Tynsong, Sngiawbhalang Dhar and AL. Hek and Bah Samlin Malniang and other MLAs. During the meeting, the Union Finance Minister expressed the shortage of funds in the North Eastern States of India. In many ways, the Central Government will assist for the development of these states.
: The Electricity Department of the Government of Meghalaya has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd (OTPC) in the presence of Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, he said, “We take responsibility for the IED blast in the metor area on the night of 9th October. .
Archaeological evidence has been found in the discovery of samples from Law Nongthroh at the foot of Lum Sohpetbneng which shows that there were remains of the peoples of the world since ancient times. home.
The audition will be held on the 30th November at the Community Hall of Wahingdoh and the teams that reach the 7th position will qualify for the Grand Final which will be held at the Polo Ground Shillong on the 1st of November. December 10th.
Thomas in a statement said that the interest rate from banks is less than 13% how can these youths stand on their own feet when they cannot even borrow money.
He was a teacher, a writer who contributed to the country and the nation as a whole.
Dr Sridhar said that HCG provides special treatment only for those suffering from cancer and this agreement between the company and the state government will help many people in the state to get proper treatment. the new one is not like this present age.
The central excise has increased the royalty from T.290 to T.675 per month and the state government has increased the royalty from T.290 to T.
He said that through this meeting, ways and means will be sought to resolve the issues.
Regarding the cleanliness drive, the Inspector General of BSF in charge of Meghalaya, Inderjit Singh Rana took the responsibility to ensure that the BSF personnel will be clean while working in Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the NPP-led government has spent more money to develop the economy in Lum Garo along with other parts of the country. state.
This honorary recognition is for a period of four years, beginning July 3,
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Ka KSU Khliehriat Circle, invites all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, to attend a public meeting where the four organizations will explain on the implementation of the The four parties who will explain to the public at the meeting in Khliehrait are the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF on the threat to the minorities through the forced implementation of the Central Government. The meeting was held to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state as decided by the Legislative Assembly.
During the meeting, the work of the village office and the old Short Round Road LP School was also discussed.
As the party, we don't have anything to accuse him of but we have to clarify what has happened in these days.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 11 today and all of them are from East Khasi Hills District.
When asked whether the disease has spread to other parts of the state, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “Until now, the disease has been witnessed only in the northern part of Garo Hills. the disease is only found in tropical areas.
“East Jaintia Hills is bordering Bangladesh and the infiltration of foreign authorities is still very high.
He said that 70 percent of the women have benefited from the 4 crore houses constructed under the PM Awas Scheme. crore women are now becoming LakhpatiDidi through skills development and 15,000 self help groups will receive drones under the Namo Drone DidiAbhiyan.
With a view to improving road connectivity, Minister Duh will inaugurate the project to expand the Agartala bypass (Khayerpur – Amtali) NH-08, which will help relieve traffic jam in Agartala.
Ampareen recalled that Jaintia Hills has unanimously elected Bah Peter G Marbaniang (Bam Kwai ha Dwar u Blei), who is her father. the opportunity to contest the MP elections and follow in the footsteps led by her father.
The new MLA of Ampati said, “Good triumphs over evil, glory goes to God”. These were the first words she spoke to the people after being announced as the winner. in this election cycle.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: There have been 1183 positive cases of COVID-19 in the state and 6477 cases in the state. whole.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that all the authorities of the District Administration have been directed to be ready to fight against any problem that may arise.
Answering questions, Dr Ampareen said that she did not name anyone.
“The people who live near this river are suffering from the fact that the water is no longer suitable for drinking, cleaning and bathing. P Sunapur in the morning.
On the same day, she met with JS Syiemiong, Assistant Executive Engineer, Mawshynrut Sub-Division PWD Roads to explain the progress of M/S Royal Construction in the construction of the road from Umdang to Jaiaw under the PMGSY scheme. 13.868 kilometers long and the meeting was held to discuss the difficulties faced by the people of the area especially the sick during the rainy season.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the bias of the Government of India has forced us to believe that there is a secret plot to exterminate the minorities living in the North East.
Police said they received a tip that some people were walking in Daldagre with heavy weapons. Police conducted a search operation at 7.30 pm. I don't know if you have a bike on the Tura-Garobadha road.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday in the presence of officers from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Social Welfare and many NGOs involved in the fight. against the drug.
The HYC has submitted the petition to the former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the government has written to the KHADC.
Along with others, TUR strongly opposes the proposal of the Government of India or Meghalaya to build a highway linking Nongstoin and Wahkaji. The road is for the mining of uranium.
Furthermore, the residents said that they don't dare to go to the fields alone or in pairs because they are afraid of the Bangladeshi authorities who smuggle in groups with weapons.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Commissioner Secretary of the Political Department, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, said that the Political Department has already provided all the requirements and all that remains is to issue the government announcement.
