Not the rules of the SWM Rule,
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The KSU Ranikor Circle has been following up on the assistance to the victims of the natural disasters in 2016 and also in 2017 in the villages under the Ranikor C&RD Block.
Prof. R. Sharma, Dean, School of Life Sciences, NEHU, Shillong will be the Chief Guest.
"To be a successful leader, we must first be a successful follower ourselves"
Because we don't want our people to lose their jobs while others get jobs,” said HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Later, the HNLC on the 14th of this month, admitted that it was involved in the IED blasts on the 9th of this month in Them Metor, Them Ïew Mawlong. The State Government has requested the State Government to relocate 342 households living in the Sweepers' Colony.
Speeches were also delivered by former leaders of the party Bah Augustar Jyrwa and flowers were laid by members of the party headquarters and branches of the party from different parts of Shillong.
Shillong, July 13: Shillong Lajong will start their U-18 I-League campaign against SAI Guwahati tomorrow morning in Guwahati.
He also wished all the members to continue their education and hoped that they would reach higher levels in order to serve the country and the state as a whole.
Police have recovered a heavy INSAS rifle, 36 bombs, hundreds of unused bullets and from the scene. Morek Ch.'s Identity Card was also received.
“We request the government to listen to the demand of these non bonded nurses to appoint these 180 vacant posts as these nurses are entitled to them.
The fear of the residents of Shillong is because the earthquake this year in the past few months has happened many times and people have been shocked to hear the earthquake.
Speaking on the stage, Rocky Hek said that the reason why he is contesting the MLA election is that he should not contest against his mother (Bah AL Hek) but against his wife. your business policy.
The ECI has sent a final letter to me and Adelbert Nongrum on 20th Nov 2020 and has asked both of us to resolve by mutual agreement.
Speaking to SP News Agency after the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, FKJGP President Willbert Rani said that during the meeting, the DC has made it clear that the District Administration They are ready to implement the DTFC but the problem is that the district authorities have not yet received the rules from the government.
Two BJP MLAs, Alexander Laloo Hek, Sanbor Shullai, NPP MLAs Ampareen Lyngdoh and Santa Mary Shylla took part in the event. Congress leaders came to take part in the rally.
“I congratulate Chidananda Naik and the team who produced 'Sunflowers Were the First Ones to Know' for being awarded.
On the other hand, Bah John urged all his friends from near and far to encourage this call for a new change through the unity of the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, Independent, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, one of the candidates for the Lok Sabha Election from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, who has won the love not only for his hard work but especially for his He expressed his appreciation to Dr Jemino Mawthoh for his ability to become the joint candidate of all four constituencies. establish.
On the other hand, the Minister said that many of the projects have not been completed but there are still some that remain to be completed.
Shillong, June 07: The three-day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar has started today and will end on the first day at Madan Weiking.
The Chief Minister led the reading of the oath of office by Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah PS Thangkhiew and other government officials. sun.
The police department will conduct the interview according to the latest technology.
On the one hand, the government says that it has a goal to protect its own people, but on the other hand, it says that the ILP cannot be implemented.
Furthermore, they demanded that the farmers who come from the rural areas to Shillong by commercial vehicles should not be taken advantage of in terms of vehicle fare.
In this regard, on 12th June 2024 at 4 pm a meeting was held at the office of SDO (Civil) Amalarem chaired by Dr Abhishek Saini, IAS together with SDPO Amalarem Sub-Division, Dr Seiboklang Buam, SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF chiefs. At this meeting, the facts of the incident were presented which disproved all these allegations and thus the matter was resolved.
This kur has taken this step so that it will not mislead the future generations. In this dorbar, the kmeirat kmeisan, the kni rangbah and the longkni of the kur will be introduced so that the children of the pyrsa kakur will know later. legacy.
Speaking to reporters, he said the government is deeply saddened by the incident and for this reason the Cabinet meeting today has decided to appoint an independent commission of inquiry. The investigation into the incident and the investigation will be conducted from the beginning of the coal ban in
In a statement, the MBOSE has clarified that there will be no more books but students can visit the website www.megresult.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that according to the reply received from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the state government has shown that the waste from the landfill is according to the RTI received. I haven't received any milk yet.
After buying from these vendors, they were allowed to sell to other villages, but the markets have not yet been allowed to open.
Therefore, if the dieng thew can be implemented by the protesting parties, why can't it be implemented by the HNLC?
In the complaint, the complainant said that he holds the post of Chairman of the KHADC by election.
Shillong, March 11: The Food Safety Department today sent officers to Iewduh to train farmers how to to sell their fruit.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal, IAS on Tuesday informed that all vehicles have been banned from traveling on the NH-6 parts of Lumshnong due to heavy rainfall.
Speaking to media at his office today, the Minister of State for Forests said that in Meghalaya the government has only 5% forests and private individuals or village raids are to 76%.
Shillong, March 30: This year's Diwali celebration in Shillong has been a successful one in which Hindu believers have decorated their homes and shops with lights. in a way.
The party commemorated the struggle of the people of Bangladesh for the Bangla language which began on 21 February
He spoke about some foreign schools where he said that these have turned into places of unfounded anti-India propaganda.
Speaking to media, he said he will wait for the verdict of the court on the 12th of this month.
The union is also surprised at the CAG's protection of the cement factories and the concealment of their names without revealing them.
A song by Bahunshisha Marwein and a short skit by the members of the Jaiaw Langsning Women's Wing.
During this festival, the youths had the opportunity to showcase their talents.
Titosstarwell said the KHADC has already sent a letter to the state government but has not yet responded. The amount of interest to the KHADC has exceeded Rs 100,0
Besides these, the BSF of Meghalaya last month seized 888 billion of kiad, 53 cattle heads, motorcycle, phensedyl and others worth Rs 10,42,0 ) while intending to export to Bangladesh.
The objective of the Sports Department of the Central Government is to recognize the special talents of the children and provide them with full training through the availability of adequate sports facilities. appear in foreign sporting events such as the Olympics and other sporting events.
Furthermore, the two parties also alleged that it was not a mistake because of the 12 candidates.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, on Tuesday said that he strongly condemns the attack on the leader of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) Deborah C Marak. the Deputy Chief Minister of the State.
The PMUY scheme provides financial assistance of T.1600/- tyngka for women only to receive a 14.2 kilo lyer and the lyer they have to buy.
“However, in a few months, the survey has been done again and we are from the State Government to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs and landowners to cooperate and to look into the need to build the Pynursla Bypass. " he said.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The District Child Protection Unit of West Khasi Hills District has held a public hearing on the Pocso Act and JJ Act at Mawnai village. Jidor Sing Memorial School, in the presence of teachers, students, parents and youth of the village.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Supply in the State, Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar, in reply to a question by Bah Process T Sawkmie, The approval and the entire work of GSWSS-III will be completed this fiscal year.
Shillong, March 03: The North East Forum of Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) today held protests in Assam, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh. Tripura, Nagaland and Manipur to oppose the central government's plan to bring back the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in this session of Parliament.
In addition, it is also necessary to turn to the introduction of technologies such as blockchain to monitor the smuggling of cigarettes, gutka and other banned tobacco products.
James Lyngdoh's departure from the party has shocked many Congress leaders as he has worked hard for the party but now he has left the party. many many years.
I am truly humbled to recall the great trust he had in me.
Shillong, July 30: Chairman of the Indian Olympic Association (INA) RC Sacheti today visited the site at Umsawli for the construction of the stadium for the 2022 National Games in Meghalaya. .
The first meeting was held on the 6th of this month in Melbourne, Australia and through this meeting a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Avenues, Meghalaya and the Young Change Agents.
From now on, all EPS members who have not completed the age of 58 years on 14.06.2024 can withdraw the amount.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the Committee were confirmed by the unanimity of the Dorbar 10 Kur and it was also decided to rely on the Committee for the welfare and to carry out the duties of the Committee. you are Rikhain.
Shillong, March 22: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 99 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 46 in Ri Bhoi and 12 in West Garo Hulls. , South Garo Hills 7, West Jaintia Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
The two MDCs were Grace Mary Kharpuri from Nongskhen and Joseph Fantin Lakadong from Malki-Laitumkhrah. The reception was held at the party office in Lachumiere.
"The Minister also announced that the Indian economy has undergone a positive transformation in the last fifteen years and that the people of the country are looking to the future with optimism.
The Minister also warned against those who inherit the teaching job to others as it affects the education of the students and destroys the value of education.
In a letter, the union requested the chief officer to provide light within 10 months so that it will not affect the students who are preparing for their examinations.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U Dr Azad Zaman MLA of Rajabala West Garo Hills District today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. National Registration Citizens (NRC).
Shillong, November 30: AICC President Rahul Gandhi has appointed four party leaders to assist the party in the MLA elections in Meghalaya. Meghalaya to be held in 2018 at the beginning of the year.
In this regard, the MLA of Mawlai Constituency has convened a meeting at Mawlai in the presence of the office bearers of Mawlai Town Durbar, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai including the Rangbah Mawlai Mawtawar, Mawlai Youth Association. Leaders of the HYC and FKJGP and other residents of Mawlai.
This is the second time that the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards have won the state level competition.
On the part of the EM Elaka Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, he finally told the leaders of the group that as the Syiem he cannot forcibly seize the land under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnongs. he is to bring purity and peace within his own Hima to all the children of a thousand.
These red-coloured pills are bought in bulk at Rs.350 per pill in the border areas.
The Minister listened to the briefings given by the officers of various Central Government departments and urged the Secretaries of these Government departments to provide as much assistance as possible to the States of the North East.
In his speech, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem praised the Dorbar Shnong of Pohkseh for the management of the village and this is evident from the submission of reports on the work of the Dorbar Shnong. the village.
Also present were the MLA of this constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, Bah Macmillan Byrsat and district officers.
“According to the AD Rules, as announced by the Chairman (inside the House) there will be no nomination for the post of Chief Executive Member. “My name was proposed as the new Chief Executive Member by Batskhem Ryntathiang and supported by Fantin Joseph Lakadong,” said Pyniaid.
Such a recruitment system is an unfair recruitment system and a recruitment system that has not gone in the right direction to encourage young job seekers.
This will be a tough fight for Purno.
Unidentified persons tried to set fire to the office of the Range Officer, Soil & Water Conservation Range at Thadlaskein in West Jaintia Hills District during the night curfew. can prevent serious damage.
He said that now it is impossible to screen films without getting the CBFC from the government. By taking these, Meghalaya has put Meghalaya on the map of film production. not only that when they show movies they also pay GST to the government.
Shillong, March 06: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donal V Thabah recently inaugurated the KSU Diengpasoh Unit.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The turnout in Garo Hills for the election of a new Lok Sabha Speaker has reached 75.68 percent as of 9 pm.
She was recognized as a freedom fighter who supported the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima Tirot Singh in the fight against the British troops. The Amrit Samagam was organized by the Ministry of Culture and Heritage of the Union Government.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the outcome of this meeting will be good for the children and the government is ready to do whatever is right for them and to provide protect them.
India's faith is strong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the card should be renewed every year.
Police have registered a case against him under the POCSO Act and the investigation is ongoing, said the SP of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, March 05: Police in Ri Bhoi District today seized drugs worth T.9 crore and arrested three drug traffickers.
"“We have received information that there are many people in the area who are no longer able to transport to Nongpoh and Shillong due to the poor condition of the road. “There are also cases where residents have to face tragic incidents because the vehicle they ride is difficult to reach even to the health centres.
The KSU urges the Meghalaya Cricket Association, the Meghalaya Basketball Association and others to elect players to lead the state.
The current Assembly has 29 MDCs who have been elected and one has been appointed by the government.
He visited Zydus Biotech Park in Ahmedabad, Bharat Biotech in Hyderabad and Serum Institute of India in Pune.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Vivek Syiem, said that the purpose of the lock-up of the Four Seasons Quest House was to prevent the infiltration of these people. I want to join the army tomorrow.
The residents of Mawshabuit village were passing through this road and suddenly found that the army had blocked the road and this caused a traffic jam. .
To introduce clear rules of procedure for the conduct of Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Legislative Assemblies and Mylliem Hima Dorbars.
HANM President Shaniahlang Suchen said they should be arrested according to the law.
The Chief Minister said that this is a unique custom and tradition of the Khasi people and this shows the strength as a nation to preserve what our ancestors have inherited.
If this is the case, the teachers will not hesitate to take a stronger decision next month whether in any way to force the government to implement the demand. placed before the government from time to time.
Noting that Kejriwal has not been sentenced yet, Atishi said the party will appeal to the Supreme Court against Kejriwal's arrest.
Also present at the meeting was Bah Macmillan Byrsad MLA of Nongstoin.
He said that while he was in Delhi for the debate on the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, he saw the news that he will contest the Lok Sabha elections. Assembly.
A closer look at these data shows that out of the total 33,348 cases under sections 3 and 5 of the Act, 99% (33,036) of the cases involved girls.
One of the journalists, Bah Melquire Laitflang, was injured in the incident and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment. and this conflict continued in parts of Motphran.
The CCIB wants to know the position of the Meghalaya government and what the Chief Minister has to say regarding this border demarcation. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ryngksai.
According to our investigation, the police chief has installed a plate No.ML04 A 4000 on his private vehicle (Bolero rong saw jngum). The same number was also registered on the silver Bolero.
After this, he burnt down the house where he, his wife and children lived.
According to a statement issued by Samla C.Suja General Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle, he expressed his disappointment at the government's lack of attention to the district despite the fact that the district has collected the highest revenue in the country. The state has many land mines, cement factory companies and shops in the state.
According to the authority given to the DC under the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Regulations, 2020, to prevent the spread of COVID-19, shops in Mawbah, Jhalupara, Nongmynsong and Polo have been ordered to close. These two days are on the 11th & 12th of June,
Shillong, 19: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) CA Lyngwa on Tuesday said that a woman has been found dead at Sohsaw Market in Iewmawlong.
The program was organized by the Development Department of North Eastern Region in collaboration with the Department of Deriti and was a demonstration of deititi which affected those who attended.
Recalling his conversation with the beneficiaries recently.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting incident near the Military Hospital Rilbong.
Our country will celebrate its 71st Independence Day tomorrow.
Speaking to media after joining the NPP, Bah Shylla said that the talks with the PDF have been going on for several months and the main reason is that Bah PN Syiem as The CEM has not taken note of the MDC scheme of the six MDCs who won the mid-term elections.
He said that even in the midst of the curfew, stone and petrol bombs are still being thrown. He said that he cannot say how many people have been killed but many have been abducted and many have been injured. this protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Director General of Police (DSP) Dr. LR Bishnoi tweeted that during the 48 hours of search operation, police have seized T.29 lakh tyngka from people around the country. In part of Meghalaya, the seizure of money is that they have carried too much.
In percentage terms, it was only 17.7% compared to 21.5% in the previous year.
“Tens of thousands of people in Jaintia Hills especially in East Jaintia Hills District have been living in unprecedented suffering due to the onset of NGT's sudden ban on coal mining and trade in Meghalaya.
: The Voice of People's Party (VPP) MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday rejected the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. the People's Party will not lead the people astray.
“I promise to monitor whether it is in the field or in the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Nongrum.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa,im F Syiem, Chairman of the Bank, Mukul Sangma.
He was speaking after the Cabinet meeting when journalists asked questions regarding the increasing number of cases of rape of women and children in Meghalaya in recent days.
He said that after becoming Minister of Home Affairs in 2019, when I met the Prime Minister, he spoke about the government's priorities in these four areas.
The decision has been sent to all the departments of the Central Government as well as to the State Governments to implement this directive. This will be the same for the Union Territories.
It is a big step for the promotion of India’s position as one of the leaders in the clean energy sector and enhance the country’s capacity to produce clean energy.
The opening ceremony was opened by Bah Bawan Khyriem President of Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhyriem. KSU Nongthymmai Sports Club and members from the units of Nongthymmai Circle.
In order for the Maki to be able to create new, to rule by force and violence as is now the case in many Dept.
During these three days, young men and women from all over the Khasi Hills have come to take part in this festival to showcase to the world their own culture.
He also inaugurated four more road projects in three states of Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh.
They may have good students but they may not have the opportunity to go to better schools.
In this regard, the office of the Director of Health Services has postponed the interview scheduled to be held from 01 to 03 June 2024 in Shillong and 01 to 02 June 2024 in Tura. had to be postponed until further notice.
Answering a question on how far Meghalaya has been able to link Aadhar with ration card, the Minister said that there is still a shortage of Aadhar in Meghalaya and the food distribution department is trying to educate the people on the issue. this.
He joined the Bengal Sappers in November 1981 as a general officer and has been in the service for 35 years.
The Government has already allocated 19 lakh teachers across India.
Jaintia Hills is an area which does not have any primary schools despite the 50 years of independence.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Police in Nongmynsong today arrested two persons for carrying petrol in a bottle.
Polling agents will not be able to replace people at polling stations after 3 pm.
Shillong, July 30: On the 28th of this month, BSF troops on receiving more detailed information raided BOP Latangtilla Ex-108 Bn, Jantia Hills District, Meghalaya. Pulin Sinha, 36, son of Mahadav Sinha, of Gokul Singher Gaon, Sri Mangal, has been arrested.
On receiving this information, police from Rongjeng and Williamnagar rushed to the scene to help rescue the injured and recover the bodies.
On this occasion, the Kur Syimelieh came to lay flowers.
Conrad recalled the history of Karunandhi, who fought for the rights of the Chief Ministers of the states in the country. to raise the flag of India on the Independence Day.
It was on the basis of the letter of the HSPDP on 26/09/1970 after the leaders of the APHLC at that time accepted the Autonomous State.
Police will keep the names of those who provide information confidential.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the case is still under investigation.
The EM in charge of the Elaka Department said that before the world talks about empowering women, the Khasi community has already empowered them. also changes but there are aspects of culture that cannot be changed.
We stand firmly in favor of supporting national initiatives to accelerate the achievement of these goals by providing technical support in the decentralization of the SDGs and enhancing implementation capacity and overseeing programs," she said.
He said that the State Government and Assam have visited the border areas in Ribhoi District, but the surprising thing is that during the inspection in Khanapara by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. and the members of the Boundary Committee of Assam who met with the people, asked where this land falls.
The meeting was attended by KSU President Banjop Maring and Augustine Nongrum Secretary.
They also expressed their concerns about the high price of petrol, beverages such as rice, piat terter, the government's lack of action on school fees, examination fees, light fees. sem side.
From the 26 boxes of Dynamait weighing 650 kilos and from the four boxes, 200 Tikli were seized. Four mobile phones were seized from these persons.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, we have seen an increase in the allocation of funds for Panchayati Raj groups to support the need for infrastructure and development activities in rural areas.
The appointment of Pala as MPCC president and MP from Shillong is to strengthen the party in preparation for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held in early
Other sources said that the incident happened at around 8 pm on Friday morning when unidentified persons went to the school building to do something. This is a robbery to clean up the doors of the school.
On the other hand, the BDO has directed the Rangbah Shnongs that if there is a need to accommodate the people affected by this natural disaster, they should use the school buildings and offices. don't worry about this.
The CEO of GVK EMRI, Subodh Satyawadi, congratulated the state of Rajasthan for allowing the company to provide services to the people in the state.
For the post of Soldier General Duty and Soldier Tradesman for East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills & Ri-Bhoi will be held at , North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills will be held on the 21st of this month.
In the evening, a meeting was held with all the groups in Imphal.
When police arrived at the bus house, they found another body of a woman from the same room. The woman was identified as Rosemary Lyngkhoi, 26 years old. the village of Thewiew.
In Shillong, the Clean India 2.0 program was held at Umphyrnai and Demthring.
Sanbor said that Hamlet should not be afraid but will implement the schemes well and is ready to help to ensure that the jobs should be employment opportunities and if there is any job should be done. He said that he will encourage the people from outside the state to encourage the people from outside the state.
I want to tell this House that the Ministry of Health is constantly monitoring the situation and has proposed specific steps to curb this ongoing crisis.
As a tribute to this great work of Yano.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister told the Prime Minister that Meghalaya is in the midst of a financial crisis to run the projects. separate from the central government.
Another sad thing is that when you turn to this road, you can see only the footprints of the road.
Some parts of the email admitted by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw that they were sent between him and SP M Kharkrang.
The white stick was first invented by Dr. Richard E. Hoover of the USA and this doctor has developed many types of devices that can be used all over the world by people with visual impairments or blindness.
He said the Election Commission was aware of this and tried to stop it but could not stop it again.
“I resigned from the government in 1978 and this resignation was to work for the people. I tried to work through political parties where I was in many parties but these they will be able to protect the nation, and by being elected as the president of this group I will be able to work better for the nation”.
Shillong, Naieng 21: YES Bank and NIMHAS have agreed to work together with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) to promote sports in the state.
In another incident, a scooty caught fire at Lumshyiap and the scooty caught fire. Police are investigating whether the scooty was burnt or caught fire.
On the following day, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh will be the Chief Guest while Bah Alexander L. Hek will be the Chief Guest.
The KSU from time to time has expressed its opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 which aims to grant Indian citizenship to foreigners who believe in certain religions.
The NPP and NERPF have held elections under the banner of the NDA in the North East of India. There is no hope that they will become ministers in the Modi government.
The weakness and incompetence of the GSTN (Goods & Service Tax Network) is against the people, because if they are slow to pay their taxes on time, the people will be fined late fees. The delay in payment of taxes is due to the fact that the portal and SGTN are not working, not because the people are slow to pay taxes, for that reason the fine is illegal.
On the other hand, the RBYF has warned the people who come to Ribhoi area not to spread bottles and not to throw garbage in the hills and rivers.
He has taken advantage of the beauty of nature in his village of Nongbah which is only 12 km from Jowai. He has built houses and recreational areas. The Pulse Eco-Resort has lodges, children's playgrounds, a pond to swim in and also a fish pond. visitors to this place.
Shillong, Iaiong, 15: The residents of Mawkdup village have gone to Wahswat village to demolish four houses in the area. and now they have no place to stay.
The curfew will be in force from 4.00 pm until further notice.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the attack on people in Tripura who took part in the The public meeting will be held on the 23rd of this month.
He said that the policeman is currently under temporary suspension for assaulting a truck driver in July this year in Nongstoin.
Replying to a question by Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya said that the first promise of Bah PN Syiem to The election period was that if he wins, he would introduce a Civil Sub Division but in 10 years of his MLA tenure he has not convened this meeting on the demand for a Civil Sub Division.
She stressed the need for a skills training program to empower people with disabilities and her department is ready to provide any necessary assistance for the good luck to them.
The District Level Committees (DLCs) headed by the Senior Superintendents of Post and Superintendents of Posts as officers, after verifying the documents, led the applicants to the process.
The Central Election Committee (CEC) will release the third list of candidates in the coming days.
With this belief, Myntri Rangbah Duh concluded his speech by saying that the experiences of the retired members will continue to encourage all.
Referring to the problem, he said that before they talk to the government, they should investigate thoroughly so that their demand for payment will be reasonable.
The Governor urged the members of the organization to be selfless to serve the people in times of need and this service gives a person a sense of security whenever possible. to serve one another.
The KSU also demanded that the government should set up a Training Center for the farmers so that the people can get training in the farming methods according to the passage of time.
Sohra, July 28: The Civil Sub Division Officer of Sohra Civil Sub Division on Tuesday said that any person who has proper documents as stipulated by the Election Commission of India will be included in the electoral roll. .
He joined the NCP in 1999 and PA Sangma was in the party and from 2007 to 2012 he was elected as the president of the NCP in Meghalaya and in In July 2012, when the NPP was formed, he has been in the party as President of the Meghalaya State Unit.
The meeting was also attended by DP Vidyarthi, CGM LPG, Indian Oil and Kalyan Nath, Divisional LPG Sales Head from Guwahati.
Most of the cow traders live on the border with Bangladesh because they know the entry and exit routes to Bangladesh.
Many times we see people asking why there are only 49 Ministers in the Hima Mylliem, or only 30 Lyngdoh/Myntri in the Hima Khyrim, or only 4 Ministers (elected by the kurs) and 8 Bakhraw (elected before the people) in the Mawphlang Hima.
On the other hand, the newspaper owners have sent their condolences on the passing away of Bah Various Star Nongsiej Executive Editor of Kynjatshai Newspaper.
The Constitution under Article 324 empowers the Electoral Commission to appoint the Legislative Assembly and the State Legislative Assembly among other functions.
Quoting from the Holy Scripture of the Epistle of James which was the theme of the conference, he said that because the women of the ninth generation are special and give a priority to the men in this conference, The meeting decided that they had taken it.
Referring to the benefits of the farmers of Meghalaya and the North East, the Minister said that the soh and jhur grown here are easy to market at home and abroad through the KrishiUdaan scheme.
Tarun Kumar said that this day reminds him of his youth in which the youth are the strength of India as a whole. “It's not the inheritance of this present generation from the past but we are taking back from the future generations,” he urged the youth. The most important thing is to rebuild your own life to build the future of the country and the nation by saying “You cannot change the world until you change yourself”.
The deceased was taken to Shallang PHC for post mortem and the injured was taken to Shallang PHC for treatment. from the West Khasi Hills Police.
In this regard, the union has sought clarification from the management of Longkmie Gas Agency who has also expressed the problems they face and promised to improve the shortcomings faced by the people and at the same time they have explained. that there was no illegal sale of lyer sheets.
Regarding the weapons seized, the BSF has handed them over to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action as their job is only to arrest and punish. power of the law.
The scheme provides a portion of the safety payment for Renewabme Energy Service Companies (RESCO) based systems as well as funding for new projects in the RTS. Through this scheme, households will be able to save electricity bills as well as earn by selling more electricity to DISCOMs. The 3 kW system will be able to produce more than 300 units per month. family.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Four projects under the PRASAD scheme have been launched at the 11th International Tourism Mart. to the Presbyterian Church, Nartiang Shakti Peeth, Aitnar Pond and Charantala Kali Temple.
When thieves are on the side of the thief, the law will recognize you mean? The jaidbynriew is proud and appreciates the courage of the women's organizations in the state who are fighting tirelessly to curb violence under the POSCO Act. to combat child marriage (The Prohibition of Child Marriage Act).
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Cabinet meeting today decided to allocate T.50 lakh to each district for the improvement of police stations in the districts according to the needs, said the Minister of State for Police and Police Station. James K Sangma, you are right.
New Delhi, Jymmang 24: Chidanand Naik, a student at the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), has won the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) award for his film. Cannes' La Cinefna for Best Short at the 77th Cannes Film Festival in France.
This is according to a statement sent by the Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Shillong, July 20: U James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that it is due to the busy schedule of the Chief Minister of Assam and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that they have not been able to meet to discuss the issue. the border between these two states.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its surprise after seeing the statement of the Chief Minister in the media that there is no need to talk to the Sengbhalang. On the other hand, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, Dy.Chief Minister, said that the door is open to talk about the ILP. the leaders at the top of our State.
Jowai, Nailur 07: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its gratitude to the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University Shillong, Prof. SK Srivastava for taking the initiative and keeping his promise today 7/9/2 He has appointed a committee to carry out the works for the starting of the school which is one of the departments of NEHU at Wahiajer Village West Jaintia Hills.
The BSF said the cows were smuggled from neighboring states like Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, July 08: The Aam Admi Party (AAP) today announced that it will nominate 35 constituencies for the MLA elections in Meghalaya, said Wanshuwa Nongtdu State President.
The women's teams were Saralin Rynghang (Women -50 Kg), Phikerbha Kharbihkhiew (Women -55 Kg & Kata) and Barisha Kharbani (Women -61 Kg).
“I believe you have seen that the money received from the houses and offices of the MP of Jharkhand has not been counted yet.
This change in the production of B Natural's soybeans has been thoroughly reviewed after a thorough consultation in agriculture supported by the ITC's. You can take an example from the e-Choupal model.
Why is Dr. Mukul Sangma so silent, is there anything behind it and why are these leaders of our Congress and the National League for Democracy (NLD) now just obedient?
Furthermore, if those foreign vendors are not willing to register with the Council, it means that they do not have the necessary documents related to trading activities in the state which is the Trading licence.
At present, the Chief Minister of the state, Dr Mukul Sangma, has directed that the state should have a strong law to curb corruption.
However, the Chief Minister said that in 2011, he had ordered an investigation into the allegation of issuance of fake certificates to PhD students. The Minister in charge of Education at that time, Dr RC Laloo, said that the article did not say that there would be such a thing.
“The AJYWO congratulates the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India for issuing an order to all the courts in the country to expedite the investigation of wildlife cases under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act
In view of the above facts, the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council Mawlai Circle has suggested to the Government that all the owners of shops, guest houses and other types of houses should not be allowed to operate shops. to give only to the owners of the land.
As the Khasi people, we should not be afraid of the forces from outside.
Angela Rangad said that the Lokayuta Act in the state has been passed by the House without any discussion in the House. The term of office of those holding this post shall not be limited to five years but shall be extended so that they can investigate corruption and shall have the power to investigate under this Act.
Shillong, July 28: The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie through this statement informs that the annual Pyneh Rngiew to the top of the holy Lum Sohpetbneng will be held on
Our Government gives full support to the sports tournaments to be held,” he said.
On the 31 MLAs, Bah Marbaniang said it is up to the people to ask them questions.
She lodged a complaint with the Pynursla Police Station and the police arrested four suspects, one from Nongskhem and four from Mawdang. don't help the village authorities.
It may be recalled that Bah Edar, who is always loved by everyone, has been an MDC from this constituency in the past years.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The KSU Laban Circle on Tuesday inspected one of the petrol pumps at Anjali, Rhino. steal the gasoline.
The reason for this is that the Council has faced difficulties as all three departments – the Executive, Legislative and Judicial – have worked together from this office.
Know whether the right masks are available in shops and pharmacies in Shillong, Tura, Jowai and other cities, know whether Doctors, Nurses and others have held any kind of meetings to know how and what They should do so at this time and if anyone has symptoms, they should take them.
Answering a supplementary question by Bah George B Lyngdoh, on the coal being transported, the Prime Minister said that the coal being transported is the coal that has been seized and the coal that has been transported. without don to come to own.
The Chief Minister said that the government wants to open more and more offices so that normal life can return and at the same time the city can arrange for them. The rules have been issued by the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Political Affairs and the Deputy Commissioners.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkrang said that this assistance from Reach Shillong Ministries has worked together to serve the people.
It is to be recalled that this group of youths from the State who left their home state on the 5th of this month to participate in the 3rd North East Youth Festival 2012 through the sponsorship of the Office Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs, Govt.
These youths were arrested by people who claimed to be members of the Bhalang by accusing them of engaging in illegal activities, said West Garo Hills Police Chief Mukesh Singh. He said that they will find all the ways so that these children who have been bombed to death should get their rights.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, they expressed many of the problems they have faced from time to time and the behavior of the people of Karbi Anglong. They are located in Mawhati Constituency.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board, PK Boro and the Executive Engineer, Bah FS Chyne on Tuesday visited Marten to see the situation. unfortunately.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari, today said that there are 50 polling stations where the Election Department staff have to walk the streets and polling stations. and he shall go to the ships.
The KSU this year has ordered to demolish the durmot which has been built in recent years and now has ordered to build a new one which will be opened to the public tomorrow at the same place.
Kanoongo said the commission has received confirmation from the government and will soon start appointing him as the Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR).
At the same time, the Chief Secretary expressed his gratitude to the Home Department of the State Government for making this day possible in the presence of the General Secretary of the HNLC. forward to take this new path.
In Telangana, the INC won 64 MLAs, the BHRS 40, the BJP 8, the AIMIM 6 and the CPI 1 in the 119-member Assembly. for the first time in the state since independence.
There will be two teams in the women's basketball tournament, one for the MLP and one for the public.
As part of the strengthening of the Federation of Khasi States, the Chief Executive Members have decided to appoint an Advisory Board and an Executive Committee of the Federation of Khasi States.
Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh said that Ri Bhoi District is a place rich in culture and traditions. The district also has tourist attractions. The MLA urged the people to work with the government to develop the district.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, after meeting with the Governor, said that at the meeting of the group, they elected Benedic R. Marak MDC of the NPP who won from the 20th constituency. Nikman Ch Marak MDC of GNC who won from 4-Rongrikimgre Constituency was elected as the Deputy CEM and Rakesh A. Sangma MDC of the NPP who won from 7-Babelapara Constituency to be the candidate for the Chairman election in GHADC. The election for the election of the new CEM of GHADC will be held on 19th June 2021 and after that the date will be fixed. Shillong, June 17: U K.Pohshna, the Governor of Meghalaya, has informed the Governor of Meghalaya that the new committee has been formed and in these days they will set new terms of reference for the management of the GHADC. The Waheh Shnong of Pdengkarong, West Jaintia Hills District, on the 14th of this month, has injected the vaccine against Covid-19 at Jaraiñ PHC, Amlarem Sub-Division.
As it turns out, only the Deputy Commissioners have the authority.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU has demanded that the state government should explain to the public regarding this issue throughout the state and the government should also do something in this regard. government announcement.
At the same time, Bah Sanbor has sent a letter to the Deputy Speaker of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly to request for assistance in the search for the missing persons.
It may be recalled that the Ministry of Agriculture has already invited applications and those who have already applied to buy cows have reached 43 people. times.
New Delhi, July 08: Five states of the North East will take part in the Madhavpur Mela of Gujarat to be held in the first month of June this year.
“According to Bah PT Sawkmie, what Conrad told him after he submitted the petition for Civil Sub Division, he said that the Prime Minister has said that it is the duty of the Prime Minister. it is to look after the development of all and for the benefit of all.
Judo was introduced by Dr. Jigoro Kano of Japan.
To construct a 10km drainage system on the Nongpyndeng-Risiang road, due to the lack of drainage systems.
The resigned MLAs are Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem, Reniktone L Tongkhar from Mawkyrwat, Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai, Shitlang Pale from Saipung-Sutnga and Mayralborn Syiem from Nongpoh.
New Delhi, June 13: As the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana (PMMY) of India celebrates its fifth anniversary on 8th June, we look forward once again to the changes brought about by this programme. It was planned during the period of 2014-15 which was filled with problems due to the issuance of troublesome loans which also affected the society in the country.
We are now in the fourth stage, the CAB, the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule, the case to abolish the ADCs in the Meghalaya High Court. Out of the three ADCs in Meghalaya, the KHADC should have received the praise from the State Government. the services provided by the Courts of KHADC and received many praises from the Hon'ble Guwahati High Court; the strength of the Legislative Assembly of KHADC in which the debate is powerful; results of Bills created from time to time; Until now, the employees have not suffered from the loss of salary because there is no shortage of employees.
Saibon said that the party cannot dismiss the MDCs when they win their election but this promise is to understand and remind them that they have won from the party.
KHNAM urges the Government especially the Minister in charge of Home Affairs to order the police to arrest the owners of these shops first to find out the facts as such incidents cannot be known. The purpose behind these is especially those who benefit from shop floods because they have already insured their shops.
They demanded that the government should relocate only 194 households to the quarters of the state government as according to the RTI received from the Shillong Municipal Board, 148 households have been relocated. The HYC has also demanded that the families are not employees of various government departments of the State Government. The Harijan Panchayat Committee on 7th June 2024 regarding the evacuation of the residents of Mawlong Market area.
“The MDoNER sector has been making progress on various activities related to infrastructure, transportation, health, education, climate change and economic development to transform the lives of the people of this region.
If we want the future generation to be able to develop in society, we have to look at the skills of the youth to raise them up.
Proper shift handovers and meticulous instrument counts before and after surgery are essential to prevent errors.
“We are pleased that after visiting the MSOA office twice, we have met with the DSOs and we have met with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association, along with 25 associations where we have visited and we are pleased. to find out that in West Jaintia Hills District there are many halls which can host various sports competitions.
On receiving a tip, the police rushed to the scene but the road was blocked by the crowd and the police resisted to reach the scene and many policemen were injured in the fighting.
Shillong, March 11: Unidentified persons today detonated petrol bombs at the Puja Pandal in Umsning, but as they could not reach the place where they had been set up, they escaped. you are injured.
He also praised the mothers who work and take care of the children at this Creche although they have their own household but they have dedicated themselves to look after and take care of the children from the morning and evening. the health of the babies.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya State Council of Science, Technology and Environment in collaboration with Vigyan Sarwatra Pujyate will hold a one-day Science Festival in Shillong. .
At this meeting, the BGB troops also said that the people of India have killed many Bangladeshis on the border and the smuggling in which the BGB wants this to be stopped immediately, but The BSF said that the shooting should have been stopped because of the incident.
Baghmara, April 13: Thousands of students, civil society groups and community groups took part in a meeting convened by the A'chik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) in Baghmara today. , South Garo Hills (SGH).
The Chief Minister said that he did not say anything to allege that there is political suspicion but it was an answer to a question which he did not have.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi-Pnar people have lived in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills for hundreds of years.
Other speakers at the meeting were Area Vice Chairman, Ladies Circle, Gunjan Singhania.
He said that the right of the people of the North Eastern Region of India to special protection is based on three aspects, language deprivation, paid deprivation and lack of people in religion.
Both semi finals will take place from 9 February and details regarding the venue and Meghalaya’s opponents will be intimated in due course.
The Meghalaya Government has decided to ensure that the production of electricity should be adequate. This visit of the Minister of Power is important as it will ensure the production of electricity. .
The introduction of experiential learning in all areas and the incorporation of new methods by teachers in classes.
Police recovered 0.74 grams of heroin and 260 mg of Nitrazapam from Dashwanmiki Lamare, 30, who was inside the Sumo.
The college is funded by the National Higher Education Campaign (RUSA).
At present, the deterioration of the toilet has put the students of the college in trouble and this is not only for the students but also for the teachers.
The qualifications for those who are eligible to take part in this post of Soldier General Duty for tribals should be to have passed Class VIII, for those who are eligible for the post of Soldier Clerk/Storekeeper Technical For the post of Soldier Technical and Soldier Nursing Assistant, candidates must have passed 10+2 in the Science Stream.
As the district does not have an office of the District Transport Officer, they are currently seeking the assistance of the staff of the DTO office of West Khasi Hills District to see how to curb the smuggling of goods. that truck with coal.
The Congress party will visit the districts and villages to explain to the public the loss of Modi's actions. He said that while the Congress party is fighting to unite India, the Congress leader Takam said that the BJP is still trying to divide the country.
Intellectuals, entrepreneurs, innovators and government officials will participate to showcase and discuss the unique opportunities arising from the rapid adoption of digital technology.
Police have seized 29 vehicles and the fine they have collected from these vehicles has reached T.11,300/- tyngka.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
The government is ready to fight against those who want to create instability in the state.
In her speech, Dr Prema Gandhi, President of BWWA Shillong said that it is important for women to know and understand themselves and if there is a difference they should seek treatment. found the disease in early pork.
The Ministry of Tourism has launched the Travel for Life for Cleanliness Campaign at 108 places, the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting has confirmed the screening of SHS video in all cinemas in the country while the Ministry of Telecom has broadcast the SHS video. SHS ringtone on all mobile networks.
“We also discussed the call for advertisement of NEIGRHIMS in 2022 for about 80 posts.
Shillong, November 02: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today decided that two MLAs from the party will lodge a complaint with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday. Next month, said the leader of the meeting, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Before the meeting, Samla Lambert Roy Shabong, Environment and Cultural Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle, offered a prayer.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The FKJGP is continuing to support the farmers in the state through public meetings to raise awareness on the importance of agriculture as a source of income.
The party has urged the EM incharge to think carefully about this which could put the indigenous people at risk.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Laskein Circle President Samla Balawan Suchiang said that the KSU Laskein Circle strongly opposes the Assam Government's plan to build a Police Outpost in the area which is still the territory of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the DC said that whatever he can do in his capacity within a day will be completed as it will not affect the students.
Our people are skilled in various fields and this is recognized all over the world.
There are about 15 villages along the Umkhen River and if the Government brings this landfill on Sohlait Hill it will cause the pollution of the river and the affecting of the villages along the river. Eat him.
There are 1553028 voters in the state, of whom 783317 are women and 769711 are men.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Department of Social Work, St Edmund's College, held a meeting with the members of the Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practice on 8th May , in Khrang Village, Khatar Village, Sohra Hima.
According to the complaint lodged by Digvijay Singh, they were on their way to eat at Sector 58 Gurgaon when a vehicle driven by Digvijay Singh suddenly collided with them. Amit Sinha was seriously injured in the attack.
Former Vice President of the Congress Congress Party Khan Khong Dkhar today joined the UDP party.
The MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma has already sent a letter to the Central Government in recent days on the decision of the Legislative Assembly. that the Central Government should recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, the HFU congratulates the District Council and also the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Shillong, July 10: The Meghalaya Progressive Foundation (MPF) in collaboration with the Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Department, Sohra, has launched a campaign to protect the environment. Education Officer, Sohra, & Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority, Shillong.
The leaders of these four organizations said that they have also accepted the invitation of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WR Lyngdoh to speak to them tomorrow at 2PM at the office. his.
At this meeting, the MDA decided to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 of the government which will be introduced in Parliament on the first day.
Many times when they visit to check the Trading License of non-state shops, the state owners come out to protect the shops of foreigners. that court that sla.
In the women's category, Tamil Nadu came second and Assam came third.
During these visits, they will learn about the key issues in the delivery of clean and safe water to households.
HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “It is sad that this 58.16 kilometer road has been neglected for decades.
Shillong, July 22: The Shillong Sports Association (SHA) through its Secretary, Bah Dipshon Nongbri, has announced that it will soon start the 2024 season.
The student said that after this experience she became more encouraged in new studies.
Shillong, July 18: Three persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, two in Ri Bhoi and one in Ri Bhoi. 148 people.
The KHADC will hold an EC meeting to discuss this issue. The KHADC is against this. This is to win the people by the power of money. to the villagers to pour in money would be good.
Police in collaboration with BSF troops have joined hands to fight against drug trafficking in the state and today arrested one of the biggest drug traffickers in West Garo Hills District.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone from Tura, the CEM said that the salaries of the employees have been suspended for one month and the total has reached T.40 crore. The GHADC has requested the state government to pay T.4 crore per month for this purpose.
With the courage of the BSF, they were able to fight and protect the Dalu-Tura road.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Secretary to the Legal Department, Meghalaya, Bah W Khyllep said that the purpose of the EVMs and VVPATs is to conduct a clean and transparent election. happiness among the voters and public administration has continued to move forward.
Condemning the brutal murder of a mother by the GNLA in South Garo Hills, the Shillong Press Club has condemned the killing of a mother by the GNLA in South Garo Hills. supporting this journalist who did her job impartially.
She also informed the students that there are thousands and tens of thousands of sources of information through e-resources.
The government has directed all the Congress MLAs to donate their monthly salaries to the refugees in the state.
A reinvigorated Ayush has helped promote the power of thousands of years of traditional medicine practices when it continues to embark on this journey as of now," he said.
The opening ceremony for the public in these days is to get the residence of the Governor.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Two suspected drug traffickers have been arrested by the Special Police Team of East Khasi Hills District on Monday.
At the end of the camp, prizes and certificates were distributed to the participants by the Rangbah Shnong Ma A. Lypon in the presence of the Program Officers of the College.
This was discovered by BatesiTV on 4th July, 2023 and after a while, Bah Nicholas Kharnami alias Bah Manik came and expressed his sorrow over this. the hostility of the exploiters to pollute the roads and paths.
Sanjay Jaju, Secretary, Information & Broadcasting (I&B) and Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha, Secretary, AYUSH were in charge of media and information campaigns for the celebration of IDY 1st July every year.
Shillong, June 14: The Meghalaya government has so far awarded 16 mining leases to 17 different companies for the mining of Mawshun in Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has expressed his deep sorrow over the tragic incident. He was a patriot and was one of the army chiefs who made a great contribution in bringing about changes in the improvement of the army.
“We have conducted meetings with the Government authorities and leaders from the 58 GTC but it has not reached a conclusion to resolve the issues,” he said.
On Tuesday, Chiarmon Dkhar, as part of her continuous campaign to help the poor families, visited Dong Tpepswer.
Tyrshain Siangshai (INC) of Moosniang-Rngat;
The event was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) and BFI in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya. u important.
AIM stands to fight not only in Meghalaya but in all the States of India and around the world.
On the other hand, the two Sengs demand that the Government and the MLA should immediately cancel this order and take all necessary measures to protect the paradoh parasnam who have land in the border areas.
These food items which the LJK has donated to 190 households include 1900kg of rice, 190kg of dai and 190kg of flour.
Guwahati Police have registered a case under sections 370/371/372/34 IPC on 17.05.2019 with case number 81/1
Therefore, it is useless to elect small paid parties because after the election they will join hands with the Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Committee of the Union Public Service Commission (UPC) has elected Idashisha Nongrang IPS as the Director of IPS Officers. General of the State Police.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the Government of Meghalaya has decided to improve education in the state and thanked the Central Government for its support. work was not started by the State Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Home Guards and Civil Defense under the leadership of Bah F. Lamare today worked hard to rescue a tree from the roof of a house and a vehicle in Pamrakrai village.
The Prime Minister said India relies on other countries for 2G, 3G and 4G technologies. But with 5G, India has made a new history.
Shillong, March 22: U Dr Rangsan Thangkhiew, owner of Supercare Hospital, Shillong, today said that he finds that many people in Meghalaya have not yet received the MHIS card to help them when they are in need. treatment in the hospital.
The JAC has already sent letters to various authorities expressing their opposition to the Umngot.
This is the power of connectivity and the internet in bringing people and family members closer together as well as people and sources of knowledge.
On the other hand, the HFU urged the government to find a market for the farmers like in Bangladesh, because when there is a market, the people will continue to grow more crops.
NPP General Secretary James K Sangma MLA also confirmed the office bearers of the NPP in Mawkyrwat at a public meeting in the presence of the party leaders of the Meghalaya State Unit.
The army, health workers, pharmacies, police and police teams, police fire department, MeECL and Power Grid, food distribution department, FCI, Road Construction Department, Water Supply Department, Animal Husbandry and Dairy Department, Shillong Municipal Board, Sanitization Department of Shillong Municipal Board.
Tomorrow, Thakur will urge the Ministers in charge of sports in the States and UTs to participate and promote these programmes.
This tyrpad leaf is used not only for making jyntah but also for making sha saw.
The health department has already examined 77 people.
As they know, the construction of this bridge has been suspended for about 40 years due to the government not releasing the running bill of the contractors who are constructing this bridge, but the construction has started again. The construction of this bridge has been completed in the past few months, but the construction of this bridge has been suspended for about a year.
At the meeting, Japanese officials said that as of now, Japan and India have close cooperation in many fields in many states of India and are ready to expand. The Cherry Blossom Festival is one of the ways to work together, as well as in Tourism and Sports and especially to create opportunities for encourage the knowledge of speaking Japanese as part of creating employment opportunities in Japan for the youth of Meghalaya.
For example, in the USA, uranium has been mined in the Navajo Nation, the home of the Native Americans.
This is the way of the cross.
At the same time, NPP members will not be able to appeal to the Supreme Court of India regarding the CAA. took part in public meetings to support against the CAA in the name of the party.
After the hearing, the court has remanded CM Jha, chancellor of the university, for 10 days in police custody.
Shillong, June 29: The GVK EMRI has conducted a training for nurses on how to prevent heart disease. (ACLS) The training was conducted at the Emergency Medicine Training Center in Shillong.
The National Workshop was held with the aim of providing an explanation of the Model State Policy to the States so that they can amend and accept it.
He said that if you look at Ranikor Constituency you see many shortcomings in all aspects, roads, health centres, water supply, landfills. read and write and in many ways.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: Students who passed the Grade IV examination in 2011 but have not yet been appointed due to the government's decision today held an indefinite strike. at Student Square.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC on receiving a complaint from the residents of Umshangiar, Raij Tamu and Nongjngi District. According to the complaint No.11/2023 U/S 107/145 CrPC, the residents of Umshangiar village continue to rob the villagers of Umshangiar village. They have cut down the trees even after a complaint has been filed regarding the land dispute between Lumlakhiat and Umshangiar.
He said that through the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty 1950, the influx of people from Nepal to Meghalaya has increased which has been witnessed in Shillong and the border areas even though Nepal is thousands of km away from Meghalaya. .
He said that the office wants to take care so that there will be no mistakes in the issuance of shallans.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday sought permission from the State Government to hold a protest in New Delhi recently. He met with the President of India, Droupadi Murmu to remind her of the three demands which the party has already submitted to its office in New Delhi.
Later, Mitimai Basaiamoit, President of the Nonglum Women's Association, explained the history of the Children's Home which the Women's Association started implementing about 34 years ago.
Shillong, November 13: KSU Nongthymmai Circle and KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle won the quarterfinals of the 7th Bull N Lyngdoh Memorial Football Knock Out Tournament.
Suiam said the MDC has been elected to the JHADC three times and in the current Assembly he holds the post of Executive Member in charge of the Civil Work Department.
Four persons died recently and one in hospital. The deceased were identified as Balarihun Kharkongor, 27, Gracefully Nongbri, 23, Banteibha Bina, 20, Shantilang Nongbri, 28 and Korbarsing. Kharduid, 52, is from Thangshalai.
He also urged the members of the Seng to urgently meet with those children from families who have lost their fathers and to guide them to learn to walk in the right path and to become a Blessed are those who are like that.
The purpose of convening this meeting is to bring about unity among the indigenous people of this area so that they can preserve their ownership and take any decision without and be led by others.
This has been evident through the opening of the Rangthong, Rangjadong, Ngunraw Roads, Wahkaji to Mawphanrang Roads, Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin and Nongmluh. da The purpose of misleading the public only for the sake of election.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Police on Tuesday recovered the body of a 13-year-old girl from Shallang Police Station West Khasi Hills District. 2017.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Aibanshngain Swer, Director Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MGDA) said that although Meghalaya is rich in rights and resources, many of the people of the state they are still poor because they cannot adapt to this world in this modern age.
Therefore, the allegation of the Forest Assam is only to convince our people.
Democracy is an important factor in leading to peace.
At this public meeting, Bah Shylla said that in these days he said that he should have been removed from the post because he said this. to pass these laws, but there is still one who has given his support and is still in office.
The complaint said that on the same day at 7.15 pm, her daughter, who lives in Pune, informed that her father had been abducted and the abductors demanded Rs 2 crore. amount.
Banteidor Lyngdoh and Hamlet Dohling have been elected to the Cabinet from the PDF.
The KSU leader said this on the arrest of two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) from Wah-u-Tim and Saitsohpen villages recently. days on the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati village on 27th October.
Besides the Shongknor, other members of the MSCW are Semalotha Ch.
The Minister said in the House that the government will take all necessary measures to lift the ban on coal mining in the state.
" said Bah MH Dkhar.
At present, 50,000 people have been left homeless, 10,000 houses have been damaged, 500 places of worship have been destroyed and more than 1000 people have been injured. They lost their lives including women and children.
Shillong, November 13: Many people were injured in the incident and many were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
It was after 1950 that writings appeared in connection with Syiem Tirot Singh and that was the incident at Nongkhlaw on 4 June 1829 which is known as the “Nongkhlaw Massacred”.
All 100% of the employees in the SEZ areas can work from home.
Jowai, July 27: Out of the 16 teams that participated in the football tournament organized by the JSU Mynsoo Unit, the two teams that reached the final were Lyngdoh SC and Lum Ritab SC. Lum Ritab SC won the final by scoring 5 goals to 4 goals from the penalty spot.
Shillong Lajong FC played well from the start of the match and did not allow Salgaocar FC to score.
About 1000 people have been tested negative for the virus and all of them have tested negative.
Regarding Prestone's statement that the Chief Ministers of the two states will meet after the MP elections in India, the talks will be held in July while the date has not yet been fixed. The arrangement will be made next month, said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
Police have estimated that the suspect is between 40 and 45 years old.
Kitborlang said he has received accurate information that Jotin Khardewsaw has already joined the Congress party since
Nongstoin, Nailur 15: Members of WYF under the leadership of Samla TS Shangrit have met with the MS of the hospital, Dr.D.Lyngdoh and discussed in detail the preparations for the of the hospital to set up a Blood Storage or a place to store the blood brought by the hospital from Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today decided to punish the police for shooting dead Chersiterfield Thangkhiew, General Secretary of the party. HNLC rebels who came to surrender and live the life of the people of the village.
The government has worked hard to curb insurgency in the area, but the most important thing is to fight against it. The government needs the support of the people and at the same time it needs the support of the people. that development works in the area should go ahead.
Shillong, July 07: U Bah Rocky Hek, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) from Pynthorumkhrah, today handed over a donation from the Chief Minister Development Scheme worth Rs 2 lakh.
He said how can another weight bridge be opened in the same area especially when the contract with the contractor has not been expired.
The AICC has not yet set up an election committee, but the MPCC will send the names of the candidates and after that the AICC will sit the Election Committee to take the election committee. decide.
New Delhi, June 01: The Supreme Court of India has directed the media, including print, electronic and social media, to take strict responsibility and ensure not to spread false information. bring confusion of mind.
The union also found that some of the foreign shopkeepers who have issued their Trading License to another place have come to set up shops in Balat Market.
NPP Spokesperson Himalaya M. Shangpliang, who is also the Advisor to the Education Department of the State Government, said that according to Sections 10 (2) and 11 of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, officers or employees must be serving in Government departments.
To relieve the people from this problem, the CEM of KHADC has urged the Chief Minister to introduce amendments to the MMMC Rule, 2016 to address the problems faced by the people. The villages and those who earn their living from the forest industry should ensure that there will be no impact on the people.
The meeting was conducted by Andreas H Marwein General Secretary of the party, welcome speech was delivered by Pius Dkhar Symbut President and Dr Aman War Director. , where blood donors over the past 6 months were honored.
However, since the foreigners did not pronounce Mawlong Lynnong, the name Mawlynnong came instead of Mawlong Nong.
This day is celebrated to commemorate the day when India gained independence from British rule.
We must therefore be vigilant individually, in our homes, in our communities and in the country as a whole lest these unrighteous forces work within our souls.
He said that take this as a Christmas gift to your village because I cannot distribute it myself and it is not.
Three silver medal winners were Mewanshanlang, Iaphilabet Rani and Haridey Tamang while Nangkitboklang Diengdoh won the bronze medal.
“Many Garo who live in the villages under the Raid Marwet have lived there since the time of the French.
Shillong, July 27: After an emergency meeting was held today to discuss the D.EL.ED results released by the NIOS for the two districts of East and West Jaintia Hills. The district has decided to hold a meeting in Shillong on the 1st of November at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
KimchinLhangum, Deputy Director, NEIAH, followed the National Anthem.
The BSF has been strengthening its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh by using modern technology to arrest smugglers. The BSF has decided to fight against these smugglers.
There are 12 lakh youths between the ages of 12 to 30 years in the state. The government is preparing for the youth to get various opportunities to train themselves in many fields. and the government has launched several projects for the youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Rudy Lyngdoh Tron on the morning of 25th June of the organization.
Jowai, Nailur 16: Two villages under Laskein Block, Khonshnong and Pyntei, have been in darkness for more than six months.
Furthermore, the Seng demands that the Revenue and Disaster Management Department should release 34,53,600/- which the office of the DC of South West Khasi Hills District has sent to the Department. 1044 The remaining longings.
Before the wreath laying ceremony, short speeches were delivered by the leaders of various political parties who attended the ceremony. The laying of flowers at the foot of the statue of the hero of Jaintia Hills.
The Directorate of Economics and Statistics, Government of Meghalaya will conduct a survey on the income of the population of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Board of Education today announced the results of the 2013 Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination (SSLC).
Speaking to SP News Agency, the general secretary of the party said that the election should have been held earlier but due to unavoidable circumstances, it has been postponed until now.
The death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah was celebrated in the state today.
More than 610 people were arrested from 2022 to 2024.
The Tripura State Logistics Policy envisages the construction of aggregation hubs as storage hubs, construction of truck parking lots and driver rest areas, management of slasha related activities, jri , agricultural products, health and education, distribution and EV development, and financial benefits.
Not only that, but the mining of uranium has led to the displacement of the villagers from their lands which have been their homeland since ancient times.
The training was sponsored by the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences, Institute of National Importance, Bengaluru in collaboration with USAID-MHA-UNDP in charge of “Developing Resilient Cities”. through Risk Reduction in the Context of Disasters and Climate Change" which has been launched in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 16: A group of civil society organizations in Meghalaya today held a public meeting at Motphran to explain to the public on the need for an Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya to prevent illegal flooding. of the pictures.
Martin M Danggo, Minister in charge of PWD and MLA of Mawshynrut, has demanded that the Mawshynrut Administrative Unit be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division. The Prime Minister said that Ranikor should be upgraded to an Administrative Unit.
The annual revenue from the North East of India is estimated at T.7000 crore and with the implementation of the GST, it will increase further.
Shillong, July 25: The National Voters Day was celebrated today across the country, in Meghalaya too and a marathon was held in Shillong.
The Directorate of School Education & Literacy (DSEL), Government of Meghalaya recently launched its first ever campaign on setting up School Nutrition (Kitchen) Garden (SNG) by observing a bag-less day on 29April, 2024 under the theme:.
Regarding the recruitment in the Police Department, Bah Tynsong said, “The posts are still vacant and we are still in the process of publishing the advertisement as the Cabinet has recently issued the approval of some amendments to the existing Rules of the Police Central Recruitment Board and we have already amended and will soon issue a public notice.
Many government officials were also present to witness the recruitment ceremony.
He said that this place is now fully equipped with medical facilities.
Bah John urged the Village Authorities and Church Authorities to take action to educate the people in the field of health as it was found that the people of the area still need a lot of awareness in many areas especially in relation to infant care.
In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, they have worked hard and brought honor,” he said.
Mission Shillong and the date is on 27/07/2019 at 11 am.
Shillong, March 21: The National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Block on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the party's candidate for the MDC election to the KHADC. in the year
Police have arrested two persons, a man and a woman, who were allegedly involved in the party.
The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission is a forward-looking initiative to build the development of children in the years they need to grow up.
Shillong, July 07: “I don't know when they will release the names of the candidates, it is up to the AICC. on the day of God or on the first day of the month.
The BSF has decided not to allow this smuggling to Bangladesh.
On this basis, the union strongly condemns this person who is involved in smuggling and disturbing the movement of others.
Because to date, out of the 54 Himas - including the 25 Khasi States - the KHADC authorities have already drafted 19 Hima Acts and many of these 19 Himas do not have Rules. to make Acts and Rules for 35 Himas including Acts and Rules of Raids, Shnongs and especially of Dorbar Kurs.
The CrPF team will arrive in Garo Hills tomorrow morning to assist the state police in the fight against insurgency in the Garo Hills especially in the Nongalbibra area.
Masharing said that according to the notification issued by the Assam Government dated 15/04/1951, the boundary of Assam is from Umiam, Umket to Umkhen. It borders with the Jaintia Hills District.
Dapalei Warjri, entrepreneur and Pynshngain Kharbuli, a dancer were also honoured.
The Minister urged the people to follow the government's directives to protect themselves and their families as well. heal faster.
These vehicles serve more than 7 crore people in the rural areas of the state.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The JSU strongly condemns the killing of two Rangbah Shnongs The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has strongly condemned the killing of two Rangbah Shnongs this month. One incident occurred at Nongjngi village in West Jaintia Hills district and another incident occurred at Jalaphet village in East Jaintia Hills. and Ken Syrtis.
Nine policemen were injured in the clash between the police and the crowd while the number of civilians has not been counted. but you don't have to worry.
They were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for treatment.
It is learned that two days ago the union had met with those people who should have received this assistance but they have not yet received it. don't.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed tit seeds to the farmers.
Those who wish to pay their respects to the Archbishop can pay their respects until the 23rd before 1 pm.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who led the MDA group including the UDP, BJP, HSPDP, PDF, NCP and independent MLAs, said that the The Bill will cause problems to the people of Meghalaya as well as the North East of India as a whole and this will cause problems to the peace and stability in the region.
The first phase of the campaign was held from 15th April to 2nd March
Therefore, the union has decided that if the office cannot resolve such misguidance or violation of the rights of others, the union will not hesitate to take other measures.
Regarding the number of Casual Workers, Work Charge Staff, Muster Roll and also on the payment of wages, the Union said that it will seek RTI information from the PHE Department of the State Government.
When SP News Agency visited several Assembly Constituencies in the 17-North Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, it was seen that the people had lined up to cast their votes before the deadline. Voting starts at 7 am.
The nine-day training program includes training on sewing as well as sewing techniques for mothers, as well as training on how to install, maintain and clean sewing machines.
They also demanded that the farmers who have been damaged by the floods should be compensated immediately.
Police have seized the vehicle, the drugs and taken the suspect to the police station.
The union expresses its gratitude to the village of Thangskai for accepting the mistake by lodging a letter of complaint against Ayush and his father to the DC of East Jaintia.
This is a long standing wish of the residents of this village because in the past this was a wooden bridge to pass from one side to the other but after the MLA became a blessing to them public.
Shillong, November 28: The Eastern Riwar area under Pynursla has become a special place given by the Mother Earth for its beauty in various forms.
He called upon all the supporters of the party to be ready to fight if the government cannot implement the demands of the people.
He said that the committee has fought for the best.
Today's youth should empower themselves not through political drunkenness but through self-education," he said.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the Association held on Saturday.
In his speech, the Interim Syiem of the Hima, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem, said that since the division of the Hima Shyllong in 1853 into the two Hima Mylliem and Hima Khyriem, this Riad Mylliem has been going on for 169 years. The Raid Dorbar has been held today.
The ceremony was conducted by Bah Raphel Warjri, owner of Da-La-Riti Academy in the presence of the family and friends who attended the awards ceremony.
On the part of Major General Raju Chauhan, ADG NCC, NER, he extended his special greetings to the team.
The UDP party has won the MLA elections 2023 and the party congratulates all those who have supported the UDP party in the MDC elections. said Dr Mawthoh in a statement.
There are also those who have lodged complaints with the members of the Seng in this area.
Therefore, it has already been adopted by the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District Adoption Regulation 1952 through Section 79 of the North Eastern Reorganization Act, 1971 and also through the Meghalaya Adoption Law Order
He said that the NPP is for the people and the struggle is to preserve their identity and their coming together in one group is to raise awareness of the problems of the people. of people in power.
According to JL Das Secretary of the Central Puja Committee, there are 61 pandals in Shillong and 192 pandals in different parts of the state.
Shillong, March 06: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Shillong, today announced that the ration for the month of June will be three kilos per person. card and the price is T.30 per kilo.
Eventually, this film will be released with the contribution of the residents who love and are proud of their village.
"The development of the North East is essential for the economic development of the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: As the mid-term MDC elections approach, it will be a great encouragement for the BJP party that two MDCs will join the party. Nalin S. Kohli, General Secretary of Meghalaya, said that the party has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the state.
In this rule, which was introduced today by Bah Paul, it also clarifies the license from companies to retailers in small shops. he gave inheritance.
The meeting was attended by officers of the Police Department and other officers from several departments of the State Government.
So far, crores of people have received free vaccines and now those who have reached the age of 18 years will also be involved.
Meghalaya is expected to experience heavy rainfall in some parts of the state from today 14th to 18th. .
“If you say I am misleading and don’t know the law, please lodge a complaint against me and this is not the last time I will come this way and there is still one more I will announce if “The officers have left because the government doesn't have the power,” said Bah Nongrum.
After passing this resolution, the House sent a resolution to the Central Government that Meghalaya should also be included in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 on 23/12/2 .
If we allow such things to become laws, we the small paid people in the North East will be overwhelmed by the authorities and we will lose our power in governance, income, land and Your customs and traditions will disappear.
Shillong, July 24: The Cabinet meeting today approved the recommendation of the Ministry of Mining and Geology to take special care of the coal mining industry by the state government. The Coal Mines Nationalization Act, 1973, through the proclamation of the President of the State of Meghalaya.
Don’t miss this chance to experience the thrill and power of the Indian Air Force at Umiam Lake!.
An investigation was conducted and the BDDS team rushed to the scene.
The online exam is scheduled to be held on 21st, 22nd and 24th June, 2024 while the offline exam is scheduled to be held from 15th to 18th June,
When there is a close relationship between the people and the army, it will create a sense of peace among the majority especially in the fight against neighboring countries.
Speaking to SP News, East Khasi Hills District Police Chief M Kharkrang said that police have received a tip that two children who went missing from Shillong have been found by the police. Delhi Railway Police at the Railway Station of Delhi.
He said that there has been a discussion between the KHADC and the government to bring about cleanliness. cooperation from all sides.
If you have any problems with the truth, you should tell us, the Warder or me.
such an insult to the State Government and affects the dignity of the State Government.
This contest is only for married mothers.
With the opening of this Civil Sub Division, the demand of the people of Ri War Mih ngi has been fulfilled for 40 years.
Shillong, March 15: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that three people have died of COVID-19, Jobita Thabah, 65, of Upper Lumparing, Sagar Burma, Basuk Thabah, 42, of Lawsohtun Block
He said that it is this firmness of your faith that has brought other nations to the Catholic Church.
After this date, no application will be accepted.
Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla, Union Minister in charge of Education Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' and Union Minister of State for Sports Kiren Rijiju attended the meeting.
The Prime Minister urged the Central Government to accept the increase in the cost of the construction of the medical college to T.244 crore in Tura.
On the other hand, the officer promised to do whatever he can to provide.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Genrous said that the main reason why they are facing problems in this field is because of the Cattle Prevention Act, 2021, which has been implemented by the Assam government. the judges on their part did not know what to do.
Four persons were arrested from this vehicle, three mobile phones worth T.14000/- tyngka. The arrest was made by the East Jaintia Hills District Police. to eliminate alcoholic beverages.
The booklet was launched by Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Sengkmie and the music video was launched by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MDC Jaiaw Constituency.
There have been 162 recoveries, mostly from East Khasi Hills (98), West Khasi Hills (42), bringing the total number of recoveries to 80,2
When asked whether there is a gate in Mawlasani, the DC said that there is no gate because it is not a place of entry and exit. Assam Police today have to take action.
It will be very beneficial for the residents to be able to eat food that is free of pesticides and produced in their own village or country.
The Director General of Police said that the law will not forgive anyone regardless of their position and the law will do whatever is necessary for those who riot.
Our breathing of pollution affects our health in many ways and affects various parts of the human body.
Para Ri, we should not just sit idly by but we should come forward to show that we are against CAB, the country needs me and you and it is our duty to preserve our country. .
If you change the questions, they set only the intellectuals without thinking about the middle and lower children.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said the state government has set up a committee to look into what will help the students in terms of doctoral studies. The committee has submitted a report that the NEET should be held, not the state's.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Vice Chairman of NIIT, Vijay K Thadani, on Tuesday said that it is a great honor for students from Meghalaya and the North East to study. the language of the world is English.
The industry is being monitored by the Federal Ministry of Defence.
The festival will be attended by skilled weavers from all over the North Eastern Region of India. there are also those who buy from abroad.
The number of Indian citizens who have returned from Ukraine by various flights has reached 6200 today, including 200 students. and 7400 will be evacuated in the next two days.
These items were distributed in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, teachers and the villagers congratulated the BSF troops for providing this support to the people in these villages. aid.
We will stop, we will look into all of them and the government should also know which interviews have passed and which are still pending and those who should have been given jobs.
Scheme which is their share to bring about economic development in the village and the district as a whole.
The employees of GHADC have not received their salaries for 11 months.
Those who attended the event were the Heads of State, Sengbhalang and Government officials.
Therefore, we demand that the RR with AIIMS, New Delhi should be revised and the recruitment should be suspended immediately until the procedures are completely revised,” he added.
“I would like to ensure that the remaining roads in the village are completed as soon as possible and also to clean up the road to the Iing Dorbar and also to ensure that in Umphyrnai all the roads the road will be cleaned with colour," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 23: HSPDP President Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been taken to NEIGRHMS for treatment.
“One person has been arrested in connection with the murder in Ichamati and another in connection with the murder in Mawlai Mawroh,” he said.
When the Government wants any land around Ri Khasi Jaintia it has to be acquired according to the Land Acquisition Act, 2013 it cannot just take it. “I don't know what to do,” said Bah Kynta.
The State and Union Territory Governments and the State and Union Territory authorities to take the necessary measures to ensure social distancing to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
The Stadium also shows the government's readiness to promote sports in the State.
He said that the financial support to the MTD is to provide fees, accommodation and other necessities.
Speech was also delivered by the Principal of the school Shri TP Tmung who explained the status of the school and the purpose of the school. for the purpose of opening up opportunities for poor children who do not have the opportunity to study in the city.
The white tree is the first friend of those with visual impairments and is a sign that identifies them when they walk and stand.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The three day Suk Mynsiem shad organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar has ended today amidst the rain. I'm going to take part in this dance of the Khasi people.
Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie has visited the meat processing plant of the State Government, which is located at Mawlai Mawiong.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the MEMRIWU leader said that the meeting today was to remove the GVK company from the state. The Minister said that the government is ready to withdraw from the company.
And a special thank you to all those who have suffered from this fight against COVID-1
“The 500 and 1000 tyngka notes are not lost as misunderstood by anyone, the money is yours, but you have to deposit it in the bank or going to replace it to get a new one".
The UHM said that Syntein is a village that has the potential to develop tourism and as it is now it attracts a lot of people and it is an area that produces a lot of kriah ki shang. .
Speaking to reporters after the dismissal of the employees, KHBBA General Secretary Wanboklang Kharsati said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Officer of the SMB since and after a complaint the work was stopped.
This was stated by Kmen Myrshiang, General Secretary of the party in a statement.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the Central Government Institute and Agriculture Scientists. The BJP's mission is to gather and explore ways and means from all parts of India to develop policies that meet the wishes and expectations of the people.
According to Section 34(b) and (m) of the Disaster Management Act, 2005, the road has been closed to traffic. while the repairs have not been completed.
On the other hand, the doctors urged the government to provide the necessary facilities so that they can provide adequate services to the people especially in the rural areas.
Those who come for treatment are the biggest beneficiaries of the Full NABH and Entrylevel recognition, as it brings better care and happiness to those who receive treatment.
On the other hand, it is understood that the BJP will announce its candidates this month.
Ltd,() and in the presence of Dr R Kyndiah, M&HO, Kong T Mawniuh, Lab Technician, Department of Health, Government of Meghalaya, who helped to explain on the issue of Malaria. .
He told the audience that in 1990, Bah Brian and his friends formed a group and through this group, they started searching for the undiscovered crematoria of Meghalaya.
The police have followed the guidelines of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
Shillong, November 16: According to the 2011 census, Meghalaya has a population of 29,66,899 and only 1,38,902 are over 60 years of age. The percentage is only 4.7pc of the population.
The KSU said that the speeding of vehicles has put in danger to the school children. The KSU demands that the government should also put white signs on the roads to teach the people how to drive. to avoid injury.
“We are happy to see the trial because at the time of the introduction of the CAB we started the first strong protest from the North East and when the CAA was passed, the protest spread to Rithor,” said Thabah and added, “we also see that the protests held in the North East have a lack of media coverage from Rithor and abroad. foreign media take notice.
The residents of the village have given their cooperation to the government on this day to fight against this disease which has shocked the whole world.
Shillong, Nailur 28: East Bengal beat Shillong Lajong 1-0 in the semi-finals of the Bordoloi Trophy 2016 at the Nehru Stadium, Guwahati today.
Risingbor received a Certificate of Appreciation for his participation in a workshop on the making of traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya (2008).
At the same time, the party strongly condemns the police who are searching for the party leaders.
The political party leaders held public meetings at their respective places and the election campaign ended on time as stipulated by the Election Commission of India.
In this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner Shri Garod LSN Dykes promised to send the complaint to the Government to look into the matter so that the people can be happy in relation to the PMAY scheme. July 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that one case of COVID-19 from West Garo Hills has recovered, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The meeting was attended by the Hynniewtrep Achik National Council (HANC), one of the civil society organizations in West Khasi Hills. VR Rajwat and to the Chief Secretary that the party wants to implement these roads in West Khasi Hills.
Lyngoh Kitboklang Tyngkan is the son of Bah Pakalang Phawa and Hoidien Tyngkan from Mokyndeng village. It took about 16 years to complete his studies.
The arrested are M Sangma, 20, of Karaigora and Chota N Sangma, 30, of Lower Puksora. South West Khasi Hills.
This ban is not only for private individuals but for all companies or any mining activities carried out without the permission of the relevant authorities whether from the Central Government or the State Government. .
Residents including the superintendents of schools at Lady Veronica Lane, Laitumkhrah on Thursday protested against the proposal to evict the street vendors who used to sell their goods along the roads in different parts of the country. the village of Laitumkhrah.
This also led to the loss of Highway 40 (E).
This is also to raise awareness among the people to come forward to donate blood.
Momin is also a BJP National Council Member and contested the Lok Sabha elections from Tura Parliamentary Constituency in
The tournament was organized by the Futsal Association of Meghalaya (FAM) with the support of the Futsal Association of India and the District Sports Promotion Society, East Khasi Hills.
We express our satisfaction that the KHADC has seen the concerns of the people of the area by canceling the NOC of the two lane road to transport uranium and replacing it with a road that will really contribute to the development of the area.
In this special meeting, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Education Secretary FKJGP Central Body, expressed his gratitude by saying that these schools especially the school in Sumer is one of the schools that have been given. Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the schools in these areas are still too small to provide adequate services to the residents of these areas. Schools in Sumer have been a blessing to the poor families because besides the quality education and the fees are very affordable compared to other schools. He said that the results of the school have been very good in which the school has been able to train and produce many patients for the past decades. until this present moment.
Hispreachring Son Shylla was born on 7th July 1954 and passed away on 7th July 2020. He is survived by his wife Susana Syiemiong, three daughters and grandchildren.
He said Meghalaya is the closest to the Golden Triangle which is used by drug traffickers as a route, including Myanmar, Thailand and Laos for the production of opium, heroin and other drugs. types of alcoholic beverages are produced from these countries.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister in charge of Culture and Heritage, today met with Union Minister of State for Tourism, GK Ready. and also to look after the customs and traditions.
“What we have seen from this incident is the rudeness of the truck drivers.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh said that before selling the drugs to the public, they have to check that they are made from herbs.
The award ceremony was held in Delhi.
: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) won 293 seats while the Indian National Congress won 232 seats in the 543-member Parliament. Seat in the Lok Sabha elections will be held on Tuesday.
The Chief Minister has been invited to attend the ceremony when the NDA will regain power under the leadership of the BJP for three consecutive terms in the central government.
The Village Authorities shall be empowered to promote income generation.
Hundreds of supporters of the UDP party have come to accompany the candidate in the filing of nomination papers for the MLA election to be held on 10th June 2023 in this constituency.
“The location is large and not only Mawlai but also Jaiaw, Mawprem will be close to Jaiaw and Mawprem for the treatment of people who want to escape from the confinement. chain on drugs," said Bah Paul.
He said that the phrase “unless he is permanently resident within the territorial limits of the said Autonomous District” should be deleted so that the Constitution of the Sixth Schedule cannot be strengthened.
Akashvani will present programs to promote Yoga as a lifestyle and for the welfare of people, in collaboration with the Morarji Desai National Institute of Yoga, a group within the Ministry of AYUSH. The Department of AYUSH has prepared a 'Yoga Geet' which will be distributed in all media outlets.
The speakers expressed their pleasure to witness the cooperation of all the 3 units of the FKJGP as they said that as neighboring villages for many years they have been trying to cooperate with each other. many aspects especially to curb the various crimes that have increased due to the spread of illegal drug traffickers in the surrounding areas of the border of the villages and other parts of the country. The leaders of these women's organizations expressed their confidence in the FKJGP and are ready to cooperate at any time when the organization needs them. you are snohkti.
Among the 25 students from the state who have reached the final round of the Meghalaya Zone, Mebanpynshngaiñ Khyriem and Mangpaka Nongkynrih have been selected from the Meghalaya Zone for the Final Selection Trial. The Reliance Foundation Young Champ in the U-13 category was also the last trial before they entered the Reliance Football Camp in Mumbai.
Jowai, Lber 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bakur Dawki Unit, on 5th March 2014, held a meeting with 100 households at Khasi Pnar Secondary School, Bakur.
It is to be recalled that recently, the Karbi have even robbed the Police with jri siatsim.
The union strongly demands that the authorities should immediately pay their salaries especially at this time of crisis. shed.
The JSU has alleged that the lack of 108 Ambulance in Amlarem Sub Division will cause a lot of trouble to the people of this area especially with the increase in the COVID-19 pandemic, the service of 108 will be a solution. to prevent the death of critically ill patients.
Shillong, July 18: The Ministry of Information & Broadcasting has noticed that many reality shows now show children dancing in the same way as adults in movies and other forms of entertainment.
Other deceased were identified as Sonali Banai, 7, of Boro Ryngku, A Nathan Dajel Sangma, 12, of Begora.
He told the families of these policemen that India is still progressing in all fields today, the basis of this is the dedication of the policemen and the country will not forget their contribution.
Owners should not allow people to enter pig farms and detailed guidelines are available on the website of the Animal Husbandry Department of the State Government. don't eat pork after you've checked it before buying it.
Minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya urged these graduates to become employers and not job seekers so that the income of the country will increase.
“The AJYWO also congratulates the state government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, as Chief Minister, for taking the decision to oppose the Central Bill.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rones Lyngdoh, Market Manager, said, “As Market Managers, we have done this job to serve the people properly. kriah the market dwellers.
After this, Rangbah Skor Jala, Chairman of the Committee of the Elders of the San Seng Khasi Kmie, concluded the part of the thanksgiving ceremony.
“As the leader, I would like to thank the management of Bansara Eye Care for organizing this initiative to eradicate the diseases affecting the eyesight,” said Bah Pynshngain.
The spokesperson of the party asked the Congress party if it is concerned about the infiltration of foreign authorities into the state why it does not say anything on the Indo-Nepal Treaty. signed in the year
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that after the body of Kitdorlang Marbaniang was found on the evening of the 18th of this month, the police did not hesitate but monitored the case. The suspects were identified as Pynshailang Warjri, 32, of Umtangar, Ri-Bhoi and Banshngai Tynshong, 28, of Umtangar, Ri-Bhoi. He is a resident of Umtangar, Ri-Bhoi District.
The statement by the state government or some of those who believe that the uranium mining in the state has been completed is a ploy to mislead the people and those who oppose the uranium mining in order to pave the way for the project. There are two lanes as you want them to be able to dig into the ground.
It’s a serious issue.
Similarly, in India, the best universities are private universities but they have to follow the guidelines of the UGC because its guidelines are clear and there will be no discrimination. to explain something else.
The markets for jhur, soh and tympew will be held at SRGT Parking Lot, Polo Second Ground, Golf Club Parking Lot, Mawlong Hat Parking Lot, Rapsang Market Complex. and the bus stop above the Anjelee Parking Lot.
Other officials who attended the program were Addl. Secretary, Education Department, Prajnya Saharia and Chief Electrical Officer, Nilamoni Sharma.
Initially, the issuance of Scheduled Tribe Certificate, Scheduled Caste Certificate, Firearms Certificate and Permanent Residential Certificate for those who go to study further. long and a certificate in the field of income.
While in Mawthadraishan, there is a dispute between Boldness L Nongum and Irin Lyngdoh, from Pynursla, Prestone Tynsong and KK Dkhar. tremendous.
Jowai, July 05: Two persons were seriously injured when robbers shot and damaged a vehicle of journalists at Darang near Dawki on Saturday morning at 11.30 pm.
The union also condemns the proctor's order to leave all the members of NEHUSU at midnight but urges only the President to stay alone at the University Guest House.
L.Pariat requested the Prime Minister to help the children of the day laborers so that the Government can provide about 10 percent in the form of employment and education.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Deepshikha Singh, wife of an Army Public School in Shillong, has been crowned Mrs Galaxy 2017 of India.
Shillong, March 05: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
What they decide they will let you know.
He said that he escaped from the tyrsim of the robbers with the help of the people.
you grow you par.
The party requests the cooperation of all the residents of South West Khasi Hill District for the development of solansar.
At the same time, the police have warned the people of Meghalaya not to turn to the place where there is no incident,” said SP Shillong, Nail 28: District President Wanbiang Pulang on Tuesday put up signs around Jowai and in some parts of West Jaintia Hills District to ban all shops. Hardware sellers of dewbilat are no longer allowed to sell dewbilat produced by Topcem until the issues that occurred on 24th July, 2033 are resolved on the date of the public hearing. of this oil refinery.
In a major step in this regard, India will assume the G-20 Presidency on 1 November
At the meeting held today, the government will provide 100 oxygen beds at IIM Shillong, 100 beds at Umsawli and 40 beds at IIM Shillong. Please contact Carona Care Centre.
The award was presented to him for his rescue of Rolandroy Lawai from the Umnamlang River on 25th October 2017 under Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
Bike riders with a liner must have a license.
There are 2562 polling stations.
“He (Bah Ranee) supports the Bill and not the EC,” he said.
In the category of Kannada films, his film, which he himself is a director, actor and writer, is one of the three films in the country to reach the current list. anniversary of 15 talented films competing for the Golden Peacock Award at the 54th IFFI.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Luois Dohtdong President of the party, after meeting with the Chief Minister, they submitted a petition to the government to formulate a policy to allocate 80% of the share. work in companies should not be state owned.
These pigs from Meghalaya are smaller, they lack shelter but they are very tasty, these pigs are easier to grow but they are very tasty to eat and the demand for these pigs in the market is very intense.
There will be 50 shooting competitions in the 10 meter, 25 meter and 50 meter events. There will be 10 people from the NRAI to conduct the competition. this competition,.
Meanwhile, the meeting decided that if the NDA government in Delhi passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016, the NPP will withdraw from the NDA in Delhi.
Himanta said that in fact this should have been resolved in 1972 when Meghalaya was separated from Assam. The people of Assam are respected.
NK Moa said that according to the demand of the villagers to change the name of the project, it is up to the state government to take a decision to change the name of the project. Mao.
The party has informed the members of the CEC to attend the meeting to be held at the residence of the president of the party to discuss the uranium issue and other urgent issues of the party. .
Shillong, Lber 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to hold the budget session for four days from three days.
The Union Minister for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Shri Narendra Singh Tomar and the Union Minister for Culture, Tourism and Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), Shri G.Kishan Reddy watering the oil palm plant to inaugurate the Business Summit on National Mission on Edible Oils – Oil Palm for North Eastern States, in Guwahati on October 05, 2021.
The winners of the competition were Phidawansanilee Wahlang 12 years old who won the silver medal, Edahunsha Challam and Cheltis Shylla who won the bronze medal.
The need for an Act to regulate the Dorbars or Seng Kurs and on the state of peace and order in the State.
This will affect the officers and the problem is that the officers will no longer be able to work.
Shillong, July 31: The filing of nomination papers for the MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has started today. friday.
In this decision taken by the Cabinet Committee on income generation, it was said that even smaller villages will now get the same benefits as larger urban areas.
Still they did not see lasting peace.
If you send a speaker, he will speak without finding anything.
“The Community Health Center (CHC) Ranikor is no longer sufficient due to the lack of doctors, nurses and staff,” said Forwardman.
Thus, the e-governance initiatives with the belief in 'Reduce Governance, Increase Service' have reached the Village Authorities which is a great work done by this Government when Prime Minister Duh The e-GramSwaraj application will be launched in June
In the 1860s, Kaing Nangbah led the revolt against the British.
The Cabinet has decided to resume the previous procedure until they raid another district, and to ban the movement from one district to another.
Every year, the government celebrates the death anniversary of this hero on the 17th of this month who fought against the British. in the year
There shall also be a provision that the himas or raids, villages shall use the land for the benefit of the villagers, not to sell it to anyone.
The Lamphang said that the root cause of the collapse of the Dome, which means that there will be a team of inquiry to find out the truth, will be brought before the HPC. tomorrow morning to make a decision and he will let you know.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House said that the target has been set to complete the work by July 2024 and the Synrai Dorbar will be held in the new House.
When asked whether the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP to work together in the upcoming MLA elections in the state will accept KHNAM and the PDF, Dr Donkupar said they have not yet recognized. The PDF has been suspended by the Congress party, which includes Bah PN Syiem.
: the mutka is a collection of information; it is outside or outside; it is not a sign.
New Delhi, Nailur 03: U Manish Desai today took over as the new Principal Director General of the Press Information Bureau (PIB).
On the other hand, the KSU SWKH District said that not only that, this man has also gone to threaten the relatives of this youth who are now in fear and anxiety.
“If Bah Anthony speaks harshly at the meeting at Madan Student, who else is inciting to destroy the houses in Umsawli and those who incite to destroy the houses of those paradohs should be arrested first. parasnam within the Respondent.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) Amlarem welcomes the decision of the State Government to set up a Standing Coordination Committee (SCC) to bring about understanding between the BSF and the people living in the BSF. village on the border between India and Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 20: A group of civil society organizations and 20 villages from Diengphatsoh area have said that the statement of the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs that the protest was led by civil society organizations to demand to stop land acquisition is wrong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The nomination for the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ended at 12 noon today. Mr. Goodleaderson Nongsiej has been appointed by the People's Democratic Forum (PDF).
Rev RR Rapsang Administrative Secretary, Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly.
At the same time, Bah Warjri said that more than 80 percent of the people of the constituency have supported the UDP candidate. (SP News).
In his speech, the Director of Doordarshan, C.Lalrosanga said that he hopes that this Christmas will bring love to all the people in the region.
“He said the HNLC believes that it is necessary to end the conflict between the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The BSF today conducted a free medical treatment at BOP Bhadur in South West Khasi Hills District and more than 400 people have received medical assistance.
The Cheetah Project is only 10 years old and it is too early to predict the success of the project as the rehabilitation of the cheetahs here is a long-term project.
The Cabinet has decided to extend the term of office of Colonel Gautam Rai in the Military Board and Officer Sila Military Board Tura, the Chief Minister said.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Bisawa Sarma today met in Dispur to discuss the border settlement in the second state. .
Therefore, when we examine these factors, it may be that Hindi has taken over from the Khasi language in some respects, if not completely.
If this action of the CM is true, it will affect the small paid community as it should continue to grow.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, after examining the complaint, has directed to send a copy of the complaint to Dr Mukul Sangma for clarification on the allegations against him under the Act. 7(3)(b) to submit the explanation to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat within nine days from the date of receipt of this letter, according to a letter sent today to Dr. Mukul Sangma. in the State Legislative Assembly.
“Also, on the rape of an orphan child from East Jaintia Hills, which was recently published in Mawphor last June this year, “The union will not stand idly by but will continue to monitor the case,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, July 25: Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Ahtasamul Haque Chowdhury, President of the Samgunji Chamber of Commerce of Bangladesh, said that the visit of the Samgunji Chamber of Commerce The state has to discuss when the government will release Mawshun as many of the quarries in Bangladesh have closed down.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Nongtalang Elaka, Dawki Village and civil society organizations like the HYC, HYNF, KSU and JSU expressed their opposition to the However, it is not yet possible to open the border from Tamabil to Bangladesh.
The meeting was also attended by Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, Dr.K.Madan Gopal, Head of the National Health Systems Resource Centre, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the Central Government along with other officers and dignitaries.
The Minister said that it is true that there are those who want the government to reduce the land issue for the permit of small coal miners because according to the rules they can apply for The coal mine should have 100 acres of land.
“We have agreed to pay monthly because the day laborers work from Tuesday to Tuesday and the money should be deposited into the bank account.
On July 10, 2023, Rupala will meet with Self Help Groups of mothers, farmers and people working in the fisheries industry of the area.
Shillong, Lber 19: The GNLA today released a letter appointing its ksiang to talk to the government on behalf of the party, Muktiar Sujit Dey. .
However, the problem is that the Congress party has received orders only from the high command.
After discussions with the NAHAI authorities to temporarily resolve the issue, it was decided to build a nar bridge and this was instructed to the Secretary of PWD and the Chief Engineer of the National Highway. that they will follow up on this and report to him weekly.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has taken note of the MPs of the region who have expressed their concerns that there are problems in the delay in sending the DPRs due to the inability of the governments. The state should issue utilization certificates and many others but he said that these should hinder the development of the area.
On 31/3/2024, the curfew will be from 8.00 pm to 2.00 pm and only Ambulances will be allowed.
Shillong, March 18: The demand for a district between the Sohra Civil Sub-Division and the Mariang Civil Sub-Division is no longer new but has been going on for nearly 20 years. now.
He congratulated the AMKA for organizing this championship and said that Karate is one of the most prominent sports in the State.
To immediately set up testing centers for the public, to distribute vaccines to all goods and vehicles entering the state.
Bah HS Diengdoh who was the Chief Guest on this occasion congratulated the KSU for organizing such a tournament which has never been seen before in the area and also on the memory of the leaders who have done good deeds in the tournament. Sometimes valid.
To date, the eSanjeevaniAB-HWC program has been implemented in more than 18,000 health centers and more than 1,500 Hubs.
He urged the people to think carefully whether they have to elect MDCs between the Congress or the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, which are hiding within the BJP. The longkmie who won the MDC election did not reach the goal.
Shillong, Lber 28: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the death of a young man from Wahkaji village who was shot dead by non-Khasi men at Golflink on the 21st of this month.
The union demands not only from the Health Department but also from the leaders to improve the quality of life of the people as soon as possible.
As the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, she has struggled to educate the people on the construction of houses and how to do so that they can get strong houses and avoid them. injury.
From Vinod, BSF also recovered money from Nepal, Bhutan, Pan Card No. BBSP No. 386480 and ICICI ATM Card No.
“The improvement of health care costs has been one of the priorities of our Government,” said Prime Minister Duh, adding that through Ayushman Bharat, about Rs 80,000 crore has been allocated to them. poor patients due to lack of treatment under this scheme.
Furthermore, the pre-bookings for the second phase of covishield will continue and will not be canceled in CoWIN. days after receiving the first dose of covishield.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Children from Nongkseh Rim village, while washing their clothes in the Umsohlang River, today saw a box of clothes underwater.
There was no goal in this game.
Regarding the cost, the Minister said that the total cost of the construction of the new block will be about T.12 crore.
In addition, the Dorbar Shnong has also prohibited the employers from bringing in more than one or two foreign workers.
He urged the MeECL officials to provide accurate information as he said that the residents and especially the parents of the school children are in the dark about the MeECL has not taken admission in schools for Class Nursery from 2018. There is something wrong with the decision to close down these schools next year. come.
The validity of these existing laws depends on the validity of the Government.
She urged all the states in the region to look into the implementation of the Homestays Strategy to achieve the vocal for local goal and also to support the development of tourism in the rural areas of the region.
The Master Degree has started in the first class of 2022 and the Degree will start in April 2023, if there are colleges that cannot start now. the year must begin again next year.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu today declared a public holiday on the polling day. 19/Jun/2024.
During the inspection, it was learned that the Chief Minister has asked the people to stay at least 10 meters away from each other. from the market.
The winners of Group B were Banasmita Kashyap (1 prize), Tahrima Sultana (2 prizes) and Shruti Kalita (3 prizes).
“In our meeting with the ADC of EJHD, SS Syiemlieh, we have raised many demands on the Aadhaar registration process.
Shillong, June 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) in a statement has warned against tourists visiting the Sohra area after receiving complaints about the rudeness, pollution and illegal activities on the roadsides of the Sohra-Shillong Road especially in the areas below the Duwan Sing Syiem Bridge.
One of the grounds on which the HSPDP demands is that Meghalaya should be brought under Article 371 to protect the customs and traditions of the people in terms of culture.
Thus, it is like a brief statement or a statement of the people about what the political parties stand for.
It is learned that the number of people in the village has started in these days and so far it has reached 50 people.
“We strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment 2016 of the Central Government, the Bill to amend the Citizenship Act 1955, so that the Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi minorities can be granted citizenship. , and Christians from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan who have already settled illegally in India, on the grounds that this Bill will seriously affect our minority community in the state as a whole, besides “It is against Article 14 of the Constitution of India,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The Seng would like to thank Bah Y. Lyttan, SDO PWD Road, National Highway Division for his promptness and initiative to visit the road on 23rd May Upper Shillong from 7mer to the parts before reaching Lummawbah.
Shah directed the relevant departments to conduct a thorough investigation into the recent floods in Sikkim and Manipur and send a report to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Although the news is not true but misleading, Bah Pynshngain Syiem said he is ready to accept any independent investigation into the matter.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Union Minister in charge of Tourism, Culture, DoNER and Vice Chairman of the North Eastern Council (NEC) G. Kishan Reddy today held a meeting with the NEC officers at Secretariat Complex, Shillong to oversee the work.
The scheme, which covers 18 types of traditional activities, will also empower the artisans through knowledge of modern equipment, marketing, understanding of digital and financial activities and support. of loans, which increase their production capacity and enable them to market their products in a more efficient and orderly manner, he said.
Virendra Khatri, Director (Finance), NYKS, New Delhi, Headquarters, NYKS officers in the state and about 105 volunteers took part in the program today.
Besides, traditional foods, wild fruits and products produced by farmers were also brought.
The examination has been completed with the Skill Test but no appointments have been made yet.
The Secretary of the District Council Affairs Department, Bah Taining Dkhar, told SP News Agency that the department has not yet sent the names of the winners to the Governor. The winners of the mid-term MDC election are Bah Lamdibok Sumer for the JHADC while Bah Hispreching for the KHADC. Son Shylla, Ricky Shullai, Samlin Malngiang, Equador L Nongrang, Blandingstar Warjri and Kimfa Sindey Marbaniang.
In the fifth grade category, Naphibaniar Kharkamnai came first from Laitkor Khasi School, second place went to Khasi Seng Upper Shillong. Arbest L Nonglait of Upper Shillong Khasi Association and Anthia Jana of Mawlai Khasi Association.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that they provide daily information on the condition of each area in order to curb insurgency activities in the area.
In this regard, Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the party has requested RTI in this regard to get clarification regarding the transfer and appointment of employees. These are the police officers in the State.
Members of the party also set fire to injection needles and drugs.
If you want to ask questions, ask them one way, not at midnight.
His Excellency Dambajavyn Ganbold, Ambassador of Mongolia to India and Major General Prasanna Joshi, General Officer Commanding 51 Sub Area of ​​Indian Army.
Some members also escaped from the police bullets during the arrest.
On this occasion, the people were explained how this disease affects the brain and how to prevent it if it is recognized as having this disease.
Even the citizens who have that sense of responsibility for the safety of the passengers, can take pictures of the violators and send them to the Police, where the Police will take the necessary action,” said the SP (Traffic). ).
Police said the victim was identified as N Luikham, 50, of the Indian Forest Service in
At this meeting, he urged the Railway officials to prepare a plan to have check posts at the railway stations.
The District Administration has given permission for this march.
Nittin Khera, General Secretary, Shillong City, said that in the first phase, they have conducted a signature campaign in which about 6,500 people have signed the petition and will send the petitions to Uri.
Other roads that the PWD wants to improve are the VIP Road connecting Mawlai to Ri Bhoi via the Airport, the Nongmynsong to Shillong by-pass.
The disease is also present in four states namely Bihar, Assam, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh but has not spread as much as in these other states.
Shillong, March 15: Former Meghalaya Minister Herbert Suchiang has passed away today after a long illness.
To become a visible trader one must make a mature decision to do anything in trading.
With the aim of making it easier for the people to reach their destinations faster due to the severe traffic jam in Shillong, JETS24x7, which was founded by several Khasi youths in On Saturday, the e-scooty was launched to operate using the Mobile App.
"The Meghalaya Education Symposium 2023 has served as a meaningful platform for exchange of ideas and collaboration between leaders, education experts and stakeholder groups.
These 22 persons were arrested during a raid at the parking lot of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
"India, which is working towards its goal of becoming a developed country by 2047, is transforming its education system," Duh said.
There is a need to address their problems in society and to ensure that their rights are not violated.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The BJP government in Delhi has failed to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 in the Rajya Sabha today. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a march across Shillong.
“If Meghalaya lags behind, India cannot move forward,” said Wasnik and added that the Congress which ruled the CM will continue to provide assistance to the people of the state. in the present and future generation.
The tournament is part of the celebration of the 10th anniversary of the association with the aim of developing talented youngsters in football.
“It is sad that the people have supported the calls of the Sengbhalang in the past few days, but the Sengbhalang does not think about the welfare,” said Lakiang.
Speaking to reporters by telephone, Bah CA Diengdoh, Sordar of Raid Tynring, said that these four families are the rightful owners of the land. build houses and become permanent residents of the Raid and live by agriculture.
The participation in the Visit Bharat SankalpYatra has exceeded Rs 15 crore.
Heavenstone Nongrum, 83, of Riatsamthiah, Shillong, has died today, bringing the death toll to
Mawngap Police have registered a complaint on 15/7/2023 that a RS200 cc bike (ML-05-P-6045) has been stolen from Umlympung, Mylliem. U/S 379 IPC. After receiving a tip, the police raided Amlarem in West Jaintia Hills District and arrested another person. The bike was recovered from Padu while three other suspects were arrested from Pynursla.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Cabinet today decided to increase by 100 percent the salaries of teachers of all schools which have received assistance from the Government of Meghalaya. The decision to increase the salaries of teachers also includes Hindi teachers, 4 teachers who teach in SSA schools.
Tura, Naiwieng 15: The residents of Chibonga village in North Garo Hills District have arrested three persons and two persons. and they were able to flee.
“I have spoken to the Ministry of External Affairs to ensure that they are protected on their way home.
Regarding this request, the Minister promised to send back to the Central Government regarding the request for a PHC in Sawsymper.
The polling hours will be from 10 am to 3 pm. All Members of Circles and Units under the jurisdiction of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit are requested to take part in the election. to the office bearers for the term 2018-2
On the other hand, Pala expressed the hope that on the first day, the AICC officials in Delhi will send the names of the candidates for the mid-term elections.
JJ's Cable Network: Oct. 20, 21, 22 and 23 at 6 p.m.
The CEM of KHADC said that they will send a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Syiem Raid Marwet to come and explain the construction of the house belonging to the Assam Police in Khanapara. The explanation for this is that the KHADC does not believe that the house that was built falls within the state of Meghalaya.
There are 1889 recoveries so far, 47 recoveries today and four deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths to
Regarding the use of plastic pipes in the villages of Ri Bhoi District, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there has been a working relationship with the government to use plastic pipes as it is difficult to get them. These plastic pipes are strong and good.
Because we live in a time of many differences even though we are one nation, we need to 'respect each other'
Police in East Jaintia District have received a tip that a Bolero (Assam license plate) carrying explosives was heading from Sookilo to Kongong village.
: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has been formed under the leadership of former UDP (L) President Dr Donkupar Roy and former UDP (L) President Dr Donkupar Roy. Former HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, who is now leading the VPP, the new party in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that the protest will continue until the elections are announced in the state and after that they will take other decisions. ensure that the central and state governments should implement the ILP in the state.
In India, since ancient times, we believe that nature protects if it is protected.
Those who worked only two or three hours went away.
Speaking to reporters, Shulai said that he and the party supporters from Shillong South want the party to give ticket to Dr Fenella L Nonglait. having been a member of the party for a long time.
It is explained that the Karbis entered Assam from Central Asia in a massive migration at that time. In the past, the Karbis lived on the banks of the Kalang and Kapili Rivers and along the Kaziranga River. Under the rule of the Kachari kings they were driven to the top of the hills and some of them entered the Jaintia Hills and the Jaintia kings gave them shelter and they lived under the rule of the Jaintia kings.
This airport is located in the middle of the mountains.
“People empowerment is an important part of nation building.
In this regard, Bah Dhar has lodged a complaint, police said on Thursday.
To get it, you have to fight and whoever wins will get it.
They are especially the Hima on the border with Assam.
Friends, this is the time of curfew, and now we have to stay at home, but none of us is alone.
The BSF troops are vigilant to ensure that the illegal trade in alcoholic beverages does not spread. In many cases, the cooperation between the BSF and the police has led to the arrest of the perpetrators. you're bad.
On Twitter today, the Chief Minister posted a picture of the food items being distributed from Shillong and after the distribution, the food items will be sent to South Garo Hills District by helicopters to deliver them. places where people have faced difficulties in getting food.
There have been 10 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to day.
The Seng said that the illegal residents in this area under the Municipal area raise cows, dump garbage into the streams and rivers and this affects the health of the village.
After 15 years of serving as MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Vincent H. Pala has been defeated by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon. He received 3,71,910 votes.
In his speech, the Lamphang said that this is the first time in KHADC because it is a glorious victory by more than 15 votes.
Police have arrested a Sumo from the village and seized a mobile phone. A complaint has been registered at Lumshnong PS Shillong. Jymmang 21: BSF troops while patrolling on the border with Bangladesh have seized a truck carrying sugarcane at Bholaganj in East Khasi Hills District.
BSF seized 15 cows from West Jaintia Hills on the border with Bangladesh with the intention of sending them to Bangladesh. While the people managed to escape, the BSF found that most of these cows were carried by vehicles belonging to villagers near the border with Bangladesh as these people have detailed information about the situation. The BSF has been facing difficulties in the attempt to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
After independence, when the heroes of the country and their leaders wrote the Constitution, they held the beliefs in freedom, equality, unity and justice.
“The election period has become a time of income for some, which has deteriorated the political work of Hima Sima, but the party believes He is confident that 100 members of any party cannot deceive the tens of thousands of voters of this constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: A group of civil society organizations under the banner of CoMSO today launched a flag raising campaign across the state to demand the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 22: In just two days, the people of Meghalaya will celebrate Christmas, and the state has been recognized as a Christian state, but the people of Meghalaya have lost their Christmas. shini that they receive at Christmas time every year.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The CSWO today in a statement by Agens Kharshing urged the people not to elect the MLAs who are contesting the MDC election as they will not be able to serve the people. .
The program will start in November in Shillong with a bike rally.
In connection with today's thanksgiving, the suit lama, which is part of the invitation to the gods to come down, to give the blessings, so that the organization shall receive the power of God to carry out its duties as established.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of the District have provided all the necessary security measures to ensure that in case of any incident they can take action during the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the District. .
The opening ceremony was held at St. Francis Xavier Hall.
The three-day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, which is held every year, started on Saturday with the participation of more than 400 male and female dancers at Weiking, Jaïaw.
The Commission will also conduct an inspection of the works done under the MNREGS scheme in the state and will hold consultations with the members of various Village Employment Councils (VECs).
The question is, if we as the BJP party, if we destroy the livelihoods of the people of Meghalaya, how will the people from the city and the outskirts of Meghalaya come to join our party? in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
The KHNAM leader said that Conrad has changed the term “Continuous Process” just to mislead the political parties and civil society to say that it is no longer a retrospective but those who are more intelligent understand that this is what he has changed. The spirit is still in the retrospective roster system.
The NEC spokesperson said that all these are the works of the NEC. There is nothing wrong with the NEC.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Sanbor Shullai MLA Shillong South in the presence of BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh and party office bearers from Meghalaya today announced that the party will Jousha Warjri has been nominated as the MLA candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency.
On the other hand, the Deputy Director, Bah Ajoy Lanong, said that about 126 districts from all over the North East will take part in the Red Fest. to come and take part in this campaign.
“Therefore, the party urges you to take immediate action against these incidents so that they will not happen again in the future.
Shillong, June 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent its personnel to close down its office at Umsohiong due to lack of labour. License to employees.
As Wahkaji is the most remote and backward area in SWKH District, to develop this area in terms of development works, it is necessary to have a Block in this area. Revelation.
," said the leaders of the five organizations.
The allegations of these channels were found to be baseless and dangerous with regard to national security, India's sovereignty and integrity, and India's relations with other countries. country.
Synrem said the party has urged the Government to take measures to establish Fast Track Courts/Special Courts as included in the DREAM Project, for the purpose of hearing cases. Under the NDPS Act, it should be done as soon as possible, especially in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The employees of the Postal Department in the rank of Gram Dak Sevak (GDS) in India today staged an indefinite strike to demand from the Central Government. to implement the report of the Committee known as the Kamlaesh Chandra Committee Report.
The farmers' union led by President Michael Donald Lyngdoh and Secretary Kyrmen Kharryja in a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, has requested the government authorities to expel these wild animals due to the invasion. The lives of people who go to the rice fields are also threatened.
Many have worked hard for this.
The six national parties have nominated candidates for the 15th Lok Sabha MP elections. The AAP has won 3 MPs, the BJP has won 240 MPs, the INC has won 240 MPs. The CPI(M) has won 99 MPs, the CPI(M) has won four MPs. The two parties that have not won a single MP in the 2024 MP elections are the NPP and the National Party. The BSP, these parties have not been able to win a single MP in the 2024 MP elections to the 15th Lok Sabha.
We feel riewshay here, if we just tynneng or explain the property of others while the property of our own without respect and without respect or respect for it.
The Seng also understands that the bank accounts have not been implemented within 10 days. The Seng has not complained to the authorities, as this is in accordance with the Guidelines of the MGNREGA Scheme of the Government of India.
He urged the students to use these trainings to achieve their dreams and contribute to the development of the community.
In the last three years, the organization has been able to help improve the Balika Vidhyalaya School on Keating Road at a cost of 17 lakh tyngka.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Bashan L Mawnai, General Secretary of HYC Mawlai Circle.
The need is not only because many of the Heh ki Hain who land by helipad in 7mer Upper Shillong pass through this highway to reach Shillong, but it is also a major road connecting the East. Shillong Peak, Elephant Falls, Sohra, Dawki, Mawlynnong and many other famous tourist attractions. you have to walk on this highway.
The State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that the party does not want to say anything about what has happened in the court, but what they demand is to remove the SP and DC. get a clean investigation.
Chiteej Kumar Ram and Laweibakordor Thongni, Database (Part I): Richarldy Dkhar, DTP – Mawanshwa Warjri, Web Designing – Deidaphi Kharmaw, Expert – You Are The One.
According to those who used to run tourism activities in Shillong, the shortage of foreign tourists is due to the fact that the government has announced longer than the tourists who used to come to Shillong. they could no longer prepare themselves.
At the same time, the government has also laid down the rules that those who wish to come must apply through the offices of the Deputy Commissioners and certificates from government departments to get permission.
Shillong, July 03: Police today said that on the 19th of last month, they recovered the body of an elderly man from Lumshyiap, Nongmynsong from a small room. The deceased was identified as Bom Bhadur Thapa.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has called a special meeting on his behalf to see how far this work has progressed.
The BSF seized the drugs while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh from Baldamgiri.
These youths were welcomed and honored by the KSU on 29th November 2021 at the Executive Office of the KSU in the presence of Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary, Samla Shemphang L. Mawphlang Litigation Secretary, Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang Organizing Secretary and other members of the association, Bah L. Warjri President of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) together with the parents of these young athletes.
In this campaign, the residential streets and village streets were cleaned.
This year, the Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya has announced that the Raj Bhavan will be open for two days on the 14th of this month. and date of this month.
Bah A.Shanpru, Head of Sohiong Police Outpost, said that there is a law against child marriage.
The procession was attended by devotees from all three Dioceses.
Shillong, November 25: The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong has received 165 children from the poorest and most poor families in Ri Bhoi District, Umden Arka, Shillong. East Khasi Hills from Lyngiong Umkaber village in Shillong from Goraline and in the past 10 years they have spent T.16,80,000 for them.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has appointed Bah S Sutnga as the convener and Bah DS Laloo as the convener of the West Jaintia Hills District.
The program was held at the Composite Regional Centre, Shillong.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was conducted by Samla Alfred Dkhar, Finance Secretary Mawiongrim Unit and a welcome speech was delivered by Samla Damayan Skhmiew, President KSU Mawiongrim Unit.
The Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) in Mawsynram Village have been non-functioning for many days until now for almost six months. to provide special assistance to the people in need especially in the area of ​​daily expenditure.
Through this development of the airport, there will be many opportunities in the transportation industry.
Police have directed the public to obtain a police report when buying old vehicles to avoid any problems later. The registration of the vehicles has been provided by the District Crime Records Bureau. , Tura Police Station, the search operation will continue and hope to find more thieves.
Shillong, July 02: Garo Hills has been affected by insurgency in terms of development works even in the villages. This has affected East Garo Hills.
Special time has also been spent to distribute medicines to Shella PHC and Sohlap Sub-Centre which are the health centers for the people of the area especially at this time.
Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a blood disorder in which some strange red blood cells turn into a crescent or sickle shape.
Investigation revealed that all of them were ordered by different people to Bangladesh, to tell the members of the party who have to do their orders, from the documents it was found that there was an offer of money and the promise of new vehicles for those in the bomb squad.
On behalf of the MD of MCAB Ltd.
The president of MSSASA said that according to the RTE Act, under the fourth clause, it is clear that the state government should increase the allocation of funds for teachers in case of delay in sending funds. The Central Government and the State Government will still be able to pay the salaries of the teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today introduced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bill, Speaking in the House while introducing this Bill to allocate land to men, the CEM of KHADC said that this Bill when it becomes law will give effect. parents to employ their children, both men and women, at their discretion.
“To the Chairman of the United Democratic Party Parliamentary Party, on the above issue, I would like to inform you that the five issues, except the ninth issue, we have discussed within the Executive Committee of the The meeting was held on 16.02.2017 at 10.00 AM in the presence of Bah Don Sumer and Bah A Lyngdoh, EMs of the UDP.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: A man who went for treatment at Bethany Hospital Shillong has died after falling from the roof of the hospital. day.
The mid-term elections will be held in 8 Nongkrem, 15 Laban-Mawprem, 22 Nongspung-Sohiong, 23 Mairang-Nongkhlaw and 24 Pariong-Mawthadraish Constituencies. In the 1st War-East Constituency of West Jaintia Hills District which belongs to the JHADC, government offices and schools in these constituencies will be closed. on the third day to allow the people to elect their leader.
“The question we have to think about now is if they don't want to show up in front of the Assam Government when they are at the negotiating table to resolve the border issue. “I don't want to open my mouth to accept Mukroh, Lapangap, Khanduli, Langpih and so on,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has welcomed the decision of the Assam and Meghalaya Governments to hand over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the shooting death of four Khasi. Pnar at Mukroh village on the 22nd, November 2022 which celebrated its 10th anniversary on Tuesday.
On the part of these families who received the assistance they expressed their happiness and gratitude to these workers who have such a thought for them and at the same time they wished them all the best. to these employees to continue to do this work.
Assam won 12 gold, 6 silver and 2 bronze medals, Manipur won 10 gold, 14 silver and 9 bronze medals. gold, 4 silver and 10 bronze medals.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Three leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, Isaac W Basaiawmoit, Assistant General Secretary and John Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary, have been summoned to appear before the Sardar Police Station. on what happens in 2021.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) will hold a dance competition in Mairang on the 24th of this month. These competitions will be held before the India Got Talent competition starts next year.
“When asked, he said, “We have been working like this for 18 years and we thought it would reduce the number of children in the centers but it has not happened.
The shooting of Khasi in Langpih Market, West Khasi Hills in 2010 in which four Khasi elders were killed, the killing of Bah Tyngshain Mukhim by Nepali troops on the Ri Bhoi border at Raid Nongrung in 2018, the shooting death of 5 Khasi elders in Mukroh and other incidents.
The GNC has now accepted that the 25 arrested are members of the GHSMC and the President of the party has decided to hold an indefinite strike if the government does not release them. The 25th will be held on the 25th of this month.
The PHE will do its utmost to provide water in the morning and evening.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: Two bodies of Pynursla Police Station have been found this morning after a hard work by the Pynursla Police Station. Police are still investigating the incident according to the law.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We have urged the Prime Minister to inform the Central Government to fully implement the CAA, 2019 and The Rule has been issued recently and to implement the ILP immediately in the whole of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Seven cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, three cases from East Khasi Hills and four cases from West Garo Hills. days there are 4 people.
States are advised to set specific doses, ngi and targets to complete this work for these people.
Pala said he was asking for advice from the Hills Farms Union which conducted the meeting on how to help the farmers in the state as agriculture is changing even in the world.
Earlier, no one wanted to take polio vaccine but later they took it with understanding.
Shillong, Lber 18: Major General PS Behl today took over as the Commander of the Umroi Red Horn Division.
Meanwhile, the UDP has announced that it will replace Bah Metbah with Bah Brolding Nongsiej who will be sworn in as Minister of State tomorrow.
He also handed over an AK-47 rifle, 86 unused rounds of ammunition, a Walky-Talky and a mobile phone.
He said that the goal is to change the mindset of the people that through the actions of TULBA Mawlai will be to encourage others because TULBA alone cannot cleanse the whole country. you are in Shillong.
On receiving the information, Garobadha Police Station rushed to the village to collect the body and took it to Civil Hospital Tura for post mortem. Police have arrested Gola for investigation into the incident.
Famous musicians including Strait Brothers, Cross Roads, 4th Element and Cubicles performed.
On the other hand, the political parties that attended the meeting were KHNAM, MDP, NCP, NPP, UDP, Congress, HSPDP and GNC. The Prime Minister said that the HLC is not sufficient because there are many shortcomings.
In preparation to commemorate the birth of the infant Jesus, the MCrown Hotel at Khyndai Lad, Shillong, on Saturday called Please invite the children who have been cared for by the Reach Shillong Ministry to have lunch at 3 Olives Restaurant inside the hotel.
Shillong, June 25: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today sent a memorandum to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of India, Salman Khursheed expressing its opposition to the Central Government's request to The land in Meghalaya has been transferred to Bangladesh without proper inspection of the land.
Besides these residential buildings, a 100 computer training center was also inaugurated today for the benefit of the people of Garo Hills. which will be conducted by the central government.
Apbor, president of HITO, said that according to the service rule, government employees should be promoted every three years after serving for three years or more.
Shillong, May 08: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has gone to repair an electricity post that has been cut off by a fire in the tympew market following the publication of news and photographs in the past few days. .
However, the government has a long-standing concern and it is on this basis that it has requested more rice for the months of June and July.
Referring to the implementation of central government schemes, he said that the implementation will be more efficient.
The Road Construction Department of the State Government has been looking for ways to relieve the traffic jam. The Minister of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, has visited the road. The road from Mawlai Umjapung to NEHU which connects with the VIP Road to be improved for the convenience of passengers.
In the complaint, Bah Kharsati said that the PHC has been set up by the government and this is the wish of the people of the village and the surrounding villages because this is the place. that the people should get first aid before they go to other health centers when they are sick and the people of the area who have great respect for the doctors.
This is to ensure that there will be no tragic incident during public meetings or marches, and when requesting permission to hold public meetings, the permission of the villages should be obtained. meeting.
The Congress party from the constituency has expressed its support to the MPCC against the decision of the Narendra Modi government to hold November 25 as Christmas. such as “Good Governance Day”.
Other groups cannot come to the court because they don't know anything,” he said.
Shillong, June 20: The Miss Meghalaya 2020 will be held at Bakur, Dawki on the 15th of June next month.
His opposition was on the grounds that the state has not received the needs of the people.
Speaking to media, he said that 40 persons including those from Shillong and Guwahati were also arrested during the seizure.
Answering questions, he said it is true that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the state government has called for a meeting. Narendra Modi's visit to Shillong.
NHAI should not only repair, but also clean up because heaven has allowed it to do so.
There are 123 confirmed cases of COVID-19 today, 76 from East Khasi Hills, 42 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. There were 730 injured.
Prestone said that commercial vehicles have been allowed to operate at 50% speed in the state except Shillong from Monday. Private vehicles have been allowed to operate at 50% speed in the state. The state except Shillong.
The bench said, “Although initially we were thinking of delaying the approval and expressing our views in the Open Court, and putting it in place before issuing the order and by hearing many decisions of the Supreme Court and other High Courts and the principles of law, we have reversed our opinion, which allows in respect of the notice issued by the Supreme Court on the case of Kushalbhai Ratanbhai Rohit and others v. Government of Gujarat, published in AIR 2014 SC 2291, which states that once the order was signed, it became a final decision and Section 362 Cr.
The Minister spoke about the changes that have come through the Government's schemes such as the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana, PM Awas Yojana (Rural), PM Ujjwala Yojana, PM Kisan Samana and Kisan Credit Card.
Therefore, it is necessary to prevent the spread of COVID-19 especially in public market places for the safety of the public from the spread of COVID-19. businesses in these parts were sent to closure.
The HYC insists that 1971 should be the census year to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
On this occasion, Bah Robertjune also delivered his first speech to campaign for the MP election as the UDP candidate who raised many issues which he has a goal for the people and the state as a whole.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96523 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94828 people have recovered and 94828 people have died. 1619 people.
The HYC welcomes the government's intention to introduce textbooks based on the NCERT books, but this change should not affect the history and customs of the jaidbynriew, if the books are written by others. don't understand the nation.
He said that the reason why they have come forward to demand their salaries is because the muster roll employees including the work charges of PHE. Mawphlang have faced difficulties during these times during the Christmas season.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Youth Congress Mawhati Block, Bah Never Makdoh and other party officials said that if the Congress leaders give tickets to a person who does not have a ticket, The goal of victory may reach the point where we have to leave the party even if we have become bloodthirsty in the party congress.
Shillong, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal today enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the parking of vehicles from NH-6 in Lumshnong to Lumshnong. Malevolent.
When it comes to the distribution of “Lathi Chanrged”, it is only to disperse the people who have gathered.
Shillong, July 24: : The reports that the Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) has crossed the flag in the state are false.
The suspension and closure of offices includes banks, post offices, company offices from Mawlai including FCI Mawroh, Lumdiengjri, Motphran and Khyndai. Lad, Laban, Laitumkhrah, Malki, Nongthymmai, Nongmensong and also to other villages of Shillong.
Ri Bhoi Police have received a complaint from Bah Lasting Markhap and his wife that on the 13th of this month an auto driver and two of his friends raped their 21st daughter. He was born in Nongtraw Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Bah Lyngdoh said that the C'ship was built by the Ring which was specially built by the villagers.
One child who escaped was handed over to the Railway Childline, Guwahati for safety and investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya, Samagra Shiksha, the State Education Department and the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) have launched a social agreement to encourage school children to study. at NOIS training centers in the state.
He said that this summit is run by the people of India and that the G-20 is a golden opportunity for us to show our belief that 'Foreigners are Gods'
Before taking any decision, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, ordered the government officer not to appear before the House and sent him to take oath for the sake of the House. The court ruled that he had violated the rights of Member of Parliament John Leslee K. Sangma, and the state government officer apologized before the House.
He said that the next day, the police recovered another Lbong shyieng from the canal and on the 24th, the Krung shyieng was found after a search. very slow.
At the meeting held at the venue, BJP leaders said that from Nartiang constituency they will contest against Veecare Nicia Lamare.
It aims to connect pilgrimage destinations in a well-developed and sustainable system that has all the services for tourists.
According to him, the government will issue Identity Cards to these people so that there will be no discrimination against them when they come to work in the state and if anything happens the law can protect them. .
The distribution to the 19-Jaiaw MDC Constituency is a tribute to the people who have elected him twice as their MDC in the past 40 years.
Therefore, the doctors had to admit her to the hospital for further examination.
Dr. Lyngdoh stressed that the focus of the Union Minister is on the importance of the transformation from an Aspirational District to an Inspirational District to eradicate poverty and promote holistic development for the country. for the benefit of the people of the state and the country as a whole.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: Traders from Tambil to Bangladesh were waiting to hear whether the trade will open or not due to the curfew in Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister said that in the past years the government has changed the rules, but now the Deputy Commissioners without waiting for approval have been able to help in the distribution of tin sop iing according to the findings. of them in the Districts.
He said that farmers in the state have benefited from the PM KisanNidhi.
New Delhi, November 18: The Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Ashwini Kumar Choubey in reply to a written question on the fees for medical students in Lok Sabha today.
To raise awareness among the public, the Bansara Eye Care Center in collaboration with the Meghalaya Blindness Control Society has decided to celebrate World Glaucoma Week.
He said that social media platforms say that they have policies on the news they publish and that they also have algorithms that work.
Speaking on the occasion, the speakers said that the people are fortunate to have Bah Bull Lyngdoh who has sacrificed himself for the people of Hynniewtrep.
Therefore, we rely on the leadership of KNGCSU & Students Leader to do this, and we hope that with the cooperation of the Principal, this problem will soon disappear, and we request the parents of those students. who have not yet entered the class to be patient and wait a few days.
This amendment is to Section 3 of the Act and this amendment reads in English as follows: “(d) s) shall be deemed as Non-Khasi who shall lose the Khasi status and all privileges and benefits as a member of the Khasi Tribe who cannot claim preferential privileges under any law".
In West Khasi Hills District, 21 males, in South West Khasi Hills District, 16, 14 males and 2 females, and in North Garo Hills, 24 males.
Members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and representatives of the District Administration of West Garo Hills have gathered for the 2024 Meghalaya Games.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya prayed that the Creator will grant him eternal rest.
A complaint has been registered at the Sardar Police Station Shillong.
Karnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat, said that if it is related to uranium, it should be removed because it has been told what will happen. Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah said that uranium should be removed, as former CEM HS Shylla himself had gone to prevent uranium mining.
“I still think that the Congress party is a party that looks after the people, I don't think that Pleng is a party that looks after only a few people,” said Bah Khongsti. There are 8000 voters in Pynursla. As the leaders of the dissolved Congress will convene a public meeting to take a decision regarding this action of the MPCC by attacking the MPCC. The PBCC said that.
The road from Jingkieng Ranikor to Laidlad has been awarded to Bah Dengbor and the road from Laidlad to Nongkri has been awarded to Bah Rocky Dkhar. get into traffic trouble.
During his visit, he visited Pyrdiwah, Dawki and met with the people of the area to talk to them.
The Chairman of the JHADC, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that they have received a directive from the Governor of Meghalaya that the election for the new CEM of the JHADC will be held on the 27th. /09/2017.
About 50 bike riders attended the ceremony. There was a song by the prominent artists of the state. In the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Larsing Ming, President of the MFA.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, while talking to media, said that they will not accept the government's announcement issued by the state government on Tuesday to implement the CPC and CrPc in the state.
During the interview he recalled the G-20 meeting held in Osaka this year.
He said that at present there are only a few jobs to be completed and skilled labor is needed from abroad.
: you must snap yourself; you must sngew yourself.
At this public meeting, the Chief Minister announced that T.22 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads, T.12 crore for the construction of tourist accommodation and T.600 crore is pending. now the World Bank has received funding.
By 4 pm on 7/3/2023, only the MDA-II candidate Thomas Sangma has filed his nomination papers for the post of Lamphang in the Legislative Assembly. The opponent won peacefully and in the morning it was announced in the House.
After a thorough discussion, the Chief Executive Members said that the Government of India should incorporate the IOA & AA into the Constitution of India, and that according to the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, the Hima /Elaka should have its own Regional Council or Federal Council as proposed by the new Thirteenth Schedule, in which besides the Chief Executive Members from Village, Raid and Hima, there shall also be who are elected by the people according to the boundaries of the Hima.
This is as directed by the Election Commission of India.
Last year, Bah Pynskhemlang Surong also won the gold medal in the same category.
Police have handed over the body to the family members and the investigation is ongoing, police said.
“The meeting of the political parties on the reservation policy held on 31st June, 2023 at the Conference Room, Main Secretariat has decided that all the political parties should send their views on the reservation policy. 15 days.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 32 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today. They are BSF personnel, one is admitted to NEIGRIHMS and the other is from abroad.
Shillong, November 14: U Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the march today should have been peaceful, but there were some people who took advantage to disrupt the march. The police also have a lot of power.
At the same time, Bah Syiem promised to send an engineer from the health department to inspect the village.
A group of job seekers on Tuesday met with the Secretary of the Central Recruitment Board (CRB) Mary TG Sangma at PTS, Mawlai Mawroh to seek clarification on the revised guidelines issued by the department. related to the age of entry into the Police Department.
Regarding the Kopili Dam, he said that there is no danger to the dam.
The day was enriched by traditional Khasi songs by young men and women.
He said that besides the land under the SMB, those in Mawlai, Pynthorumkhrah and Nongthymmai Constituencies also have to register all those who sell land.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said, “We have approved the proposal to introduce NCERT textbooks as a revision to some of the These subjects will be taught by the MBOSE from now on.
On the other hand, the RDA in its meeting today expressed its opposition to the acceptance of the CAB by the Central Government. There should be no more protection for the people.
The members of the Coordination Committee, besides Dr Don as Chairman, other members are Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit Co-Chairman, Dr K Shen as Secretary and other members are Bah Bindo M Lanong. The Chairman of the Coordination Committee said that the work related to this project will not be completed soon.
When an illness occurs, they have to leave the patients and walk for 2 to 3 hours to reach the road.
The BAPS temple will be a permanent symbol of the belief in peaceful coexistence, harmony and harmony that India and the UAE have.
He said that this friendship will continue until the end of the year.
We will fight with the district authorities and if they don't do anything we will destroy it by the village authorities,” he said.
A total of 818 athletes from all the districts of the State will participate in the three days event starting from 31May to 2June 2023.
President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the discovery of the residence of the foreigners at Lum Survey is the center of drug trafficking in Shillong.
The people who live and farm in Pillangkata and Khanapara on the border of Assam do not want to be included in Assam but want to be included in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that schools will continue to be closed, but the explanation to the students will continue until the release of the other requirements from the government.
This step today is important to achieve the objective of Myntri Rangbah Duh to create job opportunities for the youth and to ensure the welfare of the people of the country.
As a leader, I have led as an MDC and MLA, I have the knowledge and understanding of how to lead the people so that they can benefit from seeing the development in this constituency, he added. now there are allegations and rumors because many are afraid of the NPP because it is still rising Arshah.
Tens of thousands of people attended the 12th KJP Synod Eastern Service which started on 13th October and ended on 16th October. The theme of the church is “To know, see, and hear the sound of the creation” (Rom. 8:22). Moderator of the Eastern Synod Rev.P.Surong at 10:30 pm Rev. DRS Nongdspung read and prayed and sang songs from the Choir of Synod Mihngi. Shangpung Presbyterian Church, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Church, Sutnga Presbyterian Church and Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church.
However, the committee set up by the Delhi University to review the syllabus has decided that students should take Hindi or 22 other languages. in Modern Indian Languages ​​(MIL) from Delhi University.
Reducing waiting times for test results by regularly checking with testing centers Using Rapid Antigen Tests (RAT) as a screening test in crowded areas and in areas do not create a new cluster.
There are 26 MLAs from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, 2 from the HSPDP, 2 from the PDF, 2 from the BJP and 2 from the independent party. and the PDF has led to the NPP to form a government peacefully.
COMSO said that if the President of India signs the Bill into law, COMSO will go to the Supreme Court to appeal against the Bill.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act.
During the meeting, Kumar expressed his surprise that the Meghalaya government has not released the money to the District Councils. The Niti Ayok will take action on this and the Meghalaya government will be asked to release the money as soon as possible.
The Ampati Division has received T.3300 lakh, this amount has been divided into three parts, for the improvement of Amapti T.1000 lakh, for the construction of the road from Ampati to Melim and four roads. T.1200 lakh has been allocated for the bridge and T.1100 lakh has been allocated for the construction of the road from Betasing to Isaguri.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the students have started their examinations and therefore the civil society should not hold protests.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh today launched 27 ambulances of the National Health Rural Mission (NHRM) at the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the participation of employees of this government department.
In his short speech, Dr Jemini Mawthoh said that besides the Marvellene Inn, there are also hotels like Shillong Club Night Inn, Pinewood and others. of the Manbha Foundation where up to 600 people have registered with the foundation as prostitutes.
The tournament was inaugurated by KSU President Lambokstar Marngar who was the chief guest.
Those who arrived at Khanduli were surprised to see how Meghalaya and Assam agreed to set up a police gate at Khanduli, which the residents did not understand.
The helicopter has been used by the Government of Meghalaya for the travel of the Chief Minister and for the Government Ministers when they have duties. bat in different departments.
However, the Chairman of the House, Bah LG Nongsiej, directed the CEM to proceed with his speech on the budget for the year 2018-2 Shillong, June 01: Bah RR Lyngdoh, Secretary Village Council of Wahra Village, on Tuesday said that the damage to houses and crops caused by the cold weather in Wahra Village on Tuesday has been reported. but you can't jubor until you're old enough.
Shillong 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has sent a message of congratulations to all the youth of Bri Hynniewtrep who will participate in the North East Olympic Games from 10th to 16th November
Shillong, Lber 18: Meghalaya Police in collaboration with Assam Police have rescued a young girl from Barpeta, Assam, who was abducted from Sawpherlong near Polo.
Heck, you talked a lot with him.
Riten Kma, Public Relation Inspector, Shillong GPO explained the benefits of the schemes available within the post offices such as savings, Dak-Ghar Retail Kendra, Dak Seva Kendra, Speed ​​Post and Parcel Post Services and India Post. Payments Bank services.
“Therefore, you are requested together with your relatives who have Aadhaar Card and MHIS, to come forward and link your Aadhaar to MHIS (smart card) so that you will not lose to the benefits of the scheme.
Archbishop Lyngdoh said it is a great blessing to the Church, which continues to work to preach and spread the Gospel and to promote literacy and knowledge.
The meeting will start at 9 pm and all members of the KSU are requested to attend the meeting. day at this place at the appointed time to pay tribute to this hero who sacrificed himself for the cause of the Jaidbynriew.
He said the Congress party wants to see India free from corruption in the coming years.
The JalJeevan Mission has been implemented starting from homes where the community has a significant role starting from implementation planning and implementation management and support.
All those who should have received the booster are requested to come forward to get the vaccination to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic. .
He said the party will send a letter to all the blocks to immediately send the names of the candidates to contest the elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. District Council.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said that he has had a collaboration since the time of Prime Minister DD Pugh, Captain WA Sangma, BB Lyngdoh, Purno A Sangma, DD Lapang and Dr FA Khonglam.
The Doloi may allocate land for government development projects.
They also discussed the registration of members of the HSPDP and the number of youths who have joined the party has now reached more than 5200 and what is interesting is that the youths from Laitumkhrah and Polo have also joined the party. who went to the party.
Furthermore, the cost of hiring apprentices in India is higher.
Shillong, July 02: Shillong Police have worked hard on the night of New Year celebration on the 31st of November.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have for the first time seized 3380 iitkhmat while trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh worth 16 lakh tyngka. .
The Presidents and General Secretaries of the Districts, Circles and Units shall be Executive Members.
In his welcoming remarks, Narayanan said the webinar aims to discuss the main aspects of the book written by Dr. Samudra Gupta Kashyap.
The HYC leader said that the book will be distributed to all the villages to read it and if there are any villages who want to get more explanation on this book, the of the party is ready to explain.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The closure of the marten by the Samla Mawlai Pyllun today is a violation of the rules and regulations of the KHADC, said Bah John F Kharshiing in a statement today.
It was also informed in the House that any scheme exceeding T.2.5 lakh which has been awarded to the contractors will have to pay GST, but if the employees are awarded to the Dorbar Shnongs there will be no GST. Replying to a question by JB Basaiawmoit, EM in charge of Water Resources, Ricky Shullai, said that it is true that the KHADC has suspended the workers to clean up the Wahumkhrah River. reason for no more funds from the previous scheme.
