From an RTI request by a Rangbah Khasi regarding the implementation of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act, 1873 in a state or district or parts of India, whether there is a need for the approval of the Central Government. , the answer you received was shaikdar , no work.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 27, one has died and 12 have recovered.
Shillong, November 16: It has been 77 years since the death of Myllung Soso Tham.
The HNLC said that the visit of the President of India on that day is a disgrace to the Hynniewtrep National Day.
Dozens of Adhoc teachers have taken part in the protest in front of the Secretariat. It may be recalled that in June this year, they held a strong protest in which the government called for speak to them on their claim.
Four positive indigenization lists (PILs) have been identified in which the import of 1238 items has been banned and 928 items have been included recently.
The arrested are Prodinstone D. Marak, Rongrak M. Sangma, Bhimsingh R. Marak and Donald R. Marak.
Not only this time through the PMGKAY scheme but also in the distribution of rice and other ration items to the public through the Food Security System known as the Public Distribution System from time to time. for.
She said that the people in this area are peace loving and have no racial discrimination.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Forest Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the decision to give the ticket to Bah Pala is based on the information they have received but the announcement has been issued by the party. Congress has not yet received.
A total of 352 participants took part in the photography competition.
If the Sixth Schedule is amended, the number of MDCs will increase to 40, 35 to be elected and 5 to be appointed.
It was in the tie-breaker that Combined beat Umrynjah 4-3 to win.
The RPF police teams, besides having the responsibility to protect the passengers, are also fighting against the illegal ticket sellers. All passengers have been directed to buy tickets from the places. Passengers are advised to call 139 if they have any problems.
Speaking on the importance of this bill to improve the governance of the country, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that this bill has been tried to be introduced since 2010 and since The KHADC has asked for the opinion of the people.
Many UDP supporters from different units have expressed their dissatisfaction that they have been humiliated by their leaders. .
A new tynriew cover, decorative plants and a well-designed siej fence were witnessed to attract tourists from all over the world who will attend the Monolith Festival. it will be at least in November this year.
Shillong, November 03: The BJP has won back the rule in three states, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. Rajasthan, while the Congress has won power in Telangana.
The leader of the rebel group emphasized their demand in accordance with the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Various political parties from Malki village under the banner of “Sur Ki Paidbah ki Nongmalki” today gave time to the government to temporarily suspend the police involved in the shooting of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at his residence in Mawlai.
As a nation that respects women, the Seng expresses its concern regarding the exploitation by foreign forces to attack the nation.
The CCP said the Customs department has set targets to fight against illegal activities at the border ranging from drug trafficking, cigarettes, wildlife products, counterfeit money and others.
He was taken to hospital.
He said the Co-ordination Committee has decided that the Urban Affairs Department and the MDCs of the urban areas will prepare the works as directed.
Shillong, November 13: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that three people have died of COVID-19, Nabir Limbu, 74, who died in Trevor O Lamare, 38, of Iew Musniang and Reading Sohlang, 88, of Nongpoh, passed away in Nazareth.
“Because of the allegations in the complaint against the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) sent to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, the notice along with a copy of the complaint has also been sent to the Commissioner and The order was issued by the Chairman of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Bhalang Dhar.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has said that 92199 people have recovered from the disease in the state since the outbreak of the disease and 92797 people have tested positive. The total number of deaths was
Tura, Niatung 15: The Garo Students Union (GSU) on Tuesday urged the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GSU) to introduce a law to ban foreigners. The President of Tengsak G Momin has said that the party will contest the MDC election.
He said the government will continue to work with the central government so that other people who own coal mines can get licenses to mine coal. to apply for a license to mine coal.
It will also ensure that only those who have made appointments in advance through online activities will receive medicines at their entitlement points.
The difference between the armed police and the armed groups is that the police follow the laws before using guns . If the Meghalaya police do not follow the laws before using the guns , what is the difference between police and armed groups.
In her speech, the Minister said that in the last five years, the Government has looked closely at the improvement of services to the taxpayers and this has brought about a major change in the which the task of paying taxes was easier.
These monuments were erected after the protests of the residents of Bangladesh who did not want their land to reach India. It has received 241 acres from Bangladesh.
He said that in the centers run by the Ministry, vocational training, MHIS Cards, Aadhar Cards have been issued and the objective of the Ministry is to ensure that the children they will receive treatment when they are sick.
“When inquired, Bah Boney Jyrwa said, “He (the suspected drug dealer) offered us Rs 50,000 but we did not believe him and we took him to Sadar Police Station.
In the letter, the Director of Food and Civil Supplies has directed all the DCs and SDOs to register the names of the households. poor people to get ration cards under the NFSA and this should be completed on or before 19th March
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government is ready to evacuate all those who will return by train from Guwahati.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that during the inspection of the tins at Lumphira, it was found that the tins were only between 40-41 mm, which is less than the 45mm set by the Ministry of Housin.
On the other hand, the SSSS said that there is no need to give more time to speak because this is not an easy task and there is a need for many discussions whether it is the ILP or the Tenant Bill or not. I don't have one spirit.
The Mission was implemented in collaboration with the States.
Besides these assistance to the farmers, the government has also implemented dairy cow and pig farming in the form of free loans to the village cooperatives.
Shillong, July 28: Two soldiers have tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong, July 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that two soldiers have tested positive for COVID-1 new cases in Meghalaya.
The Dorbar of Chiefs, in its meeting held on 3rd Jan 2014, informed the Chairman, NCST that earlier a group of 20 Syiems, Dolloi, Nokma, from Meghalaya had met face to face with the Hon'ble Shri. V Kishore Chandra Deo, MP, Union Minister of Tribal Affairs, and also Smt.
After the HSPDP started monitoring the demands, it was seen that out of the 38 demands for the recognition of the language within the Home Ministry, the Khasi language was no longer one of the top.
In Tpeppale, West Jaintia Hills, a Quick Response Team led by Sub-Inspector Y.Challam has visited Tpeppale village to remove trees which have fallen into electrical wires and endangered their traffic. public.
The employees of EMRI have stopped their work from 4/01/2022 to demand that the government should transfer the employees of EMRI to the government and this should be from 1 June The union wants the government to terminate the award of the contract to GVK to run the 108.
That attempt was to include the village languages ​​from all over the villages in all parts of the state except Garo, which has nothing to do with the Khasi mother tongue.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has said that these measures by the district or state authorities violate the rules issued by the Ministry under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act,
Also present on the occasion were Naimuddin, DIG and PSO, UK Nayal, DIG and PRO and other BSF officers. Thank you to all those who attended the opening ceremony of this school building.
Regarding the inability of Jio to provide the network, the union will not have to close down the office completely. The union has warned that until the network is sufficient, the office will not be allowed to open.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with Amit Kumar Advocate General of the State Government today met with the Union Minister in charge of Coal Mining, Piyush Goyal. to discuss how to lift the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, in reply to a question by George B Lyngdoh, said that there are 1291 contract teachers appointed till November of them from LP Schools and 72 from UP Schools.
There are 53 recoveries today and 553 people are still suffering from the disease.
He is 20 years old and police also recovered the Baptism Certificate from his mother which was received at the time of his baptism at the Presbyterian Church, Rupasara.
Byrnihat, Iaiong 05: A one day meeting on the annual inspection of factories was held at Maithan Alloys Ltd. today.
The Lamphang said that he had tried to stop the meeting but no one listened and he decided to adjourn the session without setting a time limit without taking any further action. don't trust anymore.
Such a meeting will be held again at Riad Shabong on the 22nd of this month and will continue until the 12th of November, she said.
On the other hand, the members of the Shillong Press Club cannot forget his willingness to accompany fellow journalists when they went to work in West Khasi Hills District. a great loss in this journalism.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the College, Bah Balawan War, the welcome speech was delivered by the Vice Principal, Aida C War. Kharmawlong, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lawrence Basaiawmoit, Sordars and members of the Governing Body of the College.
The Chief Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Central Government for allocating T.189 crore for the construction of a medical college in Tura.
Sadly, Bah Kilanson Marbaniang fell into the pond and drowned.
Answering a question, he said that the water shortage in Tura city is due to the fact that the wells have started to shrink while the city's growth has increased as the days and years go by. the first thing that the people will face in the years to come.
“We have suggested to the Police Department to provide public awareness on this Act so that people do not buy drugs brought by drug dealers who steal from their own homes,” he added. .
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Pradesh Election Committee (PEC) has decided to send the nomination of Bah Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga for the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency.
He said that if other states can do it why can't it be done in this state, Sohniamtra from this state is good and if this crop is developed it can be exported abroad. where the countries of the world will get the Meghalaya niamtra.
The curfew was called to demand the immediate release of the GHSMC members without any restrictions and the curfew will continue until tomorrow morning.
He said that he will support Meghalaya where the traditional rule in Khasi Hills will be recognized according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Jaintia and Garo people.
I said that it will be a blessing to this school and the area as a whole and I also wish the Seng to continue to serve the country better. and the Nation as a whole.
Members of UALA under the leadership of Chairman Novembirth Marak, handed over 12 AK-47s, one LMG, one Rocket Launcher, one rifle, three pistols, three grenades, one rocket propeller, 20 rounds of AK-47, 10 rounds of LMG, and five pistols.
The 3rd Inter Hima and Elaka Youth Association Kur Knockout Football Tournament 2017 was launched on 11th November 2017 at Syiem Mini Krissimai. Stadium, Smit, was inaugurated by Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Khyrim and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, Executive Member in charge of KHADC District Affairs. .
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has already cleared the existing laws such as the Directorate of Infiltration and Task Force to curb the entry of mynder. implementation of the Tenancy Act in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah Syntar Klas Sunn, Independent MLA from Mawphlang Constituency today sent a letter to the United Democratic Party (UPD) requesting him to join the party.
The fire broke out in the Maruti because it was too old. No injuries were reported to the drivers.
“From Pynursla to Dawki-Tamabil, we have seen a lack of respect and we have seen that our MLA who is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) department has been involved.
Rongmei Phwam, Shillong has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should arrest the perpetrator immediately and punish him according to the rules of law.
Sohblei Sngi Lyngdoh is one of the most prominent religious leaders in the field of promoting Khasi science, culture and literature in the special announcement made by the Riti Academy and its fellow members.
He said that on the 8th June, 2024, it has been decided that the Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) will hold meetings with the leaders of the ADCs in the urban areas and at the level of CEM/Dy.CEM. He took the initiative to convene a meeting to provide detailed information on the Plans/Projects, proposals and implementation of the works according to the rules but the CEOs refused to attend the meeting.
He said that the demand to ban the entry of foreigners has been going on for many years, in fact it should be done according to the existing laws while the laws are being improved. laws that have been.
“In the past, I can say, it is not that we are against the Government of India, but we have to tell the truth about history.
At this meeting, the speakers expressed that their souls do not want to be satisfied with themselves or their families, but they also have a desire to do something for themselves. for others who are in poverty and hunger especially at this time.
Those who attended the training included Bah PS Kharnaior, District Horticulture Officer, East Khasi Hills; , Asst.Director of Horticulture who gave training on Standardization and Grading of Hort Crop, while Bah DL Nongspung who is also one of the Leaders of the Society running Urlong Tea Factory gave training on Primary Processing and Grading of Hort Crop. Packing.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, who was the chief guest, praised the members of the organization for their efforts to make Shillong clean and to preserve the environment.
On the other hand, the CE of National Highway confirmed that the PWD land is not only the painted areas, but to verify this they are looking for documents related to this land.
Shillong, November 20: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to amend the Rules of Procedure of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Reclamation Fund Management
They expressed their readiness to join hands to get clear provisions in the Constitution of India on land, forests and mineral resources.
Members of the Union of Taxi Drivers of Sor and Khapsor led by Bah Pynsuk Youroi and Jets 24×7 led by Samla Pynskhem Uriah have visited the office of Rapido in Malki. , Shillong on Tuesday.
The Department of Animal Husbandry is now looking into these issues before distributing the injection method to the public, said Dr Rijal.
The timely completion of this construction will help Tura to host the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024, which also shows the readiness to host the national sporting event.
In the Men's Open, Emohius Nongkhlaw, Stillin Jyrwa & Kressstarjune Pathaw won.
Through his works to promote national strength, good relations with other countries, ability to connect with Indians who have stayed in other countries that have brought the prestige we have gained in around the world.
He said that although the State is light, they will ensure that the land, customs, traditions and all the leaders of the Jaitbynriew should not be destroyed. be knifed.
He stressed that the continuation of the MoU will further strengthen the ties between the three key agencies and strengthen their resolve for the development of the North East.
With this allocation of T.49 crore, the construction of these new roads will provide a new road to Shillong New Township. This will also include the construction and cleaning of the road from Bribah Mawpat to IAS. Colony in Umsawli, the road will be 5.5 meters wide and will cost T.21 crore.
On the other hand, the police have stepped up their operations to fight against drug trafficking and other illegal drug trafficking. song in such a way that it shall be sent as a song of praise.
Speaking to reporters on the peace talks with the HNLC, he said the Government of India, when it calls for peace talks, should walk in the right direction with the HNLC. The HNLC has also decided to reach a peace talks.
Ebenezer Lyngwa from IT Department gave a speech on the rules and regulations in the Digital Age. Christopher Rani, CEO, CR Projects explained. how to protect yourself from misuse of the internet.
During the training, suggestions were also taken from the residents of the area on the Khadar system which is also the matter of the BJP party. parts of India to develop systems of governance that meet the needs and expectations of the people.
Leveraging technology to ensure the benefits of digital business transformation reach all people.
After the outbreak of Covid 19, the government has urged us ASHAs to help the health workers by promising to pay more than T.1000 per month as honorium for our work in the fight against Covid-1
The world's largest economy is based on technologies that rely on minerals such as lithium, graphite, cobalt, titanium, and rare earth minerals.
If found, we will have to convince and we will not allow and we want our state to move forward and join other states that have moved forward because we are too far behind,” said Bah. Hard.
In other states like Manipur, Mizoram and other North Eastern States, there is a holiday on this special day, even though it is the financial year.
However, the investigation is ongoing for some of these people who have a lot of money in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Living Bridge Foundation together with the land owners of the Tree Bridge have protested against the government's plan to seek the recognition of the Tree Bridge as Heritage Sites.
Dr Jerath said that the Finance Department of the Union Government has already directed everyone that the money should be supplied to the States.
Speaking to media on the demand for ILP, the Prime Minister said that the ILP is only one part of the law, but there are many other ways to protect it. .
Police alleged that they were involved in distributing demand letters of the HNLC along with threatening people.
On the other hand, the Congress leader demanded that the Chief Minister should respond immediately to these allegations made by the Congress party against the government.
Parents should monitor their children's movements and associate with them regularly.
The union also demands that the department doesn't think at all especially about such employees from our district who have lost their strength and who have dedicated their lives and souls to fight against the protection of the public from the spread of COVID -1
The Seng has also suggested to the schools to provide merit-based admission especially the merit-based admission schools in Shillong for the students of the state should be approved for the academic session 2020-2 encourage students who are low in percentage for admission in HSSLC and Degree courses.
Regarding this statement, the Protem Chairman replied that she is in the position to conduct the election to elect the Chairman according to the directive of the Governor. the decision that the election for the election of the Chairman shall be held.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Police of Umroi Police Outpost today on receiving a tip seized a truck number JK02-CD-0188 and seized 33 song of heroin. Ganja.
In this investigation, the CORP found that the names of the Khasi children have been registered and those who have been registered to illegally supply rnga. mer Byrnihat did not see the rnga that had been gathered on the mountain.
They have been selected to act in films to be produced by Bhopal Production and AK Production, while others who have reached the fourth position in the competition will be able to take part in the production of Bhopal Production. Bhopal Production.
Speaking to media, Dr S Kharsyiemlieh, Chairman of the committee, said that the committee has requested the public to attend the public meeting. hearing so that the committee can hear the opinions of the people as well as the village leaders.
The three-day tournament brought together 32 teams from across the state to compete in the tournament.
I have been the Rangbha Shnong of Mookhep for 20 years, so we see many problems faced by the residents of Meghalaya especially our Hynniewtrep residents.
We will meet with the Shillong Cantonment Board to ensure that these people should be removed from this area.
Certificates of the members of the Fifth Meghalaya Farmers Parliament were also distributed on the occasion.
The affected villages are Umden, Nongthymmai, Maikhuli and Pilangkata. At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
On the occasion of its 25th Anniversary, the Mawkhar Samla Seng has set itself the goal of raising awareness among the youth of Mawkhar and surrounding villages on how to get rid of the drug trap.
Police have stepped up their patrols after the GNLA announced that it will take action against the police for intensifying the search for GNLA members. (SP News).
However, in terms of protecting the Hynniewtrep people from violence and exploitation at the hands of foreigners, or the foreign police, they have no bones or blood to shed,” said the HNLC. Criticizing the two Chief Secretaries, the HNLC said, “Prestone and Sniawbhalang have been used by Garo leaders like Mukul Sangma and Conrad K. Sangma as political capitals. The Congress and now the NPP. They are like the donkeys in Aesop's Fables.
The amount of money deposited and recovered has led to responses from about 17.42 lakh people holding such accounts.
The union has warned that if it continues to find chess, it will not hesitate to set up an Infiltration Check Gate at the entry and exit points of foreigners.
The party's withdrawal is against the party's actions.
Of these, 234 were arrested in 2022, 355 in 2023 and 25 in 2024. 10% of those arrested were women involved in drug trafficking.
Through a detailed briefing, the Union Health Secretary showed how the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the States and UTs while the Union Secretary (I&B) showed how to train people to keep themselves safe. Dr VK Paul stressed the need for the states to maintain the rules to provide adequate information to investigate the spread of the disease.
5G is being delivered at the fastest speed to pave the way for high-speed internet access.
She also emphasized that Shillong is no longer safe at night due to illegal activities around the city.
"“Ka Seng would like to ask the State Government whether those mynder who took the life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) have been punished according to the law. they are the ones who do evil.
The party has also submitted a statement issued by the Umsning Central Election Committee.
She strongly criticized the MLA of Nongkren, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who, when he was an MDC, wanted to give the jait to his father.
Shillong, March 14: Police have arrested a tourist vehicle number ML-10B-1506 at Umshyrpi Police Station at 7.50 pm today. .
Therefore, it is very important to stop the misinterpretation in this matter and show the truth.
Mr. Prasanta Kumar Das, Senior Postmaster, Shillong GPO and Yash Raj Singh, Inspector of Posts, Ri-bhoi Sub Division in their speeches urged the people to take advantage of this opportunity to use the posts. part of their benefit.
Teachers are the shapers of society and the future of students, therefore they have a great responsibility for everyone.
If this Act cannot be implemented, it will be difficult to curb corruption in the state, he said.
If the Municipal, before the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and before the Court says that 342 households are Government employees, we answer that 147 out of 342 households are not Government employees.
Sports Secretary Samla Michael B Dkhar and Assistant Organizing Secretary Bah George Iawphniaw were also present at the incident. 11 o'clock in the morning.
Hearing the demand of the people, the Chief Minister said that he will look into the demand of the people to upgrade the PHC in Maweit to CHC. He will discuss this demand with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The NPYF leader also mentioned other TMC leaders who have been accused of corruption and there was a statement by the party leader that all the people who came from Bangladesh should turn around. “How can these people talk about the ILP?” he asked Dr Mukul Sangma how he went to support this party.
The main reason why the workers of the factory have stopped working is that one of the managers has tried to arrest one of the workers and this has angered the workers and shut down the factory. Today, it was reported that the police have arrived.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The report of the Comptroller and Auditor of India on the income of the Government as of 31st October 2022 on the State of Meghalaya has been submitted to the third report. house on 22Nov 2023.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Central Election Committee of the BJP today released the second list of MP candidates for the upcoming elections.
Speaking on the ranking of universities in the world, the President said that there are 200 universities in the world but India does not have a single one to enter. in this list.
It is a moment of great understanding that the Institute has already trained more than 10,000 experts in Ayurveda and Homeopathy.
The Prime Minister said that there are strong laws but until now we have not seen those laws working fully, how can we say that they are strong? They shall begin to work and shall be able to judge whether they are really strong, and it is then that they shall be able to bury the strength or weakness of those laws.
The meeting was attended by Bah KS Rani, Vice President of HNYF, leaders of KSU, FKJGP, Kur Syiemlieh and others. M Syiem and the welcome speech was delivered by the Syiem Khynnah, Bah KM Syiem.
Shillong, Lber 09: Police have seized 92.42 grams of heroin from Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District this morning. information that you brought from Dimapur.
As the presidential electors, the UDP party went to listen to the speech of Meira Kumar, the presidential candidate nominated by the Congress party and supported by the opposition. They are in Parliament and this visit does not mean that they support the Congress candidate.
Tura, Iaiong 9: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Purno Agitok Sangma today changed his tune and said that he has no desire to take the lead. eh in the NDA government but will be part of the new government.
He said that the residents have threatened to burn down their houses.
The Minister also urged the youth to be willing to start their own businesses through their own skills and added, “Look forward to entrepreneurship opportunities with your own skills, the Government is only the opener of the road and not the driver of the chariot of the economy".
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The annual Shad Nongkrem has ended today in which hundreds of young men and women from the Hima and abroad along with the children of the Hima have participated. Take part in this annual festival.
The reason for the closure of the tollgate is that the five days deadline for foreign workers to submit the necessary documents such as work permit and trading license has expired. This company.
Ransom said he wanted to resign from his post since July but as he is in charge of the construction of the Legislative Assembly, there are some issues that need to be addressed so that it will not affect the construction of the Legislative Assembly. the state legislature.
At the same ceremony, Dr Natalie Diengdoh and Falguni Chakraborty received the Memorial Award.
Similarly, the approach that includes testing, follow-up and treatment is very helpful.
The two PHCs that the Federal Bank will support are one at Wahkaji PHC in South West Khasi Hills and one at Zikzak PHC in South West Garo Hills. mang to help.
He urged the students to take a decision in themselves and move forward in that decision. Doing so will bring a lot of trouble and suffering but only those who dare to do so. and they reached the thong.
Unlike current mobile networks, 5G networks will allow for the separation of resources for different use cases on the same network.
The continued summons is not the way to stop the violence but it is the opportunity to increase the violence and will increase the anger, because it is those who live in the metor area who show force and start threatening them. They didn't have to walk through that place.
Also present on the occasion were the District Transport Officer (DTO) Bah R.Hinge and drivers of commercial vehicles.
On the other hand, the union has alleged that these incidents have happened only because the District Level Team headed by the Deputy Commissioner has not worked in the right manner to prevent this.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Tourism, Metbah Lyngdoh, Principal Secretary, RV Suchiang, Director of Tourism, CVD Diengoh, other government officials and dignitaries. The people of the church were present.
Explaining to the public regarding the concerns of the people, Conrad said the party will work for the development of the country and to protect the minorities in the country and for the development of the people. the North Eastern Region of India as a whole.
The loss of income is not only for the government but also for the people in terms of income as well as in other areas.
In addition to the indigenous languages, there are also languages ​​that have emerged in society from the people through the ages which are indigenous languages ​​and which have a strong meaning. that in the new age today as a word for it – which means a garment of hands, – it means a garment from the neck to the feet, which is placed in the sky, and there is also a word that says you are.
He said data is critical for effective infrastructure policy making and also outlined international best practices.
Speaking to SP News Agency in Mawphlang, 189 participants took part in the Yarta 2013 this year, 6 of them are mothers and 6 are mothers. child.
On the other hand, the owner of Khubor Rupang, Bah RM Shabong congratulated all those who have the spirit to help the poor and hoped that they will continue to grow and prosper in the years to come.
By undergoing 1M1B programs that are based on a unique 4.3.2.1 activation framework, youth acquire critical skill sets, mind-sets, and tools to access the jobs of tomorrow.
This arrest of the police shows more and more the weakness and desperation.
The police have issued warnings from time to time prohibiting the use of these silencers and from time to time they have seized such bikes and cars.
Fines for drivers who are drunk, who do not wear a seat belt, who do not wear a helmet and who drive without a licence.
: Suku Mejar, 40, resident of Down-Gate, Nongpoh, Ribhoi District, has committed suicide by hanging himself in a house near owner of a house in Nongpoh.
On this occasion, the President of the Association, Bah Wanshai Kharshandi, said that according to their information, they have received information about this misunderstanding from the relevant department.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U MLA of Mairang and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that his office will distribute awards to the students from Mairang constituency who have passed the pass well this year
According to the permit allowed for trucks to pass from Damsait Bridge is 30 Mt, while from Nar Bridge at Dwar Ksuid is 40 Mt. vehicles carrying water pipes carrying several tons.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong today, he said that this is one of the factories that employ the youth of India. to T.159 billion.
Another reason he gave was that the Jhalupara Police Outpost which now looks from Jahalupara to Mylliem is a place of violence and this Police Out Post which now has a police outpost makes it difficult for the people to leave on time. mit because you are outside.
Vehicles carrying troops, police and food items, vehicles carrying medicines are allowed to pass but the drivers have to follow the rules.
The agreement has already been signed with the group to locate the college at Reid Chest Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 03: A meeting of all the political parties under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) was held at the residence of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy this evening to discuss the formation of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). The Executive Committee of the KHADC has won 6 MDCs, UDP 6, HSPDP 2, PDF 1 and the independent candidate from Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw to the UDP has announced that the party will have 10 MDCs. However, until today, the two independent candidates have not received any information on whom they will give their support, u Bah Lambor. Malngiang and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, but it is understood that they will remain with the MDA. As of now, the NPP has won 7 MDCs, the MDA has received a majority within the KHADC to form. the Executive Committee.
Also, in politics you need to have many representatives.
In 2014-15, the share of indirect taxes in GDP was 4.4%.
The KJSU requests that if you have any problems please contact the Secretary 8794801686 and the President 9127110227.
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry has already allocated funds to the PWD for a long time and they have started the work but until now it has not been completed. you can go to Borsora.
On the other hand, the DC has given time to all the contractors to comply with the order within two months. The Inter-State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of Employment and Condition of Service) Act,
Shillong, Nailar 02: The total number of deaths from COVID-19 in Meghalaya today has risen to 13, 7 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to 1109 in West Garo Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
After this meeting, the meeting was moved to Mawbyna where the members of these organizations held a protest demanding that the central and state governments should implement the ILP, introduce the Khasi and Garo languages. in the broad framework of the Constitution of India and other demands.
If we find and confirm that they are not from Meghalaya, we will not be able to issue a Trading License because this place is near Bangladesh,” he said.
In 2005, the Supreme Court of India suspended the execution.
KHNAM once again for the information of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, strongly opposes this railway project, the government's claim that it has introduced those laws to curb illegal entry. The authorities are only responsible for regulating the people.
Once you have a too much star, you can overflow.
The sale of land will affect the farmers of the area, said Bah Wallambok Kharsati.
It is up to us as adults who are the guardians, to bring education through play for the holistic development of children.
Even after the team had taken the lead by a score, Lajong didn't give up and continued to beat Churchill in the second half to secure the victory.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Cabinet meeting today decided to appoint retired IAS Ripnar Lyngdoh as the State Information Commissioner of Meghalaya.
Sumo, taxi and auto rickshaw drivers have been directed to provide sanitizers, clean their vehicles daily and not to allow passengers without masks to ride in their vehicles.
Shillong, July 26: U Lava Kumar of Rynjah Police Station today lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station for refusing to touch a girl inside his shop in Pohkseh. .
Without receiving notice, we have been parked here and if the goods arrive, it will cause problems and increase the price of food items,” said the truck drivers. food items such as rice, sugar, rice, piat and others.
that the Dorbar Ri is pleased to inform the Government authorities of the problems faced by the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas if amendments are not introduced due to Government Acts passed by Parliament such as the Indian Registration Act. 1908, the Indian Forest Act 1927, the Forest Conservation Act 1980, the Land Acquisition Act 1894, the Mines Act 1952, the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, etc., are against the agreements and agreements under Articles IOA & AA, without thinking how they will affect the rights of thousands of children in different Hima in our beloved country.
The BSF has lodged a complaint and handed over these weapons to the Meghalaya Police in Borsora. The BSF will continue to work hard to fight against such weapons. that works badly.
Police said that the deceased was identified as Pinki Begum and another man was injured in the incident.
Speaking to media after the MPCC meeting, Lapang said the party is preparing for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held in the middle of this year. 2018.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) Shillong today announced the inauguration of three new towers on the occasion of the 75th Independence Day. which are bits and pieces according to modern technology.
Shillong, March 21: The Congress party today decided to withdraw its support from the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah PN Syiem. A meeting of the four MDCs was held at the residence of MPCC President Bah DD Lapang.
The Chief Minister also distributed Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY) cards to three beneficiaries, followed by the distribution of about 1.1 crore AB-PMJAY cards in all districts of the state. .
Shilong Lajong Football Club will beat Gokulam Kerela 3-1 in a home match for the first time. match at the SSA Stadium, Shillong on Sunday.
They also told the BSF that those who stay outside the BSF camp have to follow the rules of the Meghalaya government, that is, they have to quarantine for 14 days and another 14 days. to stay at home.
Latiplang EM in charge of Trade and Industry, while explaining the issue raised by Bah A War, said that the current EC regarding the issuance of trading license to foreigners has said that there are 19 pieces.
In fact, this should have been brought in the form of a request for more money from the House but as there is no longer a session of the House, it has been necessary to increase the use of money allowed by the rule.
Thakur said, “This summit provides a good opportunity for the youth and the world to build the way we move forward.
The incident happened when the Rangbah went to Shillong for the school work of the village and as he could not find a vehicle to return, he boarded a Lawbah vehicle to return to the village.
Regarding the allegation that the NPP is not a nationalist party, she said that the people should look at how the party is working to spread rumors on social media. to hold elections from the constituency to elect leaders.
On this occasion, MLA Adelbert Nongrum, General Secretary of Seng Khasi Kmie, Executive Members of Seiñ Raij Shillong, Members of Seng Khasi Executive Committee, Members of Seng Women's Seng Khasi Kmie with members of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij Shillong.
Dr. Jitendra Singh recalled that shortly after the announcement of the curfew in October, 2020, a decision was taken on the initiative of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to allow cargo aircraft. They will operate separately in the North East as well as in other regions including the Union Territories of Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh, and the Island Territories.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that a meeting will be held in Shillong on the 25th and 26th of this month to discuss between the officials of the Road Construction Department of the Union Government and the State Government. how to conduct road works in the state.
On the other hand, the JSU and JYF strongly condemn the statement of the AJYWO which has spoken against the incident in the District Council by speaking against the headline " AJYWO will follow up on the allegation of corruption in JHADC"
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle together with the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod West Urban Mission today held a public march to raise awareness on the dangers of drug abuse.
Explaining about the power plant, the Director in charge of Generation said that at that time MeSEB was preparing the report until they got the approval of the Central Electricity. CEA in 1999 was T.363.08 crore.
Besides the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, who expressed his condolences on the passing away of the leaders, spoke about the former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. Through the development of the national parties, he also mentioned the former Governor MM Jacob and other leaders.
Shillong, March 19: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has demanded that the state government should take action against the Nepalis in Langpih, West Khasi Hills District. However, HANM cannot protect against this incident.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Riti Academy has decided to encourage the tyngshop puron, kaitor, duhalia and barikor karikor to promote the industry through the not different.
The arrested include Bakstar Dkhar, Cherishme Dkhar, Eborlang G Nongtdu, Emerson Dkhar, Roilang Dkhar, Henry Shangpung, Thynda Lyngdoh, Elius Wanniang and others. Good morning, Mr. Kletin Suchiang, Mr. November Dkhar.
On the other hand, the Director urged everyone to refrain from unfounded statements and this is a story of thanksgiving and a story just to defame the government.
The demand of the union to withdraw the BSF troops from Sonapur comes after various incidents and harassment of the residents by the BSF troops. JNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh said that the BSF check posts at Sonapyrdi, Umbluh and Dona are conducted daily by the BSF,” said JNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh. meeting with Mr. Prestone.
Typist (Ordinary Grade) in Meghalaya (Civil) Secretariat and Heads of Department.
These days, the public receives SMS on their mobile phones that there are companies offering to the public in a small and easy to receive, the police urge the public not to to fall into such traps.
The goal is Viksit Bharat 2047,” said Prime Minister Duh, stressing that Assam and the North East have a major role to play in this regard.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Transport demanding that when the Inter State Bus Terminal at Mawiongrim is opened, the shops and restaurants should be opened. ban ai sha that own state.
Furthermore, the illegal entry and exit of these foreigners into Meghalaya poses a serious threat to the rapid spread of Covid-19 and the country as a whole.
The Congress leaders said that their joining the NPP is because the current MLA has not been able to bring about development in the constituency.
Shillong, July 12: The JSU Mih Myntdu Unit under the leadership of its President Generous Suchiang has donated household items to a poor family in Mih Myntdu.
What else can AJYWO prove? MH Dkhar President AJYWO will take the law into his own hands to investigate this and find out the truth? Or is he in charge of the police and the court? At the same time, doesn't AJYWO trust even the journalists?
Paul Lyngdoh is the Chairman of the Regional Committee.
The Prague Cine Awards, 2024, North East India was held in Jorhat, Assam on Thursday with the participation of filmmakers, filmmakers, actors and actresses from all over the North East. .
The police have already appointed a Special Investigation Team into the petrol bomb blast at the MPSC office.
Referring to Abul Kamal's claim that there are illegal toll gates along the NH-62, Raizuddin admitted that it is true that some gates have been closed. standing illegally.
If the CHC status can be obtained, it will benefit not only Namdong but also the neighboring villages and the border areas.
Today, the teachers of the SSA scheme under the banner of MSSASA held a march from the bus stand at Polo to Raj Bhavan with the intention of marching to the Secretariat.
The media in Shillong under the Information of Broadcasting, in collaboration with the Raj Bhavan, will hold a special broadcast of this popular radio programme.
She spoke further on investments in sustainable development and said that this is important.
New Delhi, July 08: The Government of India has taken three more key decisions to achieve the 'Sahkar Se Samridhi' initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The decisions we take now, the actions we take now, whether for immediate or long-term benefits, are the actions that will bring about our future.
The results will be announced tomorrow morning and it will not be known which political party will form the government in Meghalaya. even now it will have a clean government.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The East Jaintia Hills Coal Suppliers Association (EJCSA) today said that hundreds of coal trucks have been arrested and charged for violating the rules laid down by the NGT. On the allegation that the coal trucks are driving without shallans, the president of the union, Bah Hambertus Nongtdu, said that the union does not drive without shallans as alleged. and those who have the most have been arrested.
, to expedite the installation of these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) which have been installed in the office according to the timetable.
We urge the Minister to urgently inspect the Civil Hospital or 100 Bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat to find out the shortcomings in this hospital. doctors, specialists and other required posts.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Employees of Cooperative Banks in the North East together with members of the All India Cooperative Bank Employees Federation (AICBEF) held a meeting in Shillong at the office. Apex Bank Ltd., Shillong.
Bah Kharjahrin said that his appearance to contest the MP election is not to criticize other parties or other candidates but to speak out on the principles he has for the entire nation and the state. hi.
This is increasingly the case with PSUs in the power sector in the state.
This is after MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang saw the shortage of students because some of the students do not have proper uniforms and those who have lost their uniforms have been destroyed. of the MC to provide an estimate of the number of children so that he can provide them with uniforms.
After this incident, many of the shops in the market were closed due to fear.
On the nomination of Bah Paul, Bah Dkhar said the party has not yet announced but is still announcing the name.
However, what has happened is that all their speeches have fallen into the hands of those who are stupid because you have seen that they have said this outside the House and also inside the House many times. He said that for the good of the state they will fight for the best because in the past years they have shown their work for the good of the people of the state and they will continue to do so. don't do this.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Joint Action Committee (JACATAM) today received a letter from the Director of School Education Literacy (DSEL) that a meeting will be held tomorrow with the Chief Secretary of the State Government. , to discuss the demands of teachers.
He said that the KSU has been able to expedite the work in relation to the water supply system through the inspection of the KSU in March 2012 where they found that the water supply system is still empty. Their findings have shocked the MLA of the area who promised that the water supply system will start operating in 2010 as a Christmas gift to the people of the area.
He said that the group will meet with the CEM of KHADC next month to get clarification on this issue,” he said. and the MDC to discuss this issue with the District Council.
Her selection was achieved by a spectacular race at the tournament held earlier this year in Hyderabad.
The KSU's visit today is to follow up on this promise.
It was agreed that the border patrol teams will strive to work together to ensure that there will be no more loss of life on the border.
Out of the 100 panchayats in 2014, 1.7 panchayats have been connected to optical fiber.
Pynshngianlang Syiem Lamphang of KHADC, said that the motion of no confidence in the EC will be held by the counting of votes like other elections.
The Minister also said that the media is now in the form of misleading the readers, paid news, fake news are part of this serious problem which needs to be addressed. the minister added.
The world’s largest food storage scheme was also launched.
Shillong, Lber 21: The State Government is considering the full recruitment of teachers appointed by the Deputy Inspector of Schools, Shillong, today.
Upon finding the song, the garbage collector immediately informed the village authorities who rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation and to take away the bleeding child. wrap it in a plastic bag.
Answering questions, Mukherjee said the name Baroda was taken because the bank has branches outside India, while Dena Bank and Vijay Bank. There were no banks, so the name Baroda Bank was adopted.
Shillong, Nailur 08: A mother identified as Everlin Shadap Manner, 40, who was arrested by the Jowai Police on charges of attempted murder, has died today. Shillong Civil Hospital Shillong.
With the selection of these five athletes, Conrad said that the North East of India is indeed a breeding ground for athletes in the country.
The challenge for the past governments, the present government as well as the future governments will be the employment opportunities for the educated youth.
Many issues were discussed at the meeting and some of the Rangbah Shnongs who spoke on the curfew, said that there was no proper announcement to inform the the public.
The District authorities have also received information that there has been a spread of this incident across the district and the District authorities have received that this could cause injuries within the District which could affect In accordance with the powers conferred under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code 1973, any gathering of more than five persons in public places throughout the District is prohibited. part of Ri Bhoi District, except in colleges and universities.
The JNC leader said the JNC has raised questions.
The seizure of cows intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh in the past few days has been widespread.
There is also a special allocation for those who have the ability to play at various levels.
However, when the project started in 2014, it was found that there were some changes in the start of the project and the cost of the project had to be increased to T.356.43 crore. year 2014.
The contractor's negligence has caused the residents of these 8 villages to face difficulties in transportation and especially when they have to deliver their produce to the market.
Regarding this scheme of the central government, the people are not aware of it and for this reason many of the villagers when they have financial problems borrow money from others at a high rate.
These young women were also presented with Jain Kyrshah as a sign of appreciation and to remind them that as young women when they have to leave their village and home, to go to another place to continue their studies at higher levels so that they can remember to maintain their dignity and knowledge of man and God wherever they are.
However, the BSF troops bravely managed to fight against the enemy.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that one person has lost his life in this incident. To extinguish the flames, the police had to use File Balls.
One of these small houses is to accommodate people if anyone wants to stay inside this small house, as it is now the only small house in the state.
At present, the raid by the police against the members of the party has been like a raid by the insurgents which has harassed the relatives and intimidated especially the children in the area and other places. .
The most attractive place for the visitors is the traditional food stall at the Polo Fifth Ground where almost all the visitors go to taste these foods which are not available in the shops now.
KSU President Samla Lambokstar Marngar, Assistant Secretary Samla Rueben Najiar, members of the Central Executive Committee, Chairman of the Khasi Jaintia Village Development Council (KSU) Bah Sebastian Pakyntieñ, President of Barak Valley Bah Charles Rymbai, General Secretary Bah Wanbor Pdang and others.
There were 4000 participants from all over the country and after selection and evaluation 40 participants were selected and out of these 40 participants Deepshikha Singh was the winner. She won the title of Mrs. India Galaxy
In this book which Dr. Toi has written about Anne Jones in the form of a book although there are only a few problems about her and this book is like a story about of me.
This is very sad.
Speaking to reporters, Disparsing Rani said that the Shillong Civil Hospital has collected money from CT Scan, MRI, Blood Test, UG Scan and X-Ray. .
The Superintendent of Police said that the firearms were seized from a forest area in Ranibari village in the presence of witnesses.
The meeting came after the college received full affiliation from NEHU in the presence of all the head teachers from the departments of teachers from various subjects.
On this occasion, the monument was inaugurated by Sh B.S.Tyagi, Comdt ( Retd) 25.5.1971 he was born.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the HYC has said that according to the RTI reply, there are 194 households who have been involved with the state government. They said that 148 households are illegally parked in Iew Mawlong area and they went to talk to Prestone Tynsong who said that all 342 households are employees of the departments. various State government.
On the other hand, government offices have also installed bright lights in the offices such as the Secretariat, the State Bank, the Assembly, the market, the church in Laitumkhrah, the church in Laitumkhrah. All Saint's Church, and other churches in Shillong.
CCL International Limited (CCL International Limited) has sent them to work on the black topping road in Rongjeng, said Jay Kishore, Manager of the company.
“Because they have included the name of Bah Ardent in the committee, the party on Thursday prepared a letter to send to the Government that Bah Ardent has refused to take part in the committee. the Committee,” said Mr. Marbaniang.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister said that in the next three years, the water supply system will be used in many ways. The government will spend up to T.400 crore to build water supply systems.
He also praised the BOC for initiating the workshop to empower and improve the knowledge of the officers to face the challenges of the changing times.
To encourage tied cultivation, it was suggested to select 10 villages to plant tied in the state, five in the Khasi Hills and five in the Garo Hills and these tied planting sites will be assisted by the government.
On the other hand, the Governor expressed his condolences and prayed for the soul of the deceased to rest in peace.
Bengaluru, June 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bengaluru Unit has celebrated its 1st Anniversary since its establishment by Bah Kynpham Kharlyngdoh on June 28,
The Meghalaya BJP Kissan Morcha led by Bah Ralden Bryan Shabong and Bah Durut Majaw, conducted a training at Markasa village, West Khasi Hills District. .
Rodrick D. Shira, a former student of IIT Kharagpur in Electronics and Electrical Communication Engineering, received a Gold Medal in Electronics in 1967 and worked in Fertilizer Industries as a Process. Control Engineer and also worked at FCI Sindri and served in various parts of the country.
“So far, only the Voice of the People Party has announced Dr. Ricky J Syngkon as the candidate for the Shillong seat.
These are the words of the decision of the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court on 16.2.17 –– I have already mentioned this decision of the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem, CEM on .17 during the No Confidence Motion in the KHADC. Perhaps many people thought that it was just my search for a reason for Bah PN Syiem, because of the post of CEM, but now it is clear. The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has said that.
Before the team left home, a congratulatory meeting was held in the presence of Meghalaya Football Association Secretary Sunesh Syiem, members of the Senior Cell, Coah and the players.
Besides the prize money, all these teams also received trophies.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise that the land without factories no longer needs to obtain permission from the District Council (NOC). Even the Dorbar Shnongs, which state in the announcement that it will no longer fall within the boundary of the District Council or Schedule Area.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the house of MDC Bah Hermon Phawa in Wahiajer today at 2.30 pm. The petrol bomb explosion occurred at a Bolero parked in the ground floor of the house.
The people who visited the area said that the government should improve the roads especially to reach the tourist spots because the tourists will travel more if the road is busy especially the roads, he said. who went to the pool.
Regarding the rules laid down by the government, they said that they understand that there is a distance and they have to put hand sanitizers in their shops and besides that they have to keep the market clean and The Hima has ordered that if found violating the rules, the shops will be closed.
Dr. Sutnga said that from now on, chess will be played for other treatments, but what is needed now is that if blood is needed, in this hospital they are still suffering because there is no chess. of Blood Storage.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is ready to talk to any group only if they I don't want to wait.
He urged all the Waheh Shnongs to read carefully the rules and regulations and to use their powers properly according to the rules and regulations to avoid disgrace from the village, the council, the doloi and the villagers. alone individually.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang Education Secretary FKJGP Central Body said that as the leaders of the Sengkmie, there has been a thorough discussion on this issue. for about a year to strengthen the working methods of the FKJGP especially in the border areas, but as a mature organization we don't want to rush to establish the FKJGP office. South East Khasi Border Circle in those few days unless we have seen the desire and determination of the hearts of the sons who are willing to dedicate their bodies and souls to serve the nation through the FKJGP, but in this This time when we have seen clearly the spirit of responsibility of you the youth of the area, the Sengkmie has been ready to give us the right hand and the left hand. Nongbah Tympha to carry out this heavy responsibility to judge the Jaitbynriew.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Director of Bakdil, Fr Sunny, former MLA of Tura, Bapun Sangma, Leader of the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP). The meeting said that the fight against the insurgents is the responsibility of the government.
August 2009 KSU Sengkmie on
According to the Secretary of HITO, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, he alleged that the MDA government has been involved in the smuggling of coal.
In the letter, the union demands that the Rural Development Department should appoint a full-time BDO in Umsning Block, as the block has not had a full-time BDO for more than three months. .
When requested for an explanation from the Union, the JVK at this meeting could not explain and the union said that if the JVK cannot explain, the talks should be postponed and from there. The government has not called for talks or addressed the concerns of the workers.
The imported fish were tested by the Officers of the Fisheries Department at Iewduh on Tuesday.
In the past few days, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang from the BJP party who contested the MLA election from 25-Mawsynram has withdrawn. The party has now introduced a change in the leadership of the BJP party in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 31: Drug traffickers were arrested from Umran near Umsning in Ri Bhoi District this morning with 66 grams of heroin.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Justice of the District Council Court, Bah S.Kharsyiemlieh, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, former MDCs of Nongstoin Constituency, Council employees and others.
Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services, said that the deceased was from Barapathar.
He said that if any incident happens in the area, who will be blamed, the KSU expects the MLAs of the area to take action.
He said the District Council will set up a Working Group to look after the construction work and will do its utmost to complete it as soon as possible.
The construction of the school building will start in November next month. The rooms will be from Class Arit to Class X. Besides the classrooms, there will also be rooms for teachers, office rooms and hall and will complete this work within three years.
On the other hand, the Minister said that if there is a railway line in Meghalaya, it will help create jobs and promote tourism.
Purning Shabong said that the CEM has promised to take action on this issue so that such a thing will not happen again.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it would be right to blame the government, the government has not treated the District Councils in the state well. Bah PN Syiem said that the government has appointed District Councils.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 3 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Garo Hills. and West Garo Hills 1.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Roykupar Synrem, Leader of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (COMSO), today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri to discuss the implementation of the District Task. Force Committee (DTF) to discuss the issue of security forces.
At this meeting, the Minister also promised to appoint another doctor at the CHC, and other requirements after the end of the MP elections. (SP News).
As all employees who buy goods online if they bring them home have to allow the police at the gate to check the goods they bring, so those who buy goods must provide the address at the places. This is according to the order of the relevant authorities.
Mawkyrwat, July 10: The South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SADA) will hold the 1st Bamon Sing Syiem Open Volleyball Tournament in the state. 2017.
Regarding the recently opened Sibsingh Memorial Higher Secondary School, the school has not been able to operate as a school due to the lack of facilities. you don't have to work.
Shillong, July 29: The District Magistrate in a statement today said that the curfew inside Lumdiengjri Police Station has been lifted from 5 pm to 12 noon from today. 2018 until further notice.
Shakliar handed over the Dongmusa at the SSA Stadium in the presence of MSOA officials, Sports and Youth Affairs Officers and athletes from different districts.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act.
Dr Manmohan, 80, has represented Assam as MP Rajya Sabha for 21 years since 1991, when he assumed office as Finance Minister of India. .
During the meeting, the SSA teachers expressed their concern to the Prime Minister regarding the delay in their salaries for many months.
Perastil Sangma from South Garo Hills District has left his government job to start his own business in the field of sohphan.
The battalion killed 80 members of the insurgents.
The Prime Minister also stressed the need for educational institutions in the country to conduct research to collect memories for the benefit of the people of today and in the future.
“Isn't that right for the teachers or is it only for those who have been there for five years?” asked Bah Aristotle. to ask the Chief Minister why he has allocated T.44 crore.
The party wants the people of this state to support the BJP for the sake of development and at the same time to bring about unity of all races. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, President of BJYM Meghalaya.
The injured were identified as Gopal Gurung, Ranjit Mondhar, A Rai, M Mahdok and M Sawian. The injured were taken to Civil Hospital for treatment.
After hearing the concerns of the people, the Minister said that for the timely decision of the people of this area, the government will allocate development schemes worth T. 75 Lakhs.
Those who are still undergoing treatment are
The meeting of the KSU this evening was on the attack on the Khasi people by the Bengalis who have illegally invaded the Khasi lands.
Minister for Children in the Ministry of Education.
The overall welcome of the state is so great that there are various and interesting programs in every part of the festival.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The cyclone on the 14th of this month which has destroyed many villages in Bhoirymbong and Umsning Block in Ri Bhoi District has not only affected the villages. houses but also electrical post poles.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today said that if the government cannot fix the reservation policy, the party is ready to demand its own state.
“The Assam government has not only installed the posts but has already laid the stone and shyiap for the construction of the office of the Assam State Transport Corporation,” said Bah Bandari Ryntathiang.
As it is, Meghalaya does not have a market elsewhere except Bangladesh to which they can export goods.
The special session was convened in accordance with rule 22(1) of the AD Rule.
There are 11 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 10 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 82864 recoveries so far. after.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed a resolution demanding the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule. Sengs in Meghalaya demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, July 07: The inability to punish the perpetrators of rape in the state has made the perpetrators no longer afraid of the law.
The Seng expresses its deep sorrow to this poor mother who has a daughter who is 2 years 8 months old.
Director General of Police Dr LR Bishnoi, Superintendent of Police Sylvester Nongtynger and Chief Police Officers of the district also visited the house.
It is sad that the Bodo language has entered (1) Assamese, (2) Bengali, (3) Gujarati, (4) Hindi, (5) Kannada, (6) Kashmiri, (7 ) Konkani, (8) Malayalam, (9) Manipuri, (10) Marathi, (11) Nepali, (12) Oriya, (13) Punjabi, (14) Sanskrit, (15) Sindhi, (16) Tamil, (17 ) Telugu, (18) Urdu (19) Bodo, (20) Santhali, (21) Maithili and (22) Dogri.
The age limit for the post of Constable is 21 years and 27 years for the post of Sub Inspector.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) has lodged a complaint with the Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) that they have not received the food distribution for the 2023 elections.
Leaders from various sports groups including Presidents and Secretaries and others.
The meeting also discussed the promotion of one engineer who is still behind and the promotion of a junior engineer to the rank of Director Distribution. who are ahead of you.
What surprised these civil society organizations is that the government does not have any documents regarding this land.
The committee has to visit and if the house has PHE water it will not be given to them and at the same time the owners have to explain clearly what their intention is to dig the water. pool water.
They were informed about the social situation, where it was clearly recognized that the poor have been discriminated against in many areas as if they do not have the right to live in peace like others.
He said that he will soon write a letter to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri-Bhoi district so that she can take the necessary measures to repair the bridge. water.
With this, the Congress party has confirmed that the Congress ticket from this constituency will go to Bah Hima.
Directed to the state governments to submit their plans on how to produce good and fast growing goats and pigs, Chaudhary urged how to reduce the number of pigs in these areas. and for Meghalaya, T.100 lakh has been allocated for this purpose.
Another proposal to open the lat is for the relocation of the employees of the Shillong Municipal who are currently living in the sweeper colony to the completed houses on Bishop Cotton Road.
Three persons from the North East, Assam and Manipur have been selected for the Art and Culture category and Tripura has been selected for the Sports category.
He also spoke on the demands of the union including the Farmer Commission implemented by the government, to recognize latyrpad, sohmrit khlaw and synsar as agricultural products implemented by the government, to announce the year 2019 as the Year of Farmers in which the government has promised to implement the year 2020 as it is too late this year.
He said there is a difference between the ILP and the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act.
The demand of the KSU is that the government should withdraw the textbook “Tip la ka piny” from schools. I wrote that the IIngsad of the king's house in Smit has published in this book that it is the house of trep.
He urged everyone to support this training institution which will become the National Law University Meghalaya and will become a world renowned institution.
Shillong, July 19: The Meghalaya government today transferred up to 20 Chief Superintendents of Police in the districts of the state.
Regarding the visit of Dr. Mukul Sangma to the AITC, he will not say anything because it is up to him to take the decision. He doesn't have anything to say because it is the decision of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Conrad's visit was to campaign for the two party candidates, Hmingchungnunga and John Lalremruata, who are contesting from Serlui and Kolasib constituencies.
Ampati, July 9: The Union Minister in charge of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala today conducted a meeting to review the implementation of Union schemes in Ampati, South West. Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
The residents of Mynriang village, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District, have expressed their sorrow over the loss of the Doi Doi Bridge in the Wah. Umtung which is also one of the oldest bridges.
In another raid conducted by the BSF Meghalaya, about three Indians were arrested by the BSF and about 6,800 kilos of sugar were seized from them from different border areas of Meghalaya.
From Sunday until today, Hindu devotees have flocked to the pandals around Shillong. The most prominent of the pandals where the crowds flocked was the one in Garrison, Jail Road, Poughkeepsie, Oakland.
District Horticulture Officer, Ri Bhoi, Bah G Shylla, urged that agricultural products should have insurance to protect against the unknown from natural disasters.
On Thursday, Bah Pasleiñ admitted that he witnessed with his own eyes the stealing polling at Pala Polling Station.
Answering questions, the Speaker of the House said that the preparations are in progress and the name has not yet been selected.
A total of 45 children and 20 managers and teachers will take part in the National Games.
In this examination, women performed better than men.
Titosstarwell Chyne Chief Executive Member of KHADC visited these buildings in 2021 together with the Khasi medicine distributors and during this visit it was found that all the buildings have been completed.
As Kongthong is now known as the most beautiful tourist destination in the world, he said that there is a need to improve the health facilities in the Khatarshnong area.
With an intention to push for local business hubs in the rural areas, the festival will enhance the visibility of the State’s agro tourism potential.
Bah Shullai urged the farmers to take part in this project as it will benefit those who work in this project. He also thanked the CSB for supporting the farmers in this project. The role is to provide training to them on how to start this farming business.
The Government is determined to upgrade the workforce at NEIAH to make it the most qualified Ayush personnel in the country.
The march ended at Madan Iewrynghep where the students of St. Edmunds College performed a skit on Diabetes and the difficulties of getting it which can lead to complete blindness and affect others. the body parts are not needed.
What is happening in the state is that many of the schools in the state are run by Managing Committees, the appointment is done by the MC and according to the People Teacher Ratio (PTR) rule, many schools in the state have to The question is whether these MCs will allow the government to take over the schools.
Police have admitted that the IED was placed in a silver container and the bomb was detonated by burning dynamite knife. with tins and a pack of iit from nearby houses.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued the following guidelines for the safety of the people. what to do and not to prevent the spread of the disease.
On the same day, the Faith Foundation also launched its website which was launched by M Ryntathiang, Grassroots.
As a nation, we don't have to make the wrong decisions.
The Central Government has released T.271.71 crore out of T.305.84 crore for the year 2021-2022 while the State Government has already released T.32.25 crore. The Central Government and the Central Government have made it clear that the Central Government has to raise the funds from itself.
The AMRIT pharmacy provides medicines related to cancer, cardio-vascular drugs and cardiac implants and the price of the medicines is low. central government on 15 November 2015.
Chairman of JACATAM Bah ED Nongsiang told SP News Agency that the meeting is scheduled to be held on the 30th of this month. announced earlier and they will see the outcome of the protest.
Shillong, July 12: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that there has been a tsunami in the Bay of Bengal with strong winds from the east. from today and will travel to Bangladesh and reach eastern parts of India within 12 hours.
The ticket fee for two days will be T.500/- tyngka.
The Government expresses its gratitude to the Rangbah Shnongs, Nokams who have worked closely with the Government in the fight against COVID-19 in which the villages have taken the initiative to have Community Quarantines. Center.
In the first innings, Malki SCC could not stay long in the match due to the early loss of wickets and scored only 63 runs in 18.1 overs.
Tynsong said that this news will be spread to the area, so that the people who are still using the burning of the body, will make this Thangbru khnap which is very useful. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner said that it is not that he is saying anything but it is a request to the Dorbar Shnongs to arrange this matter with the police who can handle it. the vehicles that pass through the roads.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that if the two households have not received the money as stated by the questioner, they should inform the relevant officers. The government has already paid the money to both the households.
After being arrested by the police, the woman led the police to the house of the smuggler. During the raid, the police arrested John Baglary 33 and from 13.1 grams of drugs were seized from his house.
He said that the party will not work with any party and any party will go alone and those in the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will remain but there will be no division of constituencies.
The RBSU in a petition to the Chief Minister has demanded that a Government College should be set up in Umroi, as this place is between the three constituencies, Umsing, Mawhati and Umroi. The number of students from this area has increased.
Shillong, July 25: U MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling and demanded the provision of four buses in the four areas of Mawsynram Constituency. the Constituency.
The Government is also looking for a place to open the road from Lumshyllong to Laitkor without passing through the army road.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Nolikta today, the Chief Minister said that the party candidate, Martin M Danggo, has resigned as MLA for the benefit of the people. of the people, will be for his personal gain.
It is estimated that the landslide occurred at about 1:00 pm on the 15th of this month.
The movement of vehicles has been handed over to the relevant SDOs and BDOs to arrange.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the HFU came from all over the country to take part in the announcement that 2020 is the Year of Farmers.
The Minister said that on this day he visited a Juvenile Centre, a hospital and a dispensary.
At the same time, the Government has requested all those who are abroad not to return home due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong. I don't want to come to Shillong.
at the turnout.
He added that for about 20 years, the Government has not provided non-recurring grant-in-aid to Adhoc Schools such as maintenance grant, infrastructure renovations, uniforms for children and others. “We urge the Minister in charge of Education to take action regarding the implementation of the proposal to upgrade the Deficit System to Adhoc Schools so that the payment of salaries can also be implemented. according to the work done," he added.
During the rally, they called for the ASHA workers to work voluntarily, they have their own houses to fill, they called for the government to increase the salary of the ASHAs within in the state of Meghalaya.
At the site of the AMD office, the KSU has expressed its protest by burning the tyngshops.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh and Health Minister AL Hek today sent their resignation letters as Cabinet Ministers from the Cabinet led by Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State Government.
Prestone recalled that 50 years ago, on this day, Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India, in the presence of the first Chief Minister, Captain WA Sangma, Prof GG Swel, was at the door. God has not spoken to the people of this state.
Despite the call of the HNLC, the people of the country have been invited to cast their votes without any hesitation.
The second phase of the stadium is the construction of the Indoor Stadium at a cost of T.70 crore.
From Dawki, Mawlynnong, Shilliang Jashar to Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen are some of the most beautiful places in their uniqueness for tourists.
The construction of these two entry and exit points will help to speed up the traffic of vehicles passing through the Shillong-Guwahati highway.
The States have been directed to remain vigilant and continue to take all necessary measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1
On the part of the Science & Technology Cell-Planning Department, they gave an explanation on many of the works they have done and the SPB Working Group IX has decided to invite them again to discuss the issue. According to the report submitted by the department, they have conducted and implemented technology intervention in 39 villages. The state has participated in the National Children's Science Congress, in which 8 students from 11 blocks have participated. The construction and preparation of two Digital Planetarium cum Innovation Hub has started in Tura and the one in Shillong is being prepared for signing. MOU, it was informed that the S&T Department has set up 11 Community Orchid Parks, and a list of traditional medicines has been prepared.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at these two public meetings on the same day, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that as a leader in a small power like an MDC, He has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service to distribute all the schemes in the hot and cold without discrimination for the benefit of the Constituency as a whole. He added that he doesn't want to blame himself but let his actions speak louder than words.
The CLP leader said that at present they don't know the reasons and they will know when they receive the documents from the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Muktiar of Bah VGK Kynta and the group.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The AJYWO-Sengkmie, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, FKJGP-KC and SRS-EJH have called for a curfew on the 13th of this month within the border of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District from 5 pm to 5 pm to force the government and NHAI to repair the NH44 has received full support from the 9-Shnong Association in the area. Narpuh District is a village on both sides of NH 44 from Chymplong to Rata-Cherra.
The road between Phulbari-Tura village on National Highway 127B will be converted into a two lane road and will also facilitate traffic to Tura, the district headquarters of West Garo Hills. and other parts of Meghalaya via the NH-217 (Tura-Dalu) and Tura-Jengjal-Rongjeng-Nongstoin-Shillong.
The military believes that the discovery of the US bomber will reveal more stories related to the Cold War.
This strategy of Dr Mukul Sangma will not bring lasting peace in Meghalaya, otherwise Sohan D Shira will not form the GNLA and flee to the forest twice after surrendering earlier.
The agendas related to the promotion of economic development will focus on the above and other issues.
Kevin Kharmalki, one of the Khasi filmmakers, said that the theft of films has discouraged the filmmakers and that the production in the state is not productive at all. and such things shall not be done unto thee.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today announced that Bah Puramon Kynjing has been elected by the people of Jowai Elaka as the full-time Doloi.
Shillong, July 12: About 138 members of the HFU have visited the Lemon Grass Farm in Byrwa.
Shillong, November 12: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Bah Aldus Mawlong, on Tuesday said that the District Administration will work hard to bring peace and stability in the Borsora area.
The Dorbar Federation of Khasi States (KHADC) has decided to meet the Chief Minister to ask for clarification and to urge that if the KHADC authorities cannot, they have no authority to form a Council or Assembly. Who else has the authority and if the authority rests with the State Government, it is the responsibility of the State Government.
The Cabinet meeting held today has not yet decided whether there are any issues regarding the age limit for appointment of persons to be employed in uniformed positions. Uniforms, such as Police, Home Guard and Forest Guard, on this issue, had to be brought back to another Cabinet meeting for a decision.
AWC, ICDS and I Kong.
Concluding his speech in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today, the President said, “I want to build a small India in a beautiful state”.
“This ban on buying cows from Khanapara Market will start from the 25th of this month (Thursday) while the KHADC and Hima Mylliem are still blocking the Veterinary Department to conduct the inspection of cows and to clean them. KJBWA Vice President Generous Warlarpih said after a meeting with the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr B Rijai, today in the presence of FKJGP leaders. Under the leadership of General Secretary, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit.
: means–means observant.
The protest will be held across the North Eastern Region to protest against the statement by Amit Shah , Himanta Biswas Sarma and other BJP leaders that the BJP will bring back the Cab in the House parliament ban wan.
The arrested Bangladeshi was identified as Noor Miyan, 35 years old.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 354 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. now there are 4229 people.
: Leaders of the Green Tech Foundation (GTF) led by its Chairman Bah H.Bansiewdor Nonglang on Saturday visited the stream at Nongrimbah, Laitumkhrah. the name of the river is Thangsniang.
Police said they will soon arrest those involved in the murder.
The Kur knows how Binoy Bushan M. Marak got married to (L) Roshanara Begum who was his mother-in-law when he was married at Murchapani by Pastor Asin D Shira.
Therefore, as Christians, you cannot expect to vote for this person, who belongs to a party that is against the culture of India, who is the cause of the threat to the minorities. of the country and this is the right of all citizens to make a decision.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been a friend of the North East from day one and the development projects in the North East have been witnessed.
Using this app, people can immediately report irregularities during elections within minutes without having to run to the office of the returning officer.
In this regard, the Meghalaya government has to think carefully and as they are still waiting for the directives of the central government regarding this scheme, the state government has not yet received any written notice. directed to the federal government.
While the police were taking them to court for trial, their relatives followed them until the moment they left the court.
Shillong, March 12: The ICYM-Jowai Diocese will hold the Annual Sports Meet 2021 on the 15th and 16th October 2021 at Kiang Nangsbah, Jowai.
Jowai, Naiwieng 07: Bah Marshanstar Nongdhar, one of the four policemen who lost his life in the shooting of the GNLA in South Garo Hills, has been honored today.
There are 106 cases in East Khasi Hills, of which 41 cases are from the Army, 16 cases from BSF, 3 cases from BSF. from Anjalee, 5 from Khyndailad, 1 from RP Hospital, 5 employees of Ganesh Das Hospital and 1 from Rilbong.
Syeim said that at this meeting it was also decided that the Council should have a list of Kurs and Jaids within the boundary of the Council so that The distribution and issuance of syrnot shall be thorough and shall not contain any conflict with anyone.
The data as of 24th October 2023 shows that the total disbursements under the scheme have reached T 22.65 trillion.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is pleased with the opening of the Kendriya Hindi Sansthan in the state. from the North East to learn Hindi.
He said the inability of the state government to forgive all the cases of the HNLC has prompted the HNLC to withdraw from the negotiating table.
Shillong, July 14: “Let us not be weary in well doing; Galatians chapter 6 verse 9 is the theme of the ICYM Zone 5 Youth Conference held at Holy Cross Parish Mawkynrew. ' said Sohblei Sylvester Synrem Spiritual Director of Zone
Shillong, Naitung 18: The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has taken many steps to provide opportunities for the development of education in India.
It is surprising that there are few barikor written on paper in the area, except for the Santhali, because others are the writers who have a single body and include images of clothes. They didn't thirst for the riewlum in their place.
The death toll has risen to
Within Umsong Circle: Nongbirlum, Jalithem, Nongladew, Umsong, Jalithem and Ummar.
New Delhi, June 14: The country's fight against the coronavirus is ongoing with strength and determination.
Over the past 20 years, America has struggled to help and address this problem.
He said that the party has already built a house at Mawblei and what remains now is to open and hand over the house to the family and this handover will be on 20th November 2022 as a gift. Christmas.
The Lokayukta Act, which was introduced in 2012, was only an advisory group. It was on this basis that the UPA government wrote that the Lokayukta Act should be drafted according to the Lok Pal Act. bor to punish those who have hands.
Startups working in hawker-related fields participated in the first program and showcased their work.
The government has already paid the salary of T.21.96 crore crore for the year 2022 – 2023.
This was stated by the CEM of KHADC to the leaders of the KSU led by Bah Daniel Khyriem President and General Secretary of the KSU.
In Meghalaya, the Congress party has completed the election of the President of the AICC. Meghalaya now has only 56 voters for the President of the AICC. the Congress party.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to release ration to the people for those who have received the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY). ) and rice which the government has named “Priority House Holds” (PHH) under the NFSA 2013 for two months, June and June respectively for urban and rural areas.
On the suggestion to explain about COVID-19 in different languages, the Prime Minister said the government has done this by writing in Khasi, Garo and Hindi.
On the government's decision to convene a meeting of all political parties on this issue, the Congress party will give its opinion on the day of the meeting.
Other speakers who were present included Dr DD Lapang, MLA, President, MPCC, Bah Vincent H Pala, MP, Paiem Niandro Syiemiong, President of the Federation of Khasi States; Kodin Nongrum, Minister of Sohra Syiemship, Executive Member, Kephas Langstieh, Minister of Mylliem Syiemship, and led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya ,, The Dorbar of the Head of State, &, The Federation of Khasi States.
This has discouraged the party as the preparations for the elections to the Legislative Assembly in 2013 are in progress.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: Meghalaya Police today arrested Bah Banpyrkhat Langstieh, one of the leaders of the HNLC who held the rank of Lieutenant in the party. He has appeared before the Chief Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills for his involvement in the shooting at Lumdingjri Police Station.
The Court on Thursday, accepting the submission of L. Ngahaka, counsel for the petitioners, issued the notice.
To avoid conflict with others, those who go to apply for passes should take responsibility to keep a distance from each other in the queue until their turn.
The union believes that if the government does not do anything, they will not hesitate to hold a strike even if it affects their work as doctors.
On the part of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titos Chyne in his speech, he expressed his satisfaction that under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid as Chairman of KHADC, we have been able to create this channel. KHADC and this channel will help not only the KHADC but all the MDCs who want to spread any news.
Others are still waiting for Visas.
Several local entrepreneurs spoke about their businesses and challenges and among them were winemaker Tage Rita from Arunachal and owner of Meira Foods of Manipur. , by Shubra Devi.
Regarding the harassment of people in Bihar, the KHADC strongly condemns those people who have committed this crime and considers them as savages.
He also completed his Assam Civil Service in
The Council has decided to issue a Notification to the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate in the review of trading licenses and urged the Dorbars not to issue NOCs without the approval of the EC. 2/3.
It is true that the government has set up a DTO office in this new district but what is needed is that there is a need for staff to do the job.
Minister Duh spoke about the many opportunities available from geo-spatial technology.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr AJ Synkon said that the meeting with the Director was to find out the reasons for the shortening of the age limit for the post of Nursing Officer.
Regarding the EVMs, there are seven EVMs, three in Khasi Hills and three in Rajabala, four EVMs in Mawphlang, one in Mawryngkeng and three in Mawryngkeng. In Rajabala, the machines currently in use are M-3
Speaking to SP News Agency, Congress leaders said that this conflict between the Congress leaders especially those in charge has affected the party.
Umsning MLA Jason S Mawlong said the Prime Minister has said that he will convene a meeting to discuss the issue.
He also acknowledged, “The game is very difficult especially compared to other foreigners because they are more fit, they are taller, and taller, so it is difficult to Damebanmerbha added that if it is with people from our own state, it is easier to play.
On the other hand, the leaders of HPF Ri Bhoi expressed their gratitude to the staff of the government health center in Tyrso for their efforts to provide assistance to the people of the area in times of illness. They said that it is only a sub center and they find it difficult to work because they don't have the necessary equipment like the PHCs. HPF urges the MLA and MDC of Mawhati to take action to talk to the government for the upgradation of this Sub-Centre to a PHC for the benefit of the people. The area is located on the border with Assam.
Due to the fight against COVID-19, the West Bengal Government and the District Administration have allowed only nine sisters to attend the funeral. Sister Julia's birthday today.
Contempt of House- A member of the House who speaks or utters words that are against the sanctity of the House of Lords at the level of the Village, Raij or Hima, including in the Dorbar. Thawaiñ State.
Regarding this road, the KHADC has decided to allocate T.20 crore from the special fund of the KHADC for the maintenance of this road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji and to others are the villages nearby.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15: Over the past 10 years, the eSanjeevani programme, the National Telemedicine Service of the MoHFW, has served more than 50 lakh patients.
Speaking to reporters, Nongkrem Mahila Congress President Jenita Kharkamni said that her resignation from the Congress party is due to her dissatisfaction with the working methods of the Congress party. They want to support Bah Edarstar L.Nongbri who is the UDP candidate because he is a villager and an experienced person in this field.
It was also witnessed that members of the students of NEHU forcibly entered the Conference Hall during the hours when the Vice Chancellor was sitting in a meeting.
Referring to the winners of the Uttar Pradesh (1st – 4th June 2023), MAWA said that the team won the gold medal in the Senior Women's 60 kgs Left Hand and the Senior Women's 60 kgs Left Hand. Women's 60 kgs Right Hand, bronze medal in Youth Girl's 60 kgs Left Hand and bronze medal in Youth Girl's 60 kgs Right Hand.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has issued an order to close all works in Motphran area due to violation of the rules without wearing masks and social distancing. These areas have been closed from Bimola Point to Garikhana parking lot.
The office bearers were Diancy Kharwar President, Comfortme Khriam Vice President, Bilthiang Sungoh General Secretary Rosa Langrin Treasurer and Lusibon Kim Treasurer.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 26: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya Unit through its President Bah Shibun Lyngdoh for speaking without thinking about the uranium mining as it appeared in the media. .
The ADCs' recommendation came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of District Council Affairs, convened a meeting with the Autonomous District Councils, DCA officers and Revenue Department. to discuss the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye Law by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Municipalities and ADCs in the Scheduled Areas.
He said that the request to the KHADC to monitor the operation of foreign tour operators should be to promote the youth who set up such businesses as the operation of these foreign companies affects the economy. earn money that young man owns the country.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Bah Teibor Pathaw MDC of Mawlai District today met with the Minister in charge of General Administration Department, Bah Comingone Ymbon to request the government to change the name of the city. The Mawlai Bypass Road is located on the FS Khajee Mawlai Bypass Road.
Shillong, Feb 01: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the killing of Arunachal Pradesh student Nido Taniam in Delhi this morning. which the police were also present.
“Therefore, the statement of Sylloklang Majaw is untrue and can mislead the people and we strongly condemn this,” said Bah Kanol.
Vicky Mawrie in his speech said that the youth of this state have various skills and the most important thing is the need for guidance. they.
He said how the government does not understand the problem of the people.
“I also shared with him the plan to have a New Shillong Township where we plan to build a new Administrative City and a new Secretariat and I shared with him the Plan and Designs that have been submitted. and ask for his support to ensure that the projects move forward.
Speech was also delivered by the SDSEO, Bah Edward Marngar, who expressed the desire of the Managing Committee to Up-Grade the school from UP to Secondary. This issue has been sent to the Office of the Inspector for assistance in the development of this school.
We live in an age of rapid industrialization and human lifestyle, air pollution is increasing.
Shillong, March 16: Thirteen political parties in the state have decided to extend the curfew to 12 hours.
to express its gratitude to the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep for accepting the proposal of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep The Fourth Special Session of the People's Parliament will be held on the 13th February 2013 at 10.00 am at Madan Tirot Singh, Mission Mairang. cut.
It is not yet known which vehicle hit the man.
On this occasion, the Chief of Army Staff expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi and the Government of India, the Indian Army for their support. I was born in 1971.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD, Teras Dkhar, expressed his gratitude, pride and gratitude to Irene Dkhar who, through her hard work, She has brought herself, her family, the Kur Dkhar-EJHD, the Jaidbynriew as a whole, and also to our state this title and honor as the most beautiful girl. in Meghalaya and Northeast India.
These cows were smuggled to Bangladesh by the smugglers who smuggled them through the forest roads at Rongtilla village.
The MR said the orders and instructions should be given in clear and simple terms along with explanatory drawings on home quarantine and health care delivery in rural areas.
According to the order from the desk of the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, the union has to condemn that it is illegal without following the orders of the Supreme Court and the High Court on (23/ 6/2021).
Respecting the ideas of Baba Saheb Ambedkar for the equal rights of Muslim women; that they may have confidence in themselves; so that they can participate in the development of the country.
He said that many problems will arise but we will not only look at the problems but also how to overcome these problems.
Speaking at the public meeting, Bah Syiem said that many attempts by the Congress-led Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA-II) Government have failed to overthrow him. “My fight with the Congress can be seen as a football match between the MUA Football Club and the PDF Football Club.
As this person hates the Khasi people, it is clear from his refusal to give the C&RD Block to Mawlai which has been famous for a long time.
New Delhi, November 29: Arvind Saxena, today sworn in as the Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) by Prof. Dr. Pradeep Kumar Joshi, Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). senior officers today.
East Jaintia Hills District Police have received a tip from the intelligence agencies at 12.30 pm on Tuesday that a man identified as Manoj Muksor from Silchar has been arrested. Police have conducted a search operation at Lumshnong and searched the vehicles coming from this area.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Government of Assam, Atul Bora said that farmers in two districts of Assam - Goalpara and Kamrup - have now started cultivating palm oil and There is also a plan to cover 1500 hectares of land in 17 districts under oil refinery.
In this regard, MEPA urges the HNLC to understand all the facts as mentioned above especially that the media has to follow the rules of law according to the order of the court. Shillong, Nailar 6: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 14 new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in the country. There are 12 deaths from COVID-19 in the country today, of which 12 have not yet been vaccinated.
This Government has focused on education and is trying to overcome the shortcomings in the health sector in a short period of time, by introducing an Education Policy, to improve government schools. and the opening of People's Colleges and the support of private schools and colleges.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that the KHADC has not violated any rules, it has acted in accordance with the rules of law regarding non-resident traders. and to the owners of the state by registering them in relation to the sale of land.
Expressing that the public should not be afraid, the Minister said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been vigilant through the Integrated Disease Surveillance Program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The State Government has decided to set up the Standing Coordination Committee (SCC) after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, convened a meeting on Tuesday. IG BSF H. Dhilon, DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi and Village Leaders to discuss the allegation of rape by BSF troops against the Officer incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. Seiboklang Buam. happened on the 11th of this month.
This is the answer to the question of Bah HS Shylla.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the actions of the Governor.
He said that NEEPCO will implement clean and green energy. He said that he has had talks with the Chief Minister of the State regarding the projects. of the Umiam River and others.
In his keynote address, the Chief of Sengkur Warjri, Bah DL Warjri, urged the Kurs to strengthen the Kurs by supporting other Kurs in Ri Khasi so that they can the rise of the nation.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Working President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today appeared before the Lumdingjri Police Station to answer the charges against him under Section 160/ 175 of the CrPC. The summons is for his public speech at a rally held at Motphrah in November 2022 on the Mukroh incident in which four people were killed in a shooting incident. Assam Police on 5/11/2
On the other hand, the CEM said that he has already sent a letter to the Transport Department to request for the number of vehicles which have been issued permits to people from outside the State. that Non Tribal.
The area falls within the boundary of the Shillong Cantonment Board, said HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The FKJGP Garo Hills Zone (FKJGP) has strongly condemned the statement of the All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) to ban the transportation of trucks to Garo Hills if the government does not pay T. lak as the ransom for those who died in Tura.
Even in the animal kingdom it has been found that they still have their own animals in which it is not easy for a donkey to marry a bear, a horse to marry a cow or a cow to marry a dog, but the donkey. he shall be married to a sheep, a Dngiem to a Dngiem, and a horse to a horse.
The market, whether in any part of the Khasi Hills, was often considered to be the food of the people but as time went by, the market became the food of the Khasi people. This has been witnessed even in Iewduh and Khyndai Lad which are the two largest trading centers in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: U Bah Honsen Lyngdoh, one of the prominent figures in the state, today launched the newsletter of the FKJGP. The conference was held at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw Centre.
“We cannot say that not only the Meghalaya government is the parent of Jaintia Hills but also the central government (India).
The woman is currently in critical condition and is undergoing treatment at Holy Cross Hospital, Mairang.
Local shops and shops such as PDOs can earn money by selling the internet without the need for a license, registration and or any payment to the DoT. Those who wish to participate in this activity can send their consent to join this meeting via the internet, along with their suggestions in this regard.
In this regard, the union informs the MLA of the area that as in their district there is only one office of the Agriculture Development Officer in Maheshkhola. This office is in our area so that the people of the area can benefit.
The webinar was also attended by officials of the Press Information Bureau and the Central Bureau of Communication of the North East.
As the objective of Mizoram tourism is to showcase the state as a safe and sustainable tourism destination, the State Government intends to put 'Mystical Mizoram' in mind. of all tourists with sympathy for nature.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, upon learning of the conflict between Israel and Palestine, immediately spoke to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government to ensure that the people who have left the state. they shall not leave the land.
Three AK-56s and three Mags wrapped in a blue jacket were seized by the Custom.
In a statement, Bah Drowing Dkhar, president of the tournament, said that the spread of garbage is something that is unpleasant to see and causes uncleanliness which will affect health.
Shillong, March 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that police have arrested a suspect in connection with the killing of bomb in front of the party office in Lachumier.
He urged the students that if they want to find more writings on the actions of Syiem Tirot Singh and the French from 1829 to 1834 they should go to Nottingham University in London where there are many writings. which are set aside in connection with the events in these mountains.
Fortunately, the village, which also has houses, has not suffered any injury because the sudden power outage occurred during the dry season and not during the rainy season.
“It's a danger to those who walk and stand,” said Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the volunteers.
In her speech, Dr Helen Giri suggested that these songs should be arranged in the form of poetry. to help with this aspect.
Tura, Naitung 31: The floods in Garo Hills have started to decrease, but they are still in danger as they have not decreased as they should in the flat parts of West Garo Hills.
The council should also look into all these and should write to all the central government offices to confirm this.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched a protest against the government's demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. The flag raising ceremony started from the gate of the residence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri in Mawkhar.
Despite the calls for a curfew, the people have come out to complete their duties to elect their leaders.
The leaders of the union together with the members of the union have gathered these jhur vendors and have gone straight to the compound of the DC's office and the union has had a talk with the DC and he has promised to take action on this. This was the issue after a meeting with the leaders of the party and the market dwellers in Iawmusiang.
In Garo Hills, a landslide has occurred on the Ringrey-Gandrak-Chitoktak road where the State Disaster Response Force (SRC) has launched a landslide to rescue vehicles trapped in a traffic jam between street.
On this occasion, he urged the people to support the ethnic parties to form the government in
The rally was led by the Catholic and Baptist Churches to protest against the insurgency in Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 25: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, an IAS officer who retired from the government service in the past few days, will join the Congress party today to contest the MLA election. In 2018, he was elected from Mawsynram Constituency.
He also expressed his gratitude to the members of the school who have worked hard to implement this program for the benefit of the entire village of Mawlai. Teachers from the school came to witness this day.
The jobs prohibited from employing children are in meat processing plants, car manufacturing, factories, mining, domestic service, hotels, restaurants, Dhaba. , shops as stipulated in the Act Under Article 3 of the Act stipulates the employment for children.
The purpose of this race is to promote health and the race was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India who urged the people to exercise in their daily lives. sun.
The union has tried to meet him in these days but due to lack of work it has not been possible to meet him, but as the Mawsynram C&RD Block should have been promoted to Mawsynram C&RD Block. Civil Sub-Division.
However, the three times they met later, they did not reach any agreement. When they wanted to meet with the Minister of Education, the Minister wanted to talk more. teachers but it is the government’s fault is blamed.
Let me give you another example.
The total number of voters by district is West Jaintia Hills 207,374 lakh, Ri Bhoi 195,060 lakh, East Khasi Hills 608,136 lakh, West Khasi Hills 128,551 lakh, South Jaintia Hills 97,839 lakh. West Khasi Hills 75647 people, Eastern West Khasi Hills 87804 people.
Relatives of the Sadar Police Station said that the police arrested the two KSU members at 1:15 pm on Tuesday. .
Many of those who came to the state during the war were not allowed to stay in the Evangelical Baptist Convention Church and the Chin Baptist Association.
It will be of benefit not only to the government but also to those who should have shops if the second floor is opened.
South West Khasi Hills District has been the worst affected district, where more than 1500 houses have been damaged in Ranikor Block alone.
I am pleased that this year, our friend, the President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaroun will be with us to celebrate Republic Day tomorrow.
Continue to follow the guidelines across the country related to the prevention of COVID-19, in order to implement the preventive measures related to COVID-19. All activities outside the Containment Zones, except the following, should be strictly observed in accordance with the SOPs. a culture up to half the admittance capacity of the venue where it is not to exceed 200 people in non-outdoor areas; and checking the size of the property if these are in areas outside the home.
At this meeting, the MSDRC has invited 17 government departments to attend the meeting to review the implementation of schemes of the state government and to discuss the issues faced by the government departments. meeting in the implementation of schemes to the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities (FPD) recently met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma at his residence and urged the Chief Minister to implement a 4% employment quota for persons with disabilities.
On the allegation that the construction of the Dome has been completed quickly, Ransom said that the allegation is not true because the construction of the Dome has been completed soon. it exists but they can’t just do it because they have to follow the drawing exactly.
Dr. Kharkongor also informed about the changes in the functioning of the Library.
We hope that through the participation of the villages, we will complete the remaining work.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has sent a clear statement to the Khasi girls that their dress should not be a dress that protects the poor. ten days.
Shillong, July 09: Three persons have died in an earthquake in Garo Hills, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said.
Regarding the construction of the road to these villages, Titosstarwell said that the central government has a PMGSY scheme which will be looked into but to facilitate the transportation of the villages. This Ropeway will be of benefit to the people.
Hundreds of people came to take part in this race.
There has been a discussion for a while and I have not sent a letter requesting the appointment of a team of inquiry into the incident. in accordance with the guidelines.
The meeting will also discuss the issue of making the North East of India a center for the production of organic foods, a center for the production of herbal medicines and many others. other matters of discussion.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Speaking on the Zero Hours Notice submitted by TS Thangkhiew in the KHADC, Bah HS Shylla said, “I am a person who has too much to return to this House. He said that on Facebook, in the voice of Hynniewtrep, he said that he should be shot dead. In the past, the insurgents came to my house, but with the presence of the police, he said that he should be shot dead. “I have informed the Superintendent of Police and the Deputy Commissioner that someone has threatened to shoot me,” he said.
Speaking to SP News Agency, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the distribution of these books today is still in Khasi language and there will also be a distribution of the same books in Garo Hills. They are currently preparing for the Garo language.
Chyne said that the KHADC will continue to strengthen its offices in Nongstoin, Nongpoh and Mawkyrwat by sending Junior Engineers to these places at least twice a month. meeting with the people especially on the Bills of works implemented by the KHADC.
Other speakers included Samlin Malngniang MLA, Reniktone L Tongkha Minister of State, MN Mukhin EM of KHADC. schedule for the nation.
In her speech, Telinia said that when you elect MDCs, don't bring schemes in your villages but elect them to be the stronghold to protect the people by bringing bills to protect the people. Country and nation.
Furthermore, if you feel fever, headache, fever, chills or shortness of breath, please contact the Helpline No.94853-95373, 82579-4614576420-08817 and 89740-3
There are only 34 places in the world where stong trees are found and four of these are in India and they are one in the Western Ghats, the Eastern Himalayas, Indo-Burma and Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Sahoo said.
The responsibility of the Government? “We request the Deputy Commissioner to grant permission to him (Kong Bindas) to hold a protest under Article 19 (1) a, b of the Constitution. " he said.
The ceremony was held to mark the 53rd Anniversary of the party and the 50th Anniversary of the state. for the establishment of a complete state as it is today.
The Director of Health Services (ICMR) has recognized the COVID-19 positive testing center at the Pasture Institute as a genome sequence testing centre. to get the result is because you have to do this new test.
Out of the nine areas where the government plans to increase the tax, in the fifth page of the 56th page of the statement, the Chief Minister said, “There is a tax increase in all the areas. parties covered by the Meghalaya Passenger and Goods Tax Act.
Because of the lack of participation of many people in the election of a candidate, the responsibility or hard work to work hard to win this candidate is also more stable and stinging.
James Sangma, Minister in charge of Forests, said he was shocked to learn of the sudden death of David A Nongrum MLA Mawryngkneng. He also sends his condolences to the family members of the deceased and may the Creator bless the family.
According to information received, the body of this newborn child, which was suspected to have been broken by her parents, was found by the residents of Wah Umkhrah behind the river. Seng Khasi College.
At the meeting held at the ground floor of the college, the Deputy Commissioner praised the college for allocating only T.4 lakh tyngka while the work of the college has been completed. court more than ten lakh tyngka.
Tagodia arrived in Guwaha to attend the National VHP Convention which started today and will end on the 28th of this month.
During the meeting, many of these wealthy people expressed their willingness to set up businesses in the North East.
He said that the Seng will not rest but will continue to monitor and raise the issue of the residents and if the authorities do not listen the Seng will take other stronger measures.
The Minister said that the opposition is fighting only to block the government's plans in terms of development projects in the state. or there is no one who is forced upon them by certain groups.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that there are times when there are delays in the implementation of schemes but the government is ready to correct the mistakes to improve the implementation.
This is the highest turnout in all the MP elections in Meghalaya. This is the highest turnout in all the MP elections in Meghalaya.
Noting that the legal system in the country is overseen and administered by the Supreme Court of the country, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken the special initiative to make the services of the Supreme Court available to the people. all parts of the country and mentioned the approval of the third phase of the E-Court Mission project.
To mark the centenary, a two-day conference was held at Kevadia, Gujarat on 25-26 November.
Shillong, Nailar 01: U Tistostarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and MDC of Sohra, has demanded that the government should set up a judicial inquiry into the plight of the victims. Kyntiew Shaphrang School children have been arrested for allegedly stealing drugs.
The SP said in a statement that the state police department is responsible for the maintenance of peace among the communities and any attempt to instigate and harass will be prosecuted according to the rules of law.
The mechanic was rescued from the middle of a forest.
It was also discussed that the government should strengthen the security of the border areas between Assam and Meghalaya. Many of these border areas are very dangerous. KSU leaders in the area said that the Assam police have been harassing the people who are staying in the area and requested the government to strengthen the security in these areas. the border said Daniel.
Synrem said that the union has not received the reply of the Minister of Housing, so as a complainant I have lodged a complaint against the Directorate of Housing in the Meghalaya Lokayukta because everyone knows that the Lokayukta has the power to investigate. allegations of corruption against Government employees or officers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Seng Khasi today celebrated its 113th anniversary.
In connection with this day, the party would like to extend its special greetings to all the members of the party, especially to those who have children. their hands,they died in the midst of the battle.
Interestingly, there was a cooperation between the organizers of the ceremony and the District Administration.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96651 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94976 have recovered and 1622 have died. after.
Former Minister of State and MLA Zenith M Sangma has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. to the state.
“They were silent at that time and said to condemn the Congress for corruption but now they have found that the present government is not only corrupt but also corrupt.
Now Bangladesh wants to take them back if it can.
This was stated by Samla Iaishah Warkhyllew General Secretary KSU Nongkrem Circle.
The main objective of the Training Program is to provide training to the farmers to improve their livelihood especially to the rural people and to improve their agriculture according to the changing climate. for.
On the other hand, Bah MH Dkhar said, “Ka seng urges all the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills not to issue blank residential certificates to the residents. The name, number, date and reasons for giving them and so on should be recorded in the Register of the Village, so that the gift can be accurately recorded. Their syrnod will put the nation in danger in the future.
Ms Rashir expressed her gratitude to MEPA for giving the award and said that it is the duty of the journalists of Meghalaya to raise issues related to the people of the state so that they can the issues will come to the attention of the media throughout India.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Police Department has deployed a number of traffic policemen to block vehicles parked in the streets. to this day.
New Delhi, November 10: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), a central government intelligence team, on receiving a tip-off, raided its office at Bharuch. Gujarat and during the raid, police seized T.48.91 crore worth of old currency, 500 rupees and 1000 rupees.
It is to be recalled that the JYF-EJH on 20th-12-2013 has sent a letter to the DC regarding the closure of illegal liquor shops and restaurants in East Jaintia Hills. On the other hand, the DC EJH has promised to declare a day of tyrkhong kiad in all the districts on the 25th, 26th of this month so that there will be no riots or trouble in the district. This is the time to celebrate Christmas with the Christians of the District.
Three Flying Squads, three Static Surveillance and three Video Surveillance have been deployed in each MLA constituency for all the 60 MLA constituencies in the state.
He urged the youth to be the agents of change for the development of the state.
The village of Wapungskur, has also requested the authorities in charge of this road to repair and improve the traffic lights which have been installed without working now; to complete the construction of pedestrian walkways and guard walls for the safety of the public.
Bah Thabah also explained that the people can get assistance from the Basin Livelihood Program for raising pigs, cattle, clothes and every year the block office selects people to go for training. The Relief Scheme is for those who have been affected by damage to crops, livestock or houses and others. The allocation of funds for this scheme depends on the damage.
Shillong, July 11: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Meghalaya Tourism Policy 2023 to replace the existing policy since
The scheme aims to promote and recognize pilgrimage sites across the country to promote religious tourism.
The residents have complained to the union that they are suffering especially since one of the Lab Technicians has been dismissed and they are facing a lot of problems because this Lab Technician is ready to help the patients. of this area at any time you need help.
These two roads are just an example of what the central government has found. He said that there are many roads in Meghalaya which have been constructed under the PMGSY scheme but which have not been built. The state government has to raise funds to complete the remaining roads.
The District Council also hopes that the Clan Bill should be implemented within this year.
In his speech, the Governor said that the HNLC has expressed its willingness to talk peace, but the government stands firm on the ground that the government's ban on peace talks speak of peace only if they stop doing violence.
The shortage of teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools in West Khasi Hills has created problems for the teachers and there are also schools where one teacher has to teach alone in one school.
On the other hand, Assam said that these boundaries will have nothing to do with the border issue between the two states. crane on this work.
Officials of the District Child Protection Unit, Deputy Commissioner Isawanda Laloo, Magistrate IM Syiem, Chairperson of the State Commission for Child Rights, Dr. N Bareh, Member of Juvenile Justice Board, D.Thangkhiew.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, he said that after the construction of the houses has been completed, there are still some works that remain such as wells, roads, water supply. bad light.
This center was opened for people with disabilities in Shillong today.
The committee will hold meetings and invite experts and civil society organizations to give their opinions on how to provide protection to the people of the North East living in other parts of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) will soon inspect the preparations for the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Ranikor via Mawkyrwat. .
Shillong, Nailur 03: There are 193 cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, 138 cases in West Khasi Hills and 13 cases in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases was
At the same time, for all those who have already registered, they should send notice to the office from time to time and the return should be within 24 hours from the arrival of the guests. The same applies to all private sector, schools, hostels, colleges, universities, churches and mosques, this applies to all foreigners who come to the state.
Jowai, November 25: : The Chairman of the Hynniewtrep People's Liberation Front (HPLF), Bah JD Thangkiew, on Tuesday said that the party wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. all the children of the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
One person has tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills. One person is admitted to Civil Hospital, one person is admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital and one person is a tourist driver. 2 nurses of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, 2 close contacts of one person who tested positive for COVID-19, one from the army and 4 from abroad the state.
In the villages they are indeed the protectors of human life.
Shillong, March 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today tweeted that he prays for the happiness of Tiklu Jyrwa, a member of the Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA). A group of 41 people have been injured in a landslide in Uttarakhand.
Police are conducting a search operation in the area, said SP of South Garo Hills District Annad Mishar.
At the same time, the union has submitted a petition to the Director of Health Services to demand that there should be a proper payment to the ASHAs.
From Mawlai Thangkhiew Petrol Pump via Mawdatbaki, Mawlai Mawroh via Golflinks to Polo Ground, Mawprem Kyrbom via Police Bazar to Polo Ground.
He said that the focus on the area will also be on education, health and special training for the youth in the area.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr BDR Tiwari, CEO of Meghalaya Government Cooperative, Sachin Nerukar, CEO of Sarvatra Technologies (P) Ltd.
In his speech, the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Henry Lamin, expressed his satisfaction that such a meeting will be held to discuss the languages ​​of the North East. It is the largest country in India because it is the largest country in the world.
It is rare to find in this age people who have sacrificed the wealth of the world for the sake of the good and the bright future and her death is a great loss not only to the nation. Khasi but to all the world especially to those who stand up for human rights.
At present this is just a discussion and we cannot say this and the custom is that women cannot participate in the Dorbar Shnong”.
“Therefore, taking note of these complaints, the HYC-CEC has visited several C&RD Block and Hariana Iron Works Pvt.
He also spoke about the measures to strengthen the resources such as storage facilities to 35 million tonnes and the introduction of the Agriculture Infrastructure Fund of T 1 lakh crore.
The Chief Minister has directed the Commissioners of the Divisions to ensure that there are still many areas that are still abandoned as the state still has many areas that are difficult to access. be careful not to leave before you give your final report.
He said that when the police are on the ground, when the time comes to take a decision at that time, how to act in a few seconds will be very difficult because what you take is the decision. for the people, so there is a need for education.
The meeting was held at Riangdo, Mawshynrut C&RD Block Office, 155 kms from Shillong.
About 527 children from across the districts of the State have taken part in the Talent Hunt Program under the KIRTI-MyBharat.
The BSF has handed over to the relevant authorities to take action according to the rules and regulations. These drugs are banned from sale in Bangladesh. it is like alcohol.
The government is also working to address the problems that may arise in Assam.
She is also a member of the All Meghalaya Dance Association (AMDA).
This was an interesting and fruitful discussion at the G2
Shillong, Lber 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) is confident of winning the GHADC Assembly elections to be held on the 12th of June.
In another incident, police today seized 900 song of kaja from Paltan Bazar behind the market.
“According to the Vice President, there are more than 3,000 domestic workers who have registered to become members of the AMDWU. Lastly, she admitted that the Union has received many complaints of such incidents.
In another seizure, BSF personnel seized 7 kilograms of heroin worth T.30,000 from Chikenbari.
Speech was delivered by Bah L Arun Mawrie, President Kur Mawrie, who expressed the benefits of such a meeting and congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, who has worked hard to raise the number of KURs. He urged all the Kurs to give their support to such a good cause.
The sections of this workshop are aimed at assisting States to gain an understanding of the various aspects of State AVGC policies and assist them in developing these.
On the other hand, Abhishek welcomed the party and said that with his joining the party, they will continue to work for the benefit of the people and hope that this partnership will benefit the people of the area. whole.
The Meghalaya Basin Management Agency, in collaboration with the Observer Research Foundation (ORF) as the Think20 (T20) Secretariat under the G20 Presidency of India, has organized the Think20 Conference.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that six people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths to state as a whole.
This year, more than 10,000 people from all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia who still hold on to their culture have come to take part in this celebration. Seng Khasi and this is held and maintained by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar.
Michael Kharsyntiew and Mariahom Kharkrang, both of whom have recently joined the BJP, have decided who will win the MLA ticket from 17-Shillong North. The ticket will be held by the party's highest authorities.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has convened a meeting of government officials to discuss the natural disaster in the state which has affected thousands of houses. Two lives have been lost in the storm and cold weather.
At the same time, the people of the area have confidence in the traditional medicine and it would be good if they help to plant herbal medicines in order to improve the income of the people.
It would be good if we could try to bring cleanliness.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya launched a tree planting ceremony at the Raj Bhavan to strengthen the celebration of Sikkim's Independence Day.
Ed) which has been in existence for more than 10 years, but perhaps the Government is playing with the rights of us teachers" The protesters will hold a public rally on the 12th of this month starting from Jingkieng Nongtymmai Square and passing through the Fire Brigade, St. Edmund's College, Dhankheti, Malki, Barik, IGP and Aristotle C. Rymbai President of MSSASA Sengkmie said that the meeting will be held at the Additional Secretariat.
The reason for the publication of this article is that the first Dorbar of 2020 according to Rule 36 (3) should be held at the beginning of March 2020, therefore, February 2020 is the month in which the Executive Committee will meet. The Khasi Social Custom Administration Bill, 2018 should be sent back to the Governor for approval. After the District Council has been able to clarify the nine issues that the Governor has sent in his Message to the KHADC since
Gogoi was arrested on charges of inciting Pranab Boro to set himself on fire in the land protest.
The government's intention is to recognize this area as a habitat for elephants and if there is any damage by elephants to agriculture or houses, the government can provide assistance. to people in a closed manner again.
The RBSU will continue to wait for the reply to the RTI.
Looking at workplace size (number of employees), about 80% of workplaces have 10 to 99 employees.
L Shanmugam , Thiru.
The KSU said that it has been almost a year now and the KSU wants to get an explanation from the MPSC on this or whether there has been any order from the government. The Chairman of the MPSC has been urged to inform the union.
As part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk Contacts in the village.
The injured were identified as Senister Kharshandi, 26, Bah Kwin Marngar, 17 and Pynbhalang Kharshandi, 19. They were all from Rambrai. Bethany Hospital Shillong.
The reason for the arrest of Bah Kharhujon was in connection with a complaint lodged at Laban Police Station, Laban PS C/no.115(10). Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Pranjol Bhuyan and nine other employees of M/s Ferro Alloy Industry Ltd, Riwiang, West Khasi Hills District today arrested a suspect. Monjurul Hoque has suddenly disappeared from work without paying the salaries of the employees.
On the other hand, the Additional Director General, National Cadet Corps (NCC), North East Region, RK Sharma urged the students to follow the example of this great man to be selfless and courageous in the field of education. good works.
Police were informed that a crowd had turned against a Chinese residence in Barseen and there were also groups protesting at one of the Hydro Project work sites. They rushed to the scene and managed to calm the anger of the crowd.
At this meeting, Rev.GS Lytan as the Pastor in charge welcomed these elders and expressed his gratitude especially to the DC for taking care of this task.
“I have tried to talk to Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh but I have not been able to talk to him. I have brought the resolution twice in the House and this time I have not brought it again. The demand for Garo State in the Legislative Assembly.
They demanded that at present as the minorities in the state they are lagging behind in all aspects and the organizations that with the presence of the Council can improve in many aspects to join them. and other nations.
Shillong, Lber 30: The AdventuRers today distributed food to the poor who do not have adequate shelter. 208 people have received food aid today.
The total number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 so far is 94335, 92524 have recovered and 1595 have died.
The Salaries and Allowances (Third Amendment) Bill, 2019 has been increased from T.38,570/- to T.103,3 /- and the constituency fee has been increased from T.4500/- to T.19000/-.
However, no details have been received for how many months the government has been able to help release the salaries of the employees.
This will help us to identify the problems by looking at the information available from scientific research, looking at the risks and introducing comprehensive measures to reduce them,” he said.
Dr Pawar said the Public Works Department (PWD) had allocated Rs 126 crore last year to build a 39 km road to connect five villages.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Khasi Hills with 57 cases, Ri Bhoi with 9 cases, East Garo Hills with 6 cases, West Garo Hills with 4 cases. , South West Khasi Hills
Earlier we heard the story of how Kim Jong Un's wife had to follow strict rules, now we bring you information about some of North Korea's laws that you may not have thought of. Faithful:.
We have freely elected our leaders and appointed people with the rank of Rangbah to be the spokespersons to bring the voice of the people into the Government. khongpong because we understand clearly that in the end the people remain only the people and the voice of the majority has disappeared at the end of the election because it has been covered and overwhelmed by the rongphong. of the world.
The signing of the IOA does not have an exact date, what kind of social unity agreement does it have to be signed one after another until it is not understood.
Police suspect that the perpetrators had poured petrol on her and thrown wood at her.
The FKJGP requests the Rangbah Shnongs not to issue NOCs to these foreigners and the FKJGP will continue to monitor this matter. Please inform the public about this.
The Seng once again announces that they are ready to fight by any means against the Government's plan to establish a military base in the District.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister spoke to the Union Minister on the non-functioning of machines in government health centers in Meghalaya.
Referring to the National Games 2022 to be held in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister said that this is an honor for the state as a whole and there is a need for the cooperation of all parties to hold the Games. to this successful game.
This will ensure that the party's candidate Ferlin CA Sangma will win the mid-term elections next year.
He said that they are fortunate that no one was injured in the blast.
However, when they arrested foreigners who were walking around during the curfew, he was quick to find reasons to blame the Seng.
Relations with Bangladesh, Maldives and Nepal are normal and relations with Afghanistan are improving.
The Khasi Social Customs of Lineage Act, 2005, has already explained the Khasi.
The CEO also acknowledged that the lip light has been installed and especially in the past month, the lights have been on for 10 days.
In the speech, he also explained the responsibility of parents to provide education to their children and to raise and care for them properly.
The gold was seized from Amir Hussain and police are conducting investigation.
Shillong, November 12: The Central Election Committee (CPF) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today held a meeting at the party headquarters in Nongrim Hills. The fourth list of candidates for the MLA Election 2018 from three constituencies.
The BDO of Umsning C&RD Block as the chief guest also received a speech from the Rangbah Shnong of Umkei in which he thanked the MLA and BDO who have been involved in the construction of the building. There is a need for the development of the village especially for the children and the women who receive food through this Centre.
The phone numbers set by the Forest Department are 9436999145, 9436998362 and
Shillong, Nailar 24: Speaking as the chief guest at the encouragement meeting for the students of Shlem Kyntiew Evening School, Mawphlang, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Mawphlang-Diengïei Constituency, said that the it is the most powerful weapon against poverty.
For the streamlining of activities related to the COVID-19 pandemic and to improve financial recovery, all States and UTs have a major role to play.
“This November many festivals will be coming up.
One of the reasons for the decline in the income of the Khasi people is due to inheritance.
On the other hand, the government authorities have taken all necessary measures to ensure that there will be no incident that could disrupt the polling.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Police of Madanriting today morning seized 300 grams of heroin from Madanriting and arrested two mothers from Manipur.
Shillong, March 25: A peacekeeping team led by State Coordinators Gary James and Panborlang Nongkynrih was held at the office of the Meghalaya Bharat Scout and Guide in Shillong today.
The Co-Chairman of the MSPB has convened this meeting to discuss how to deal with the issue of land tenure in the state. They will give advice so that the MSPB can give advice to the government on the registration of land.
Williamnagar, Jymmang 10: Police in East Garo Hills today after receiving a tip that some members of the ANVC(B) were inside Williamnagar town. The CrPF has cut off all the roads and searched all the roads and in this raid they have arrested one of the members of the ANVC(B).
In the second digital connectivity report, Prime Minister Duh said that internet users have increased to 80 crore from 6 crore in
The district is expected to inaugurate the 10th Anniversary celebration of the district by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the presence of other leaders such as SC Marak and others.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that until now, the government has been illegal and when they hold this wine festival, they have to get permission from the government. per day.
He also praised the Meghalaya Early Childhood (ECD) Mission and said that the Government of Meghalaya has put forward this issue through a new vision.
The Central Government should respect the small paid people in India. If the number of people reaches only 2 or 3 lakh, it will be a humanitarian crisis in terms of food and drink. Join hands to demand that the Central Government should repeal the CAA,
The time has come for you to decide that before 2022, when India celebrates 75 years of independence, we will take their children to about 15 tourist destinations in the country.
to expedite the disbursement of funds by banks; 10.
West Jaintia Hills Police Chief R Mathu said that the vehicle has been seized and the case has been handed over to the officers of the Forest Department. you are the government.
According to the statement, the SP said that Bah Storgy Lyngdoh is a member of the HNLC and has a close relationship with the Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the HNLC. A.Hazarika alias Manbhalang Jyrwa, former Vice Chairman of the HNLC. In this regard, a complaint has been registered at Rynjah Police Station for further investigation. this work.
It is not necessary to say 'Leh kate mon ha ri lajong' as the processioners shouted against the government, but they should be more strong in their desire for power and security in order to avoid the counting of others.
The three-day march was held to convey to the government that it should implement the 14 demands of the HYC to prevent the smuggling of foreigners into the country. The party stands on the ground that only the ILP can protect foreigners from entering the state.
In this regard, the party will also talk to the party president Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
The first leaders of the KSU Barak Valley Circle were Samla Ketmi Pohthmi as President and Samla Edling Pohlong as General Secretary at that time.
Therefore, their presence in the rural areas should not discourage them but should stand firm to fight against the obstacles in their lives to reach their goal.
Fast Track Special Courts are special courts that should complete trials quickly.
Shillong, March 15: The Border Security Force (BSF) of Borsora in South West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, have arrested a man. Vinod Rasali, 28, of Bagar Patar village, Gohapur police station, Sonitpur district, Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) on Tuesday expressed its regret to learn that students who have been selected to go to Assam for doctoral studies from Meghalaya have been rejected by the Medical Colleges of Assam. this state.
The closure of markets is throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The first computer training center by the government has started operating at Williamnagar in East Garo Hills District.
The Seng has also warned these banks not to fight against or count the holidays of Christians.
Tura, November 03: The Bethany Society and the Social Welfare Department of the Meghalaya Government today celebrated a special day for the disabled in Tura.
Shillong, July 18: The Model Code of Conduct will come into force from today after the announcement of the elections by the Election Commission of India (ECI).
Any appointment authority who grants such appointment shall not take responsibility for appointment in violation of the rules. The Government shall have the right to take any punishment. such officers, that is, to deduct the loss from their salary and if they are officers who have been sitting quietly, they shall also be counted.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Pyndap Saiborn President of KHNAM said that at this meeting, the political parties have decided to support the demand of the civil society groups that the government should At this meeting, the political parties who attended the meeting decided to set up a Joint Forum of the political parties within the next two or three days. This will leave all the districts to explain to the public the need to implement the ILP in the state.
They also discussed how the students should not get involved in drugs when they leave their villages to study abroad.
This shows the great impact and power of the Yatra to unite people across the country to achieve the goal of Viksit Bharat.
Earlier, you had a conversation about this but because you don't have a Police Station, you can't open a bank.
Avelyne Francisca Khriam of St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 449 marks and Deinamesha Hynniewta of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 446 marks. the third.
The introduction of the State Government to implement the improvement of the road initially, the residents still mean that the road will be widened and also to reduce the traffic jam during the day.
Jambor said that in fact the decision taken at the Boundary Committee meeting is clear and now it is up to the Hima because each Hima has Muktiars who are the leaders of the Hima.
On the other hand, the CEM said that he has directed the Magistrate to complete the investigation within two months, and the report should be submitted to the Executive Committee. The EC will take action against those involved in the report.
Meanwhile, other suspects who were present at the scene managed to escape.
Efforts by government agencies as well as by drug treatment for drug addicts.
He also urged the residents to think and ensure that no foreigners will enter the boundary of the village for the time being and if anyone comes, they should be sent away. leave them before they come into the city.
The Government of India has declared a public holiday across the state to pay tribute to this freedom fighter of Ri Khasi from the British. in Ri.
Union Minister in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development, Shivraj Singh Chouhan has thanked Prime Minister Duh for entrusting him to take over an important department like the Ministry of Agriculture. and said that agriculture is the biggest part of achieving the vision of a developed India.
With the spirit of sympathy and helping fellow citizens, the Seng without delay has visited to send messages of condolence, words of encouragement so that they will not lose hope and to be patient and at the same time the Seng She also wished Heprit Christophe Warpde and his father a healthy recovery.
This is the second time that Dr Mukul Sangma has contested as MP from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency from the same party.
He said that the government's intention to implement the Tenancy Bill is only to distract the people from the demand of the Sengbhalang for the ILP. There are many shortcomings because this Bill affects only the residents and what will happen to the houses of the people who live by building skum and plastic houses? It will protect these houses especially on the border with Bangladesh especially in the areas where there are coal mines.
The IBSD Node Meghalaya conducts such trainings to instill in them the way of thinking and learning how to manage the market which the farmers have to be able to do by themselves. The state should understand how to use what is not available in nature.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) on Tuesday alleged that the Aadhaar registration office in Tyrso Pdeng village has charged T.200 tyngka each from those who went to register for Aadhaar. those who have no physical limitations.
The Seng is surprised that although the Upper Shillong Road has not been repaired for six months, many parts of the road have been destroyed. It has also affected the traffic especially in the area from Laimer Shiteng to before reaching Gorkha Secondary School, which has caused more and more traffic jams especially for Thuk Thuk or Ar vehicles. wheel.
The Vice Chancellor, in his speech, agreed to look into this and promised to help these students and also requested the KSU to send separate names and more detailed information so that he can Deans of the Board of School Studies, NEHU whether to accept them as new students or to allow them to continue from the current semester.
The central topic of discussion at the meeting will be on the two letters received from the Central Government after the party submitted its petitions and the protest held at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, said a statement sent by Bah Venus Rangsliang, Spokesperson of HANM.
The meeting was chaired by the State Government's Retd IAS, Bah Peter SDkhar, Advisor to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) Northeast, AK Mishra (Retd IPS). HNLC Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and PSOs including Rymphang Marweiñ, Storgy Lyngdoh and Aiborlem. Marbang with Bah Raymond Lapang.
After the prayer, the ryngkuh cow was slaughtered and then the two male goats were slaughtered to feed the thousands of children of the Raid and also of the Hima. Mylliem is the whole.
Shillong, Oct 07: The Cabinet meeting today regarding the report submitted by the High Level Committee. it is the theme of the Sweeper Colony.
PACSs that do not operate as Pradhan Mantri Agriculture Centers (PMKSKs) will be brought under the jurisdiction of PMKSKs. ) / Phosphate Enriched Organic Manure (PROM).
According to the Rangbah Shnong, there are some places where people when walking at night fall into the ditch.
On the other hand, the ADE demands that the CEM should remove the pattas issued to non-citizens and punish all those involved in such illegal activities. , said Dalseng Bira Ch Momin in a statement sent to the media.
The College will be run in collaboration between the Government and KPC Medical College Hospital, Jadavpur, Kolkata.
Regarding this statement, the CSWO has responded by alleging that the Prime Minister is still giving flowers to those who have been accused of corruption, such as filling out applications for teachers. schools, allegations of corruption in ICDS, the purchase of land for IAS officers at the rate of T.1 tyngka per square feet, the distribution of land to the deceased and the purchase of land by the courts. alone.
“For more than four years, the personal interview has not been conducted,” said the KSU in the petition.
In his speech, Bah Syiem said that there was a case in 2013 in which the Supreme Court of India ruled that the land belonging to the private sector is also allowed. belong to the private sector.
: The two-day clash between the Pnars of Lapangap village and the Karbi of West Karbi Anglong district has subsided after the authorities of West Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills district. Karbi Anglong on Friday met face to face at Lapangap village to end the conflict between the two ethnic groups living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The Seng sends its condolences to the family and friends of the deceased, may God bless them and all their supporters, may God bless you and your family. Shillong, said Commander Shangpliang, President of Hill Farmers Union, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has been directed to investigate the alleged influx of foreigners into the CRRI BITCHEM factory at Baridua in Ri Bhoi District. to investigate this allegation.
At this meeting, all the speakers stressed on one topic which is the preservation of the environment.
For students and government employees, they should pay only once after they have completed their studies or until the end of their term of office if they are employees of the central government.
A choir from Manipur will perform songs related to Rukmini at Khullong Ishei and Nat Genŕe.
Dr Rica Lamar Director Manbha Foundation, who gave a detailed explanation to the school children on the dangers of people who use various beverages such as Drugs, Kyiad, Duma and others, as a nurse. She said that many people who have become addicted to alcohol have started using tobacco from an early age and others have gradually become addicted to alcohol. They start to get addicted to alcohol and later they become addicted to these drugs and it completely destroys the life of that person.
COMSO urges all MLAs and political parties to join the Assembly on 19.12.2019 to pass the resolution. to work together to advocate for the rights of the indigenous peoples of the State.
Throughout this month, the arrival of various people has been witnessed in this place.
On the night of 18/3/2024 at 12.30 pm, Skerling Pyrtuh, 39, Kyntiewnam Pyrtuh, 30, from Mawthlong and Traibor Lyngdoh, 30, were arrested. years from the village of Nongbsap.
Sweden is one of the most understandable countries in terms of investors to see how risk reduction, where scientifically based regulations have been introduced, and this is an opportunity to protection of life.
It will be a blessing through their courageous spirit even in this difficult and suffering they are facing.
Referring to the recruitment process within the KHADC, he said that there is a need to have a “Thungkam Policy” which is not as it is now.
On receiving this information, people were immediately sent to the scene to provide assistance.
At this meeting I spoke to the Director yesterday and he said to take action, but I don't know because last year he said to take action but until now no one has been appointed because of this. it is the weakness of working.
According to a statement sent by the Joint Chief Electoral Officer, the DGP Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi has informed about the maintaining of peace and order in the state and in the border areas.
From the bodies of some drug dealers and users, HYC members recovered from their pockets weapons such as knives, knives and nar rot.
He also awarded the Director General Civil Defense Certificate, MHA, New Delhi 2022 to the 12 winners.
The Director of Home Affairs, Holestar Sohlang, 56, of Lynngiong, has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District. The death toll has risen to 104 in the state.
Up to 1060 certificates were awarded to students who have excelled in Computer training.
The Superintendent of Police has been directed to summon the owners and managers of the houses. He has also directed that all the houses should install CCTV cameras. If there is any suspicion, they should inform the police and if the operators of the bases violate the rules, they should be closed down.
Shillong, July 20: Two UDP MLAs Titus Khyne and Dr Jemino Mawthoh are in Delhi today and have already received permission to meet President Pranap Mukhejee tomorrow morning. to submit a petition on the allegation of involvement of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the ANVC(B).
In the sub junior boys (45 kg), Eastern West Khasi Hills won the gold medal after defeating West Khasi Hills.
To achieve the SDG goals. Components under the Vatsalyakin Mission include two groups responsible for rules and regulations; service opportunities, service offerings; providing social assistance; providing assistance in emergencies; training and development of skills.
There are also those who are suffering from various diseases and have to be sent to specially trained doctors. In terms of medicines, this hospital has medicines to provide for those who are suffering from various diseases. .
This statement was issued by the Publicity Secretary, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw on behalf of the General Secretary, Bah C. Thangkhiew.
Shillong, June 28: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the office will pay the arrears of the employees gradually according to the availability of funds. implement a new salary for employees.
Teachers have come to protest for their rights but the government has come to threaten to declare them, the president of MSSASA said that the Minister of Meghalaya Government Lahkem Rymbui should look into Article 19 (I) C and Article 21 of India.
At this meeting, it was agreed to set up a committee to discuss in detail on this issue.
According to the RTI received on 7/ 01/ 2022, only a few schools have been mentioned. Mawlaiteng Govt UP School has 14 students, 7 teachers, 7 teachers, Mawsynram Govt UP School has 40 students and 7 teachers, Mawphlang Govt UP School has 34 students and 8 teachers.
In an interview with the CEM, Wanseng said that the CEM has told the group of the village today that he will discuss the matter with the Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. and after that the Dorbar Shnong shall be convened to discuss.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Ricky Sohlang, President of HANC.
The MLA's failure to fulfill his promises to the people is evident as the saying goes, “khleiñ lathang rwat lapan” and when the villages or families when they leave He said that the MLA has not listened to any of the problems they have faced. He is ready to promise to provide assistance. sad face and to act as quickly as possible on those needs.
Shillong, March 18: U Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today convened a meeting of the State Planning Board (SPB) to discuss the problems faced by the poor in the areas. urban or rural.
It is to be recalled that the KHADC authorities after approving and enacting the Rules, send them back to the District Council Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya, and after thorough review and evaluation, from all sides of the Government of Meghalaya. , sent for the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya, and in this legislative process, the Governor of the State approved the Administration of Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006 which applies throughout the Hima Nongstoin.
These bulbs can be obtained from DC Office Nongstoin.
GUWAHATI, Nailar 30: The University of Science and Technology (USTM) has conducted a special training for 100 students who have just taken admission at the university in the fields of management. , economics, disaster management, geography, environment sciences, education, psychology, library science, mathematics and rural development.
On the other hand, the group also invited all the candidates from different parties to participate in the forum on how to explain to the people about the rights and truth as people who understand. bad understanding.
Shillong, July 22: U Bah HS Shylla, who left to support the EC of Bah PN Syiem today, said that the people know that the UDP, HSPDP and Congress are brothers. he used the Hindi word 'Bhai Bhai'
According to the programme, the Governor will visit nine pandals in Shillong tomorrow.
On the occasion of World No Tobacco Day, experts in the field and members of the.
Manish Desai graduated from 1989 batch Information Service.
In his life, he had never seen such paintings as now.
Now that the PACS and CSCs have joined forces, this will not only improve service delivery to the poor, but income generation in the rural areas will also get a new boost.
The taxi fare is T.26 tyngka per kilometer and the maximum fare per kilometer is T.13 tyngka.
At present, the government is finding it difficult to say how much because this is outside the government.
The central government should understand this, he said, looking at what is happening in Assam, Nagaland and Manipur, the people of this region do not want other ethnic groups to come to this region. , the central government should understand this aspect of the feelings of the people of this area.
Tura, Naitung 21: The kidnapping of traders from Assam has angered the people especially those from Dhubri District of Assam and many of the people have demanded that the President Rule should be introduced in the country. Meghalaya due to the kidnapping of people from time to time.
The law shall punish all those who have hands, the law shall not discriminate, it shall not be equal to the small or the great.
Shillong, July 26: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Movement (HBDM) together with MDC Abor Shadap today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. request to bring back Block-I in Meghalaya.
They said that after the lockdown, the Dorbar Shnong has issued an order ban ban the sale of shops and this is not the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he prays for the recovery of those injured in the incident. “It's not clear,” said the Prime Minister in a tweet today.
In the middle of the journey, when they reached Lumkseh village, the vehicle in which they were riding was stopped by the crowd and blocked by the bus. They also asked for the name of Cristable but Agness replied that she is no longer a member of the CSWO and is no longer with them.
The affected areas are Salmanpara, Anangpara, Purakhasia, Hulukona and Chapahati which fall under the Zikzak C&RD block and parts of Ampati, Monabari and Chiringpara which fall under the Zikzak C&RD block. to  Betasing Block.
He said the police department has set up a team to investigate the incident from all sides and conduct a thorough investigation.
The inauguration ceremony was held in Ri-Bhoi District.
“The present generation should come forward to scientifically verify the astronomical formulas contained in the sacred scriptures of India and should renew their reading.
Meanwhile, the salary of teachers who have not yet completed the requirements laid down by the government has been increased from T.9,200 to T.13,335 in LP Schools, while in LP Schools, UP School has been increased from T.9,900 to T.14,3
Shillong, July 28: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC Shella Constituency was buried today at his village in Mawlong. Teiñwell Dkhar, a teacher at Mawkyrwat Presbyterian School, contested the MDC election from Shella Constituency in 2004 and won four times. his last ones.
Today, which is the last day of the session of Parliament, due to the opposition of the opposition, the House had to be dissolved today. The BJP government has failed to introduce the CAB bill.
At the meeting it was also decided that the composers of the lyrics and the producers of this song should not write and produce another song that includes the Jaintia language.
Dr Aman said that so far there are 26 active cases of COVID-19, 42 recoveries, 11 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills. males and one female, Ri Bhoi District 10 males, 6 males and 4 females, South West Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 and West Garo Hills 2 males.
At the same time, Dr Aman said that the Director of NEIGHRIHMS does not have the authority to criticize the government and the attempt of the Director of NEIGHRIHMS is to show that he knows but it is clear that he does not know. no knowledge at all and this is evident from his response.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly warns against those who take advantage and if found guilty, it will punish them according to the law.
If you have any questions, please call the following numbers: +91 84140 47191 (Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Education Secretary CEC) +91 70050 00599 (Richest Malngiang, Asst.Education Secretary CEC) +9 .Education Secretary CEC).
When asked how long it will take to complete the inquiry, the Chief Secretary replied that he has not yet taken over the inquiry.
“He added that if there is a corruption scandal in Meghalaya, if it gets sufficient evidence, the BJP will come forward to condemn it.
The vehicles allowed to pass are FCI vehicles, petrol vehicles, medicine vehicles, air vehicles. These vehicles are also allowed to pass only on the roads they are supposed to go.
All those who joined the AITC came with their supporters who elected and followed Dr. Mukul Sangma as their leader. There were also about 60 supporters of the NPP and more than 80 BJP leaders who joined the AITC. join the party.
KHNAM invites all the paradoh parasnam of the land of Hynniewtrep including young men and women, parents, government employees, teachers, contractors and others to attend the ceremony. One nation for one purpose, to the Dorbar Bah Ki Khun U Hynniewtrep organized by CoHSO on 31st July 2019 at Madam Student from 11 am to 2 pm.
According to the government's order, the electoral results will be issued on 12/01/2019, the deadline for receipt of registration and complaints will be on 22/01/2 The application and registration will be held on 26/01/2019 and the full electoral roll will be released on 30/01/2
Therefore, the JSU strongly demands that the MDA government should immediately arrest and punish these robbers and bloodthirsty people who want to destroy us the indigenous people.
Bah Warlarpih also expressed his concern about the lack of public opinion on how to fight against the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh which has affected the price of cattle in the market. they are accused of wanting to increase prices in the market.
This car was driven by Donald.
Police of Madanriting Police Station have registered a complaint against the suspects involved in the robbery. They said that they could not provide any information regarding the petrol explosion in Demthring.
The objective ahead is also to reduce the prevalence and spread of alcoholic beverages such as Kyaid, Drugs and others which have become widely available in this beloved Khasi country where many of our youth are addicted. in such kinds of alcoholic beverages which have led especially to our young people in many ways.
Speaking to reporters, the President of MeFilMA, Bah Commander Shangpliang, said that after the meeting with the tyngshops of MeFilMA, the organization congratulated the government for approving the Film Festival. formulate film policy as well as on allocation of funds for the development of film industry.
Furthermore, the KSU leaders have informed many times through phone calls to the employees of the company and the KSU has already sent a letter of complaint but unfortunately the KSU has not informed the employees of the company. The employees of these companies are not allowed to do so.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Naga Students' Union Shillong (NSUS) has expressed its gratitude to the KSU for showing the massacre of Naga students in 1979 in a film produced by the NSUS. .
He said that the police station in Jhalupara should be vacant and it would be better for the government to have its own police station. He said that discussions are ongoing with the government.
What the government wants is that this hospital should be running smoothly and these political struggles within the hospital should end immediately and in fact it should have ended long ago. , said Bah Hek.
The Rapido App is now available on mobile phones and through this news the public will know that if they are traveling by Rapido they will have to take responsibility for anything that happens. “Now we have legally recognized aggregators who have GPS devices which we can track where they are going,” said the Commissioner Transports.
The KSU was led by Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmit, Education Secretary in the presence of other members of the KSU in the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The remaining 35% of the Eri cocoons are exported without price which has reduced the income of the farmers.
Regarding the accommodation of the students, which is still under repair, it has put the students in trouble and many have to stay in hotels and this has affected the education of the students.
He said that the hospital has many shortcomings and the people have already sent a complaint to him as MLA and Mayralborn has confirmed it in front of the officers of the department. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to provide for the needs of this hospital.
The Assam police or any Assam government departments should be immediately withdrawn from the Khasi villages on the border.
He was arrested by the police for doing what was necessary.
Shillong, March 19: The MPYC has held a convention or meeting of the Congress Youth from Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The court has given five days to the police to investigate into their custody. Today, during the investigation, the police found that he had a stolen gun which he had hidden in the forest.
During the meeting, the PWD officials briefed the Prime Minister on the progress of the work as well as the problems.
Fourthly, the delay in receiving the NOC from the PHE department regarding the top water pump station which the company that built it has been able to complete at Pung Umiew. Out of these three issues which have delayed the work of the GSWS, two of them have been resolved, the land owners have allowed the GSWS to pass. paid um ha Lad Mawreng, the PHE has issued the NOC for the pumping of water which is now allowed by the army.
In the letter, the GNLA said that it is ready to come to the peace talks but as of now, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has not given anything. a sign whether the government will accept this proposal.
However, for animals such as animals except birds, the transportation fee shall be charged according to their weight.
The Central Government has directed all the State Governments to take special care of these elderly people in many aspects, for their welfare in their old age.
The public should be aware of this.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the mothers to come forward and take what the government has to give to the people.
Shillong, July 01: The Chief Engineer of Meghalaya Water Supply Department, Talukdar, today said that a joint inspection has been conducted between the PHE and the Army on the sites for the installation of GSWSS water pipes through the areas. of the Cantonment.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD) in Shillong, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, in a statement sent today, said, “If this government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma is ready to The Ksiang should be appointed regardless of whether it is the General Secretary of the party who has retired from his post, or any other person who is qualified so that we can see the light of the sun. ".
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District.
If you don't get big pumps, you won't be able to do anything else.
Ri Bhoi District, which has four MLAs from Umroi, Umsning, Nongpoh and Jirang constituencies, has started stirring up these days with the departure of Congress leaders from Umsning Constituency to join the UDP. UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy and UDP Candidate Bah Don Sumer were also present.
Shillong, July 21: Members of the JSU today led the jhur vendors to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to discuss the payment of jhur seized by the police.
These two letters request the MoEF&CC to implement para 7 clause (v) stage 3 of the EIA,
The BSF from the 4Battalion has acted against him because they know that he is a government employee and a doctor. those BSF to regain the trust of the border villages.
This showed how 5G will open up opportunities in the education sector by bringing teachers and learners closer by erasing the distance between them.
This was the reply of Symbut Chief Minister when asked when the government will start reopening the MCCL when other private oil factories have reopened.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya said that according to information, he has become a full MP. do before.
We know that the Minister of Justice cannot make a decision.
Police said that the youth died on the spot and was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
“Nurses are vital members of a multidisciplinary team working with cutting-edge technology," Dr.Singh stressed.
He said that during the raid in Majai, there were many shops of foreigners, not only 44, who did not have proper documents and closed their shops.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura today handed over the custody of Bernard N Marak to the police for three days investigation in connection with a complaint filed by him. Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce (MCC).
At the meeting, the president of the KSU said that the government has already taken a decision to demand that the Khasi language should be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The KSU said that the present government should take action so that the demands of the people should be fulfilled.
These organizations were the Lympung Ki SengKynthei, CSWO, KWADA, Impulse NGO Network, NEN, HANM (Women's Wing), MUWWO (Meghalaya United Women's Welfare). Hasina Kharbhih, former leader of Impulse NGO Network, and RTI activist Angela Rangad have joined together to fight against rape. to the women.
Last year, the people were still receiving ration but now there is no distribution of ration to the people.
This year's Independence Day celebrations will also mark the conclusion of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, which was inaugurated by the Prime Minister at Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad, Gujarat on 12th October, the country to 'AmritKaal' with new energy.
The 91 new 100 W FM transmitters have been installed in 84 districts in 18 states and 2 Union Territories.
In Babu Dhar, those who were taught found him as a true teacher.
By overcoming all these challenges, India has set a new record in exports of $418 billion or Rs 31 lakh crore.
The Yatra with the aim of ensuring that welfare schemes reach the rural areas and that people get the benefits immediately has brought enthusiasm and hope across the country.
He said that the RTI reply shows that in the last three years, the hospital has collected T.2.42 crore from the use of CT Scan, T.26 lakh from MRI, X-Ray T. 4 lakh, Blood Test T.2.55 crore and UG Scan T.57 lakh.
He congratulated the BDO and Gram Sevaks who have worked hard to ensure that the Government schemes go smoothly to the people.
We have had success in many fields.
Police have seized a Maruti number AS0 1P 7169 from the vehicle and recovered 4896 capsules of spasmoproxyvon, 370 grams of spasmoproxyvon. They also seized nitrozapam and golden tins containing heroin. They also seized 10 grams of heroin.
Dr M Surong, Bethany Hospital, Dr GT Passah, NRHM and Dr C Wann, Diengiei PHC supervised the children. pule j BSc Optometry student.
On the other hand, the Federation Khasi State, John F Kharshiing, has sent its condolences to the daughter of Bah HS Shylla, Susana Syiemiong. the whole of Ri Khasi.
At the same time, the government should also allow the suppliers of food items through vehicles into the villages, townships and villages as well, according to a statement sent by Congress leader Bah Piwell Shylla. .
The motorcycle ride was held in 7 parts.
Shillong, March 27: Police of East Khasi Hills District together with the VDP and Pomblang Village have held a discussion on how to prevent the rape of women and children and the measures to prevent them.
The MHC now has three judges including Justice Sudip Ranjan Sen.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) today expressed its concern over the quality of cement in the country. They met regarding the Dawki Land Custom.
For those who want to escape from the daily routine, a visit to the evening market in Nan Polok this month will bring you joy and happiness.
Shillong, July 22: The Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mawsynram East Region, Bah Drishon Mawlein today said that the government has not done anything for the Mawphlang Balat road. the protest was the first day.
On this occasion, the House unanimously suggested that the Department of Sports should distinguish between the medals in the State Sports Awards in the Zonal, National and International competitions. Olympic and Non-Olympic, as they said that there is no basis to equalize Zonal Olympic medals, National International medals and medals in non-Olympic sports.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang today led a delegation to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to submit a petition demanding that the government should include Mawsynram. Civil Sub Division.
If these schools are in this area, people will not go outside the state, not only will it affect the income of the parents but it will also affect the stability, if all the schools are in the state. The high schools in this area will increase the income and at the same time there will be peace.
The rules of committees in the States shall be made by the State Government.
The Minister said that if found guilty of doing so, they will be punished under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 and Section 3 of the Black Marketing and Maintenance and Supply of Essential Commodities Act
I am also looking forward to meeting the leaders in Qatar.
During the meeting, the JAC had a meeting with the NHIDCL authorities and the Chairman of the JAC, Bah Edmun Khongngai, said that during the meeting with the NHIDCL officials, NHIDCL has explained many of the problems they have faced in connection with the construction of this road.
Shillong, November 06: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui urging the government to set up a Border Out Post at Umtlieh. , Umlaper or Ummat, which fall under the Raid Nongtung.
The recipients of the Governor Police Medals for Heroism for the year 2023 were announced. The recipients are Additional Superintendent of Police Shabbir Sayeed Dkhar, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police. DSB, Vincent Nengminza Sangma, MPS, UBSI, Iailamlang Iongi Jyrwa, UBSI, Sean Stanford Lywait, WPSI, Renu D Momin, Havildar, Mewan Roy Pakma, Havildar Amplias Synnah, BN/975 Alphonse Fireman and Mr. Pearson R. Marak.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Meghalaya has won 12 medals in the shooting competition held at Dimapur, England.
Thousands of beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra from across the country have participated in this programme.
On the other hand, the Nongstoin Police Station has been vigilant to ensure that these crimes should not take place in the district. drug dealers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Seng Kyntoilang Self Help Group, one of the groups working for the welfare of the community in Nongtalang, has held a public meeting to educate on the need to protect and preserve the on the 31st of March, 2018 at the public house in Nongtalang.
It may be recalled that the KSU Iooksi Unit has struggled to get the football ground from NEEPCO and the demand of the Seng has been successful.
The new block was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at Rambrai in the presence of MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang, MDC Bajop Pyngropel, government officials and other officials. The residents of this area today.
At the same time, the government has tried to allocate up to 125 million dollars for the development of education and this is for the construction of school buildings including the teaching methods according to this. the current era of digital learning.
After the elections, the Food and Civil Supplies Department has already called a tender for the supply of Shini Ration. that ration shop.
Indian languages ​​include Hindi, Sanskrit, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Gujarati, Malayalam, Odia, Konkani, Nepali, Kashmiri, Dogri, Manipuri, Maithili, Bengali, Assamese, Bodo, Santhali, Urdu and Sindhi.
Several contributors to the magazine including prominent artists of the state such as Bah Rafael Warjri, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar and Dr. Silbi Passah were also honoured.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Mawsynram MDC Alvin K Sawkmie and other political party leaders. Chief Minister and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War.
The Tour Operators of Mizoram have announced a special price for those who wish to attend the festival and the price is T .4000 rupees.
Let’s decide that whatever item we produce ourselves will matter.
Hearing this call, an officer and three other BSF personnel rushed to the river and rescued the four children from the drowning.
They requested the state government to take the necessary measures so that the land can remain forever in our state.
Shillong, March 17: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 101 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 56 in West Khasi Hills and 11 in West Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South Garo Hills and 1 in South West Khasi Hills.
He said that the Seng has sought clarification from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which has been pending in the cupboard of the Government of India for three years.
According to information received from the West Garo Hills District Police, the court has allowed the police to arrest Bernard N Marak again. days to the police for investigation.
In connection with the Dorbar Bah of the South West Khasi Hills Branch, there was a request from the leaders to invite those Kurs in the area to come forward and join the Union for the purpose of promote customs and traditions in society.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District said that it is true that mobile date internet has been banned for 48 hours from today in seven districts in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Since last night, more police have been deployed in the area and the search for those involved in the incident is ongoing.
Secretary I Bah H.Wahlang and several members of the party visited Mairang CHC after receiving complaints from many people regarding many shortcomings.
We understand why the Prime Minister wants to show that the work is long and difficult because it is not so,” said KHNAM. and if the Prime Minister wins we will not demand any more but if our opinion stands, the Government should immediately implement this good intention.
On the other hand, the party strongly condemns this government.
Without naming, they urged the MLA and MDC of Laitumkhrah to do something about this road to avoid the floods.
Also present on the occasion were MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh and Congress Spokesperson Kennedy Khyriem.
Police said that they have been following their movements for some time now and they suspect that these people may be drug traffickers.
Those who are eligible to apply should be those who have done great deeds in courage, sports, social service, science and technology, environment, architecture and innovation. give recognition to the whole country.
On the other hand, the Minister replied that the recommendation of the MSPCB to the government is up to the government whether it will accept or not, it does not mean that the government has to accept it.
On the other hand, MORT has not yet clarified.
The meeting was attended by Khasi Students' Union, Meghalaya Indigenous Peoples Forum, North East Students' Union and North East Students' Union. ADE, AYWO and KKTMS discussed the issues related to the development of the country. The Central Government intends to introduce the amendment to the Sixth Schedule in the next session of Parliament.
There are 1339 cases in the state, 114 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills and 2 cases in Ri Bhoi. There are 142 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 in South Garo Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Every month when the electricity bill comes, we pay and provide but why when there are such incidents they count sting and take sting they don't have any evil and don't think about the souls of others,” they said. .
Police have arrested Kamal Khaklary, 35, NDFB member, Abhijeet Basumatary, 23, Nonga, Jamejoy Basumatary, 23, and Nonga. The 34-year-old NDFB member was arrested from Goalpara District, Assam.
He cited the freedom fighters as an example where he said these men and women inspire everyone because it doesn't matter if they come from very difficult families, but they had a a major role in the security of land, title and inheritance.
The Administrative Building to be constructed of NEIAH, with an area of ​​3160 SqM, will have one building (G+3) with two floors at the bottom, including one hall.
The Mawlai Town Dorbar in collaboration with the Manbha Foundation will provide treatment and counseling to the youth who have been enslaved to drugs and who have shown a strong willingness to turn away from drugs. you are drunk.
He graduated from Sacred Heart Seminary, Poonamalee from 1073-1
“Through this letter, we as JETS 24×7 bring this letter to your Honorable Desk against the issuance of Trading License to any foreigner or foreign company who intends to obtain a Trading License. License to operate commercial vehicles using the Internet (Taxi Aggregator).
To maintain peace and come to peace is difficult, but we must try because only peace can be promoted in all aspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The High Power Committee (HPC) under the chairmanship of the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today met to discuss the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, he said that this is a scheme of the state government, there should be no restrictions or price limits. If you have Cards, why don't you buy them?
