The Chief Minister said the House has decided to write to the Central Government to release the mining of coal in the state under Para 12 (a) (b) of the Sixth Schedule. The Central Government has set up a Committee headed by the Cabinet Secretary and the Committee has met several times to discuss the issue and at the same time the preparations for the amendment to the Sixth Schedule. The spirit is moving forward now.
He spoke strongly in Parliament how India should liberalize the Indian currency.
the center currently has 190 students.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to resolve the issue inside these training centers as soon as possible.
SHILLONG, July 31:People now don't have the confidence to deposit money in banks because when they go to withdraw money from ATMs, they get counterfeit money because it is not the money they have deposited. SBI ATM located at Mawlai Bridge.
John Peter Kharjahrin has been elected as the President and Vice President of the KSU Pyndensakwang Unit. He has been elected as the President and Vice President of the KSU Pyndensakwang Unit. Sanboklang Riamsiej, Environment Secretary, Thrangkupar K. Jahrin, Finance Secretary Samla Nguht Plosborlin and 1 others. members of this Unit.
Shillong, March 24: There are 49 positive cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 25 from East Khasi Hills and 16 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of confirmed cases has risen to
These villages have been affected by the rise of the Khasiamara River and people have left their homes to escape injury.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will visit other places affected by the natural disaster and the assistance that the government will provide will be according to the rules.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Nongpoh MLA, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the government is looking into this matter. These ASHA workers have a connection with the National Rural Health Mission.
: The meeting of the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy, Meghalaya issued through Notification NO.PER(AR) 49/2023/PT/3 on 12th November, Chairman Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg, held the first meeting on Thursday.
These factories are M/S Yash Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/S Karmela Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/S Carbon Energy Solutions, Swangre, Shallang. Shallang, M/s Crystal Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang,M/S Crystal Enterprise, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Electro Carbon Solutions Kyllon Mathei, Shallang.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, NSB Chairman Naresh Chandra said that during the meeting it was understood that many wanted to improve relations with Bangladesh especially in trade. .
Regarding the incident, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, in an interview with this reporter, said that while the farmers of Lapangap village were visiting their fields, suddenly a There were Karbi who had hidden in the lawbnap and shot the Khasi-Pnar farmers with bird's nest and spears.
Furthermore, the States are using their resources to start PSA plants in Government hospitals.
Speaking to reporters, Sourojit Shome said that the incident occurred at 2 pm on Tuesday morning when the meter box fell into the ground. Hotel is not yours.
The event was organized by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), New Delhi in collaboration with the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) and the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), of East Khasi Hills.
The Minister in charge of Electricity said that the money paid by the factories after receiving the assistance which has fixed the price to pay what is known as the “One Time Settlement” which T.14.36 crore has already been paid and T.31.18 crore has been paid this month.
On the other hand, SOS Umian, has held a memorial service for this young man who was raised at this place. The brothers who were at this place were shocked to see that their brother has passed away. halftime.
We also brought a certificate sent from Andhra Pradesh proving that the fish were not injected with formalin,” he said.
The crowd who attended the game climbed to the roof of the school.
On the same day, members of the union also visited the road at Thynroit village which has been destroyed by the collapse of the muri.
The FKS hopes to meet with the UDP to discuss this issue face to face.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Districts like Tirap, Changlang and Longding in the western parts of Arunachal Pradesh bordering Myanmar are still lacking in many aspects such as water supply, light and others. they are needed every day.
Dr Mawthoh is a candidate of the UDP party, which is part of the NPP-led MDA government. The NPP has not nominated a candidate in support of the UDP party. of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Shillong, March 01: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of Shillong South Constituency on Tuesday awarded the Novel Service Award 2016 to the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and the Shillong Cantonment Board for their service. to cleanse the dwelling places.
Khliehriat, July 23 :The Rymbai Bataw Borkhat Jhalalpur (RBBJ) road which is the bloodline of this border area in terms of development to provide convenience to the residents of different villages in various parts of the country. their needs especially in the medical field.
On this day it is those who have acquired the mind and the thought of what is good –not only intellectual knowledge, but understanding which is a precious gift of God.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the CEM of KHADC said that the aim of the KHADC is to bring the court to the people and now the people don't have to come to Shillong for their work. The case was heard in Nongstoin.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary, Co-operation Department, Meghalaya, Bah B.Dhar, said that in the past years, the number of people who have learned to read in the state has increased. Meghalaya has only 29.5% while the state has now reached 77%.
He said that the goal of the MSOA is to be able to hold 40 sports events in preparation for the National Games to be held in the state.
On this occasion, Bah Teibor Shanpru launched a newsletter written by the KSU. On this occasion, former leaders of the KSU have come together to take part in the celebration. day marking the 35th anniversary of the organization.
Boney also urged those with disabilities not to lose hope in the field of education as there are special teachers who have been trained for them. He also thanked Bah Starwin Kharjana (President of KDA), Bah SA Allya, the staff of Block Resource Center 12 Shnong Laitkroh Block, and Bah M Kharbangar State Co-ordinator who donated money. .
Jowai, June 5: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the robbery of Kong Fullness Lyngdoh on Tuesday at Lad-Sutnga, Dkhiah East, East. Jaintia Hills District and the Seng strongly condemns the robbers who entered with evil spirits to rob the life of this mother.
The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPB) has held a public hearing meeting on behalf of the Meghalaya Cement Ltd (Topcem) amidst the violence between the residents and the police. The Cement Clinkerization Plant from 0.858 million MPTA to 4500 TDP with 10MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS was expanded at Thangskai on Friday.
Can the people trust such a government? Does the Lumshong area trust this block now? “Isn't this policy of the government a game to the people? Doesn't this affect the money of the people? How many lakhs will be spent on each Maw Nongrim opening programme? Will the current government follow the policies of Mohammad bin Tuglak?  asked Bah MH Dkhar.
The KSU has also found that if the 10 marks is implemented, many students from the state will not be able to enter classes at Nehu University.
Regarding this incident, it is suspected that the children were four years old and two years old. The blame goes to their father because he was the one who led these two children away. children, this suspicion is that the father has disappeared without returning home.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that four other members of Dr Sailo's family have tested positive. work at home.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Minister Langstieh, one of the Ministers of Mylliem Hima, said that the presence of the Hima Police and the enforcement of KHADC as it is now has been able to see because the people have understood. to but the rules laid down by the government.
The statue of Patel is 182 meters tall and is the tallest statue in the world.
These two organizations have invited all the public and private individuals who are concerned about these issues which have affected the community to attend the public meeting. on the 3rd July 2017 at Bethany Society, Laitumkhrah, Shillong at 2 pm.
The purpose of this program is to disseminate information to the public about CPR which is the best way to do when the blood pressure stops suddenly, when they drown, get electrocuted, get poison is not seriously injured.
He said that this is a great challenge, but almost all the employees of various departments, especially the Fire and Emergency Services, Army, Air Force, Assam Rifles, BSF, Police, Ki District administration and the residents worked together to extinguish the fire.
Silsila Talang from Sonapyrdi Village offered to sell kwai and food items on that day due to the landslide.
He suggested that there should be a committee to look into this.
The sad thing is that in a few months the rainy season will come and when the rain comes, the people will suffer greatly in traveling on the NH44,” said Bah WT. Rymbai President of FKJGP Circle.
According to sources, the victim was identified as Bah Morningstar Bamon, the driver of a truck carrying stone to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Adaptive Community Based Water Harvesting Project funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB). Rs.500 crore.
Shillong, November 02: The Cabinet led by the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma today met to discuss the COVID-19 pandemic especially during the Christmas season.
Dr Bilian C Lamare suggested that it would be good to investigate as Myrtle is the first Myrtle in the fight against measles.
Regarding the announcement by the Minister of Agriculture to extend the payment period, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said, “I would be grateful to the government if the government forgives the debts of the farmers to extend the deadline. in those three months because at the end of the day the farmers have to pay the money themselves”.
Dr Mukul said the government's complaint may have been intended to protect anyone, or to delay the investigation to allow the people in power to destroy the evidence, but remember that if the evidence is destroyed, they will also face the penalty of the law.
The women's semi-finals will be played tomorrow morning between Manipur and Mizoram at 11 am and Arunachal and Sikkim at 4.30 pm.
He is proud of his words but he doesn't do anything,” said Bah Mawleiñ.
The success of this app is due to the provision of adequate and accurate information from the health staff through the ANMs to the doctors and health officials in the districts and also to the relevant authorities. in the state whose job is to follow up on those who are poor mothers from time to time because it is clear and indicated on the Mother App.
Regarding the report received today, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government will consider them and they will meet before 26/01/2022 this month.
Shillong, November 8: After receiving a complaint from the elders that the construction of the PMGSY road in Umphyrnai village to connect to Jyntah village, has not been complete, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA/MDC Nongkrem, Chairman of the State Planning Board of the State Government on Tuesday afternoon visited the road to inspect the construction of this road.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mynksan Unit on Saturday renewed the new office bearers of the KSU Mynksan Unit.
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today handed over a house to Kong Phlaris Nongkhlaw in Lummawkong village, Laitkroh village.
This count is until 5.00 pm.
Among the seeds brought by the organization were tyrso, pathaw, sohngang, sohmynken, sohkhia and many kinds of jhur and soh.
Why we should take action is because the world's leading university, Johnhopkins University & Medicine, has announced on its website that the number of cases of Covid-19 in the world has reached 2,44,517 (more than 80,000 of these are in China, Italy about 40,000, a sharp increase from 10,000 in the USA, 13,000) and 10,030 deaths. The number of recoveries has risen to 86,025 and the remaining are undergoing treatment.
All Circles and Units under the KSU NKHDU are requested to send 10 nominations to take part in the election of the new office bearers of the KSU NKHDU for the term of office on or before the 11th. July 2018 before 1 pm.
Shillong, June 29: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the body of a man aged between 25 and 30 years old from Forest Colony, Shillong, has been recovered. The victim was taken to the Civil Hospital.
In a letter to the Ministers and MLAs, they demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the SP of East Jaintia Hills District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa and the SP Traffic Shillong. Shailendra Bamaniya in the Sur ki People of Mawlai alleged that these two police chiefs were involved in the murder of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Two runners , Renaldi Dhar of West Jaintia Hills and Angelina Jackson , have not only won the titles but have also won the titles the fastest in the 100 meter race.
The HYC said that Nagaland has its own doctoral college, so the allocation for Meghalaya should be increased in the first academic year 2024-2
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the 440 km India-Bangladesh border in Meghalaya should be followed by the Central Government and the Central Government should adopt a new policy known as “Act South” to improve the border. get a book in this area.
It is not yet the election campaign and the Model Code of Conduct has not yet been implemented nationwide as the date of the elections has not been announced.
The body of the man has been taken to Khliehriat Civil Hospital and anyone who knows him is urged to come and collect the body.
They are Annie Kharbani from Mawlai, Mawiong Rim, Freddy L. Sun from Nongrah, Micky Paul Lyngdoh from Mairang, Priyanka from Mawshbuit, Happy Valley, Sariti from Mawkyrwat and Esther Mary Lyngdoh from Mawprem.
This was done not because these areas were Karbi areas, but only for administrative convenience at that time.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has already prepared to replace the ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in April next month.
Self-employed people who have to pay taxes when they asked why their documents have not been received, the answer they received from the employees of the company. The office of the Revenue Department is in the bay and there is no light.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) have seized a pla from a shop on the side of the road in Hynniewmer. The drugs were found to contain 298.16 grams of heroin.
The Minister said that 20 cases have been confirmed in the state and 23 cases have recovered.
Today, 1 and 1 recoveries are from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries since the beginning of the pandemic to 92165 so far. .
Primarily, because the expenditure on COVID vaccines is a one-off expenditure that is exempt from Federally funded schemes within the Ministry of Health.
The meeting was held at Mawsynram today.
In view of these tragic incidents, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to immediately provide justice to the families of those who died and injured and to ensure that they can get back their lives. “We strongly condemn all the crimes and violence that have happened recently in the state especially that many individuals have been involved in such crimes,” said the MPHRC. incidents that have not been thought of whether it is the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has tested positive for all those who have been in contact with those who have been infected for the first time. .
He said that this support to the NPP is on the grounds that the BJP Government intends to introduce the Amendment Bill of the Khyrnit Bahynriew in Parliament.
Other departments who took part in the meeting included Mrs HK Marak, Commissioner & Secretary, SPB, Bah P Lyngwa, Chief Engineer, Water Resources Department, Bah MM Sun, Secretary, PWD (R&B). , Addl Chief Engineers and others including officers of the State Planning Board.
According to the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Rule 133 of the Fourth Rule, if the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly the House finds that the issue of dispute presented is sufficient.
Salman M Sangma and Poling M Sangma joined the party in 2011, and police have been searching for these leaders of the party because they suspect that Samlan is the Area Commander of the party. GNLA while Sndresh joined the GNLA in
This is the Amrit of fulfillment of many dreams,” he said.
They spoke about the need to be vigilant in the border regions with other countries, as well as on the struggle to overcome economic problems and ways to further develop common interests and health.
The VPP demands that the roster be implemented going forward, not that the appointment be reversed.
At the same time, he urged the party leaders that this is only the beginning and the important thing now is that as party leaders they have to see where there are shortcomings so that they can be strengthened. moreover, the work of the party.
How long will the Assam-Meghalaya Government resolve the border issue,” he said.
In a complaint signed by the party's Election Agent, Danny Langstieh, who is also the Finance Secretary of the VPP, he said that a Facebook account/page named “Ardent Miller” has been created.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah J Thangkhiew, Commissioner Secretary, Revenue Department, Government of Meghalaya, said that the training is to prepare the traders to know how to pay tax from their workplaces. theirs without going to the Sale Tax office.
The IBSD regularly holds such meetings to raise awareness among the students to learn more about the environment and especially the plants that grow in the state.
Replying to a question by Gabriel Wahlang on the allocation of mineral resources, the Deputy CEM said that the allocation of mineral resources for the Minor is in the ratio of 60:40 while for the Major. at 75:2
The bridge at Dekachang which was awarded to the same contractor has remained unfinished.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Dr Bandi K Sangma, Head of Dagal Apal PHC, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 18th of this month, he received a phone call from a mobile number demanded T.20 lakh tyngka with a threat of violence if the money is not paid.
Morlian Lawai from Langning, Mawpyrshong who received the Best ASHA of Mawkynrew Block 2017-18 Award was also honoured.
The union also requests the police department to take action and expedite this process to fulfill the aspirations of many, who have been waiting hard to get this job since
The union wants these teachers to receive the same salary.
The main issue that the government has put forward is the safety and security of the employees of the MCCL. the share to the private sector and the government will keep whatever share.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: BSF today arrested four Bangladeshis and seized a Sumo number ML04-A-7 Police have seized 300 kilos of cow meat from the vehicle.
The list includes 4 Padma Vibhushans, 17 Padma Bhushans and 107 Padma Shri. 34 of the recipients are women and the list includes 10 foreigners. , NRI, PIO, OCI and 13 awards are for those who have passed away.
Processions and rallies will not be allowed without permission.
In this regard, it has been witnessed that many doctors who are not in hospitals across the state have come forward to inform and explain to the public by conducting programs to raise awareness among the public. teach them how to get help when they face problems related to illnesses.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the Secretary of the Official Language Committee should inform the members of the Official Language Committee. meeting.
At the time of the formation of the MDA government, all the parties had agreed that the post of Speaker would go to the UDP party, but it was discovered that this tragic incident occurred when the Speaker was appointed inside the House. The dorbar has now become empty due to the death of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the North Garo Hills Police Chief said that after receiving the complaint, the police have arrested the suspects and taken them to court today. She was remanded in Judicial Custody for 14 days.
He said that if the minister cannot give an explanation, the party will do something else.
TTJ Cricket Club won the match by six wickets.
The two KSU members were identified as Shanborlang Shati and Messadapbor Skhembil from Wahutim and Saitsohpen Sohra. Two persons were killed in Ichamati on 27/3/2
His goal as a candidate is to strengthen the laws and regulations in JHADC in order to protect the people according to the Sixth Schedule, according to the Constitution of India.
No information has been received yet that any Gram Sabha Committees have been formed.
Shillong, June 20: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari today announced that the number of voters in the constituencies has been sent from the CEO's office. The turnout of the people of Meghalaya in both the 1-Shillong (ST) and 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituencies was 76.60%.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held a protest against the BJP's misrule and the proposal to implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill. In Shillong, the rally was held at Congress Bhavan in Khyndailad.
Shillong, July 24: The number of drug traffickers in Meghalaya to smuggle heroin has increased significantly. Three drug traffickers from outside Meghalaya have been arrested from the highway at Laitkor.
The President said that the North East is rich in natural resources.
These villages under the Raid Nongtung are part of West Karbi Anglong District. The people in this raid live in peace and harmony among themselves and there is no difference between them. The village.
Behdienkhlam is usually held at the end of July or early November, after the planting of rice, to please the god of agriculture that the rice is good.
Police said that there was no casualty in the fire, whether it was the sale of people or property in the fire.
Two of the suspects are now at large.
He said that through this, the House will be filled with women members in the future.
The two Chief Ministers, Prafulla Kumnar Mahanta of Assam and Evansius Kek Mawlong, visited the Khanduli Football Ground in
Minister for Children in the Ministry of Health.
On this occasion, it was seen that the people were delighted to enter the Raj Bahvan because this place is very beautiful, there are flowers, schools, playgrounds and games. for children.
I want all people in our society to take a good look at their lives and see how much they have served their families by controlling the increase in family size.
In these days, there has never been a signboard but it has appeared suddenly today after the farmers and the HFU met with the Dy.CEM to remind them of the decisions taken earlier which have not been implemented at all.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh spoke about the nationwide program of Viksit Bharat from Viksit Rajya.
The AICU meeting was held today at Vellankani in Tamil Nadu, a holy site damaged by the tsunami in 2004 which attracted many people from all religions. Please visit this holy temple known as “Our Lady of Good Health”.
Next year's G-20 Summit will be one of the biggest and most important summits to be held in India.
KVIC urges the youth to come forward to apply for this scheme of the central government to start their own business as there is a 35% financial assistance to the villagers from the cost of the business. or in urban areas it is only 25%.
We need to ensure that no child is left behind.
This also helps in the production of fruits and vegetables, which is in great demand in all the states of India.
“The NEC is currently considering the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the improvement of the market.
The HITO urges the Speaker of the House to take action on this issue as only the House can pass any law passed by the House. The letter was signed by the President. Donbok Dkhar and General Secretary Wanhun N Dkhar.
Manoj Dixit, former VC, Dr. RML Avadh University, Ayodhya said that the aim of Tourism is to bring awareness and participation of people from one state to another.
He said that if there is a difference of opinion within the government and the handshake will lead astray instead of implementing policies for the work of the government.
This decision of the Government will put a lot of danger as a State and they are surprised that the Government has not thought carefully about the danger that can be brought through this decision of its and to put the citizens in danger. .
In this match, both the teams played hard to score but the match was very interesting in which both the teams played hard but because they couldn't score they got 10 points. from the game.
FKJGP wants a clarification from the DC East Khasi Hills to provide a full explanation so that the public can be informed. Not everyone is in the containment zone.
When Robert Sing Syiem became King in 1900, he burnt Ram Singh Syiem in 1908 after 33 years of burial.
And it is a day to renew our resolve to fill the remaining gaps in nation building projects – gaps that our talented youth will fill without hesitation.
The Supreme Court has repealed Section 8(4) of the Representation of People Act which protects MLAs who have been convicted in court.
The decision was taken today in the hearing where the perpetrator was convicted under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code. it is with the rape of minors.
In a shocking incident, a 35-year-old man named Amison Muruh was shot dead on 23rd June at about 7:00 pm in He is located in Umtasor Mawdkhar village, Ri Bhoi District.
“Bah Sounder has become the President and I have become the General Secretary of the FKJGP.
On the other hand, Kong Agnes said that her visit to Wah Swad on that day was out of sympathy for the four families who have suffered human rights violations. “As the residents of the village, we obey the leadership of the Sordar of Raid Tynring and we don't want any huri hura because the residents of the village did not take part in this event. meeting because we don't want to fight.
He confirmed that this is not a state where elections will be held.
Regarding this, the government will increase the price according to the price of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. It is estimated that the government will receive T.8 crore from the payment of the land at Balsrittim. The remaining annual revenue will be T.2.67 crore and the Waringgrp will receive T.4.5 crore from the land rent and the annual revenue will be T.1 crore per annum.
There are 26 recoveries today, 18 cases from East Khasi Hills and 3 cases from West Khasi Hills.
The MP from Tura also sent a letter to the Minister in charge of the North East , Dr Jitender Singh , urging him to expedite the you can help.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District PS Dkhar said that the order was lifted today.
Ways to further strengthen India's readiness were also discussed.
Shillong, November 01: The ninth State Level Painting Competition will be held on Saturday, November 3, 2013 at All Saint's Hall, IGP. , Shillong.
In Airtel's demo, students from Dankaur, Uttar Pradesh witnessed a fascinating explanation of the nature of heavenly bodies with the help of virtual reality and augmented reality.
The problems are many.
New Delhi, July 25: A total of 901 policemen have received Police Medals on the occasion of Republic Day,
Since you became Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi district, what have you done for the peace and stability of the people on the border? Has he protected the residents on the Assam border? Or should the peace and stability in him be to attack the Khasi people and allow foreigners to burn and throw stones at will in our state? As you can see, the DC doesn't know that.
The meeting also discussed the ease of purchasing weapons, the implementation of peace and the demands of the state itself, the emergence of insurgent groups and their fundraising. from the public.
Regarding the incident at Mukroh on 24th November, 2022, the two Chief Ministers have decided to request the Central Government to send an inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and register the case. Case not in Guwahati or Shillong but outside these two places so that the investigation will be impartial.
The police and Magistrates went on their own to order the vendors to leave.
In his speech, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, R Marak said that the youth of today should be encouraged to write books.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that Bah Marwein was arrested by the BGB and Bangladesh police and handed over to him. The BSF chief in Baghmara said that he does not want to comment on the incident.
This 100% increase in price has prompted the Meghalaya government to set up a committee to look into the cost of construction of the house before paying the money as agreed by the company.
The Forum expresses its concern that these Policemen should stay permanently in this area as they do in other border areas.
Latest reports from the JHADC said that the amount of money that should have been received from the government which is the share of the resources is still tens of crores, but the problem is that the state government has not given the exact figure. detailed.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen him to inform via Mobile Phone:
Other speakers included Bah Kynsai Thongi Joint Secretary of MCWOS, Bah AS Katrai Chairman of MCWOS. The meeting was conducted by Bah Section Syiemlieh General Secretary of MCWOS.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister said that through the Ginger Mission, the government will promote the planting of Syieng Makhir which has many medicinal properties. the third largest producer of syieng in India.
In collaboration in this regard, Usha International has provided training to learn and understand the techniques related to training, objectives, partnerships and program implementation.
After receiving the complaint, the police have launched a search operation to arrest the suspect.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, today announced that according to the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, all those who own licensed firearms The government should not take public land.
The NPP's defeat in the last MLA election was due to the use of money by other parties and corruption, he said. (SP News) The election of the candidates for the three District Councils in JHADC and KHADC is ongoing and this will be done in consultation with the MPF especially the UDP. (SP News).
The suspension of the export of these goods to Bangladesh is due to the lack of clarity on the working methods of the Forest Department of the Meghalaya Government.
In the comments from the participants in the second part of the discussion, they said that as it appears, there are three ways of thinking regarding the spelling. To resolve this, we need a law from the government and the government should appoint a State Sabha Academy.
The DC of EJHD informed the leaders of these four organizations that the NHAI has sanctioned Rs 5 crore to the PWD (Roads) department of the state government for the immediate start of the work. The PWD has allocated more than Rs 24 crore for the repair of the road.
On the other hand, the Dobar expressed its concern over the status of the Sixth Schedule as it is a Schedule which includes 40 Autonomous District Councils in the North East. The truth is that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Autonomous District Councils should have their own Schedules or Chapters or Parts so that there will be no misunderstanding.
Synod Higher Secondary School, the winner of the competition, has been selected to perform on the 19th March 2023 in Tura on the closing day of the 50th Anniversary of MBOSE. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has collected T.7,000 and 8,000 tyngka from the farmers including Block II. to Synsar and Sying.
Dr Lapang, who has contested from Nongpoh constituency many times, has not contested the current election despite the party leaders forcing him to contest again.
The judges of the competition were Wanisha Lyngdoh, Batista C Lyngdoh, Fredrick R. Kharkangor and Evarihun Warjri.
Other speakers on the occasion were the alumni of the school, songs by the alumni and many games by the students to enrich this memorable day. the school is celebrating its 25
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Ranikor Circle has alleged that the discoloration of the Ranikor River is due to the uranium exploration of the Atomic Minerals Department which has awarded the contract to Maheswari Private Company. Limited in the area of ​​Phodkud, South West Khasi Hills District.
The district occupies an area of ​​2748 Sq Km.
On Saturday, the Ribhoi District Police led by the K9 Dog Squad of the CID conducted a raid on the Farm House.
Regarding the development of the country, Ms Pelcy is like a blind person, who does not understand the development of the constituency and the work that the MLA has done in the past years, such as It is to be recalled that during these four terms, MM Danggo has been the leader of Ranikor, he has brought in the PWD (R) Division, Ranikor Police Station, Nonghyllam Police Station, Police Outposts and Administrative Units.
On 13th July 2022, Madanryting Police Station received a complaint that the body of Bah Snor Kharkongor, 40, of Rasong village was found. The body of the deceased was found dead at Pyngkya village in East Khasi Hills District.
Meanwhile, the HYC also carried flags to demand 14 demands of the HYC especially the Inner Line Permit which the HYC has demanded from the government to implement.
The NPP party from the North East which is part of the NDA has won from Tura and today as a party attended the meeting of the NDA where the party president NPP was also present at the meeting.
Police have registered a case against the drug trafficker and the investigation is ongoing to find out more about the drug traffickers.
The Court also issued an order that if they wish to file the Rejoinder Affidavit within two months after the filing of the Counter Affidavit.
Mairang, Naitung 17: Speaking at the 186th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Tirot Sing Syiem, Mairang, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said, “Let us I have followed in the footsteps of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem to take responsibility for the work we are doing.
Eleaser Tedy Langatang was elected as the president, vice president, Lennin Challam, general secretary and many other office bearers of the KSU. The KSU is the second largest party in Delhi.
The GHADC authorities have requested the MSPB to take action to discuss with the Government on the need to think how to send police to work within the ADCs to assist the Enforcement Departments as they are facing problems in many areas. The Enforcement Department of GHADC does not have the powers of the Police.
It is the richest in music, dance and dance.
The stadium was initially only 9 square meters but has now been expanded to 18 square meters according to International Standards.
We have seen many times before the issuance of trade licenses to foreigners in the market, Khasi women come out to claim that they belong to them,” said Bah HS Shylla.
At the same time, Dr War recalled what the Symbut Myntri Rangbah had said that as it is now, it is not easy for the people to protest, except when they have jobs.
“We can talk about the problems you have, maybe the problems you see are just problems that need to be clarified or need to be discussed.
Shillong, July 25: The Chief Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla has called a meeting of the MDCs to discuss the amendments to the Sixth Schedule. on this part.
The HYC has made it clear during the meeting with the UCIL chief that they are pleased to end their uranium mining project from Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 22: The FKJGP Sengkmie has condemned the attack on members of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KSA) by suspected illegal cattle smugglers to Bangladesh last night. u Blei in Lad Shari, Ri Bhoi District.
These children also had the opportunity to entertain themselves by driving bumper cars.
Also present at the meeting was Bah John F Kharshiing, Vice-President, MPCC, who said that the Congress party is like a football team, with many talented players and all rounders. A skilled player who plays chess has to move backwards as a defender or as a mid-fielder or as a right wing or left-wing player.
However, it is to be recalled that in recent days, Mawryngkneng MLA Havingstone Kharpran has given his support to the Police Department in setting up this check post on the highway from Mawryngkeng. under the jurisdiction of the village.
The NPP will meet the Chief Electoral Officer of Manipur at 3.30 pm today and will lodge a complaint with the Election Commission of India. the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government.
Regarding the current Local MLA, nothing can be said as he has been elected for more than a year.
Since the Elimination Round-1, the views on YouTube have been awarded and the marks have been awarded by the coaches/judges.
The High Level Committee on Influx chaired by Bah Bindo M Lanong has recommended the implementation of the ILP across the state to prevent the threat of illegal entry of foreigners.
The exact decision of the EC will be discussed in the coming days.
Regarding the Garo language, the MHA said that it will be included in the list of 38 languages, in fact it should be included now. The MDA-I, which took this decision in the House, has accepted this decision to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 5th Khyrngit.
It is to be noted that the deceased person belongs to SF10 who just completed his basic training from 2nd MLP Bn on the 30/3/2021 and came home for a short break.
Besides this scheme, there are other ration schemes which are AAY, PHH and NON-NFS. This ration is distributed regularly and not only during the lockdown.
The WSC, Kannur was established in 1972 and operates from rented premises.
The AJYWO will also visit the JHADC to discuss the issue of Residential Certificates by the Waheh Shnongs in Jaintia Hills, so that the certificate will not be issued. the country is in danger after many.
It is on that basis that we stand to protect the forests, the waters and the rivers, don't try to own the rivers, don't try to block the rivers, (because) it is the source of the people.
Shillong, July 05: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the public that only commercial vehicles can be hired to transport goods and pay for them in cash under the Motor Vehicles Act, Sub Sections (8) and (12) of the Second Schedule of this Act and in accordance with the Meghalaya Passengers and Goods Taxation Act adopted from the Assam Act.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 500 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 148 in West Garo Hills and 108 in West Garo Hills. there were 4044 of them.
Chairman of the Board of Governors, IIM Shillong, Shishir Bajoria while welcoming the participants said that the North East is beautiful and rich in terms of biodiversity. they didn't give it to Mariang.
The group of civil society groups have met with the Minister of Home Affairs and expressed their desire for the implementation of the ILP in the state. He promised to be called to Delhi for talks.
Ksoh Pakyntien of Demthring, Lambor Blah of Demthring, Hom Chyrmang of Mupyut, Phel Kyndait of Thangbuli, Chiality Kyndait, Sailin Pyrtuh of Sohmynting, Phel Kyndait of Thangbuli and Tbn Tiarsing Nongrum of Phlong Broingkhaw. Thangbuli said that they have not received the money as shown in the RTI report.
“Therefore, I need to inform the Administration about the public”.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister and the Police Chiefs discussed the state of peace and order in Garo Hills and at the same time discussed the safety of women and children in Garo Hills. Hills.
Mira June Myrsing, General Secretary of the party, said that the party cannot listen to the issue and has sent a letter to the minister. Bah AL Hek has appealed to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to seek assistance from the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The residents of Nongjri area and school children of Nongjri area today took part in a march to protest against the kidnapping and extortion by the police. unpredictable people.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has laid down all the rules and regulations to be followed when there is such a disease in any village.
On the other hand, the CoMSO wishes the Chief Minister a good health so that he can go to Delhi to lead all the MLAs to demand the ILP from the Central Government to ensure that the ILP will be implemented. ILP should not be implemented in Meghalaya.
On the television news that there is no development, Gogoi said that there are no issues but the people want the Congress, when it comes to blood donation for the sick. He said that an investigation has been conducted into the HIV/AIDS crisis and he is awaiting the report.
Shillong, July 19: The Congress Legislative Party (NC) today demanded that the government should curb the increase in the price of beverages in Meghalaya.
Regarding the return of KHADC bills from the DCA, PN Syiem asked under which rule of the Sixth Schedule the bills were returned. that since 2011, not a single Bill has received the approval of the Governor.
Therefore, the JSU has demanded that all the students should be admitted to classes, as this is not the first time but it is a negligence and ignorance of the Government to the demands of the students of this college. claim you for sha you for.
I strongly believe that children will focus on science.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya is looking for trained Home Guard Volunteers to serve in the Lok Sabha elections.
The cleaning of Mawsalieng has been completed and all that remains is to clean the road, but as the rain has stopped, those who come and go from this road want to see that it should be cleaned while the sky is still shining.
The Minister also cut the cake as a sign of the celebration of the founding day of the Association of Market Vendors in
The CEM of KHADC said that this area is still under the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. Anglong District Assam has discussed and decided to respect the status quo.
The meeting was attended by Dr Sumeeth Jerath, Additional Secretary and Financial Advisor, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Union Government, who was sent by the RBI to visit the state. to check the availability of money in banks and post offices.
In his speech, Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare, explained the various schemes that the government has to do for him. PHC CHCs are not responsible for those with disabilities.
The Minister informed the leaders of the Association that he will call the officers of the Education Department to discuss the payment of pension to the Deficit School Teachers.
The DYP 2019 is conducted by the NSS department of the university and only those between the ages of 18 to 25 years are allowed to participate in the DYP. your feelings are theirs.
Meanwhile, according to the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS), it has conducted a survey in five districts and about 3100 drug users have been infected with HIV/AIDS. The Ministry of Education, Government of India has announced on Tuesday, 29th June 2024, that Meghalaya and Nagaland does not need to take the Common University Entrance Test (CUET)
We appeal to the MPs to understand the value of the jaidbynriew, the value of the future generation by bringing it into Parliament.
New Delhi, Naieng 24: The Government of India has decided to mark the 100th anniversary of the Jallianwalla Bagh Massacre in
On this occasion, Saleng was welcomed with traditional songs and dances by the Garo and Khasi communities.
According to him, Meghalaya has the lowest number of police forces in the country.
This incident has prompted the residents of the village to strongly oppose the EPIC and on the same day the residents have decided to revoke the EPIC of Papu Das.
Ashutosh Kumar Paul, driver of truck CG-04FL-2414, lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 29, 2023 at about 3.20 pm, seven unidentified robbers attacked him. About 200 liters of diesel was seized from his truck, which was parked at Bhoirymbong village, Ribhoi District.
“As we have discussed, there will be 3-4 ticket applicants and I think it will be announced within a few days or a few weeks," he added.
These three men had this plan to build this place six years ago.
They have discussed this and will write a letter of support against the UCC. If other groups have any comments, they can send them within the next few days. that there should be a meeting of the three District Councils to discuss the same issue so that there will be one voice when sent to the Central Government.
The doctor shall examine post-mortems, medical check-ups brought by the police, in-patients, out-patients, emergency cases inside or outside the hospital. health center and other related activities in the health centre"
The fact is that this country has banned the entry of tourists, and you will not see pictures of this country on Instagram, however, there are cases where information about this country.
In this meeting with the DC on 28th May '14 in the presence of Genl.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Forest Department has issued an order to the shopkeepers in 9 mer Umdiengpun to demolish their shops before 31st July 2023 as the department needs to rebuild the shops. the park to become one of the tourist attractions in the area.
It is unfortunate that James K Sangma wants the political parties to come and talk without any rules while the government is ready to set rules and talks later. The reason why they stand is not clear, it is exactly like they say to the fishermen, break the fish in the pond first, then fill the water if necessary, it means that you have the right only under those rules. but you, as an individual, as a group, or as a nation, cannot be free from yourselves.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that on 17th August 1948, the Governor General of India received, approved and signed the Dulir Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. on August 17,
He said that the truth about the incident on 29/01.2020 about the discovery of a child from Madanriting was informed to the police on 30/01/2020 by the family members and a letter was sent to them. Police have suspected that the child was abducted and raped by the wrong group.
Through her hard work, she has brought about innovation in the fields of art and culture, especially in the traditional customs of the Khasi.
Ryan Surong Myrthong of St Edmund's School in fourth grade, Ishuah Kharsohtun of St Anthony's School in fourth grade, Sneha Paul of St Edmund's School in third grade, Dicky Nongpluh of Shillong College Higher Secondary School in third grade Imazul Haque Laskar of Laban Bengalee Boys' School in the fifth position and Jagot Singh of Alpha English Higher Secondary School Nongpoh in the sixth position.
It is also necessary for deity and science.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem. Police said that the name of the woman is still unknown. If you have any information, please contact the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The aid included a tin of household items, Goodrej, borti, water tank, cooking utensils, two sleeping bags and was handed over to these two brothers in the presence of parents, village, church and others. Leader of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA).
Shopkeepers can do this by getting a QR Code for them and customers can pay to shopkeepers without any account. Paytm officials have urged the public to attend the training which will start tomorrow.
The collaboration with the Assam government is that these elephants move from one place to another and to find out the count both sides have to work together so that the elephants that have been slaughtered in Assam will not be destroyed. Those who have been registered in Meghalaya should no longer be registered in Assam.
The meeting was also held to collect the land documents of the residents of the area to prove that the land is still under the jurisdiction of the villagers. Meghalaya and the collection of land titles is also in preparation for fighting against the MoU in the Supreme Court.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The District Council of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the District Council will convene the Syiems, Sirdars, Wahadadars and Rangbah Shnongs at Madan Student in Jaiaw Central on the 3rd of April. come at 11 o'clock in the morning.
, Yenvera, Distt-Nagpur, Maharashtra (India).
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Phris Sutnga urged and acknowledged that we should remember the day of the heroes of our country. He also urged the children of the area to be diligent in their studies so that the nation can rise.
The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Shillong, Abhilasha M. Basaiawmoit, today said that the International Customs Day, which was launched by the World Customs Organization (WCO), is celebrated every year on the 26th of July. they are not members of it.
On the other hand, the RO of 2-Tura Parliamentary seat, P Basshi, said that he has received information that the people have turned out to cast their votes. for the first time they came out.
Shillong, Lber 02: U Dr Mukul Sangma today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary to form a new government in the state. .
Under the leadership of the Minister of Defence and Cooperation, Amit Shah, the department will hold several of these conferences with stakeholders and this will be the first of these conferences.
The Malaysian Army also demonstrated how to survive in the jungle.
There have been 4 recoveries from East Garo Hills District 1, East Khasi Hills District 2 and West Garo Hills District 1, bringing the total number of recoveries to 83272 so far. now.
Shillong, July 23: The Maitshaphrang Movement today will hold a rally on the theme of “Unity”.
There are 12 recoveries, 8 from East Khasi Hills and 3 from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to after.
Warsan Lyngdoh and the surrounding areas are very strong in the production of agricultural products, but we are living in poverty because we don't have a road.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Meghalaya Tourism Department has prepared the Meghalaya Registration of Tourist Trade Bill, in addition to the guest houses that guide the tourists and also operate the vehicles for the tourists.
It may be recalled that the salaries of Deficit Teachers for the month of June 2014 have been released to all districts except East Khasi Hills District.
On this day, the residents were attracted by the traditional foods such as mei ramew, Khasi foods such as jadoh snam, jadoh nei iong, and the market such as the sale of khoh ki wait. , moh khiew lem and traditional clothes among others.
Section 144 CrPC has been imposed on all the roads in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 12: Ka Laitkyrhong RCLP School, as part of the cooperation between the school authorities and the parents of the students, has celebrated the Parents' Day. The meeting was attended by parents and children.
According to the information received, it is understood that the blast occurred from the room where the man died.
All markets and shops in Shillong have been closed except for the village shops, office visitors have been short and all banks have been closed on this day. The HNLC has affected the movement of the people.
Shaibor Nongrum said that even the company which is constructing the road has stopped working because it is looking into how to do it and has warned Tensing who is constructing the road not to continue the work. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the President of HANM Ri War Mihngi.
The construction of the Games Village has not yet started to accommodate the participants who will take part in the National Games.
Shillong, March 03: The Mawlai Cleaner Association and the Police Training School have conducted a training on how to convert the garbage into compost. Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, Principal of PTS, Bah Vivek Syiem, Bah Lakador Syiem. The training on how to produce fertilizer from the daily waste was conducted by Bah Markwest Kharkongor.
The Government is very concerned about this.
She also stressed that the journey to a developed India is not an individual step but the step of all people.
Shillong, March 09: Three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, one case from East Khasi Hills and two cases from West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Lber 27: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) candidate Zenith M Sangma today filed his nomination papers with the Returning Officer in Tura for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June. /2024.
These startups will receive T.3 lakh as commercialization grant, and the 20 best performers will receive an additional T.7 lakh at the end of the programme.
Thus, it reached the point where the Jaintia alphabet was completely written.
It is not for us to blame after we have faced the problems,” said Bah Daniel.
In addition, there are also new marmons launched by the organizations recently, in which they propose against the types of goods known as mar-ioh-ei.
Shillong, Lber 06: The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government today set up a committee after a meeting held by the State Government with the Chief Executive Members and Executive Members of the three District Councils.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that it is not that the government does not want to talk but there is a confusion because there is a Judicial Inquiry, so it has already been allowed to complete the investigation.
In this meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, promised the Union Home Minister that the state government will take measures to protect the environment and safety measures if the This is the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
This year, only one girl from Jaiaw Pyllun has won the Top 10 rank in the Matrix (SSLC) but this time it is very pleasant that only from Jaiaw Pyllun has also won the KSU Jaiaw. The Circle has been able to distribute awards to 58 people which is a great blessing to the nation.
Albert Mawlong has lodged a complaint with the Police that on the 1st of this month, robbers stole a scooter (ML-05Z-8012) from Shillong.
Shillong, July 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today called a meeting with the officials of the North Eastern Railway Frontier to discuss the construction of the railway line in Meghalaya. After the meeting, the Chief Minister, while talking to reporters, said that the meeting is aimed at uniting Meghalaya through The railway line is an initiative of many years and it was decided in 2010-2011 that the railway line will help to promote tourism in the state and also benefit farmers.
If the government does not listen to their demand, they will go on hunger strike at the residence of the Union Minister of Food and Civil Supplies from the 19th to the 21st of next month.
The availability of this venue will help the youth to showcase their talents in traditional dance and costumes and this will be an opportunity to showcase to the world their talents. the source that the people of this state have.
Shillong, July 23: The State Government has declared Monday as a public holiday under the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 due to the Id-Ul-Fitre.
The DC was accompanied by the District Medical and Health Officer, Shillong, Dr. MR Basaiawmoit, District MCH Officer, Dr. JB Ranee, Advisor on Health and Family Welfare. Dr. M. Shadap and District Program Manager, NHM, Shillong, Bah W. Pamdhai.
JSU-WJC President Eddy Kery Pohtam said in a statement that MeECL should take action against this and provide more bill lights.
Therefore, within the state all institutions are not the same.
On 15.01.2018, he gave a decision to appoint Bah.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Replying to the discussion on the budget for the year 2020-2021, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said in the House that the government has increased the MLA scheme from Rs 2 crore to Rs 2.5 crore per annum.
The Chief Minister has urged the citizens of the state to refrain from sending false news or any other false news as sending false news can lead to violence. feel sorry for the people.
The delegates experienced the culture, heritage and food of India during their stay in Rishikesh.
This practice of spreading garbage from the CHC is like injecting viruses into the patients instead of coming to recover which can be life threatening if not treated.
The loss was caused by the call for curfew in the state.
He said that the UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh himself has told the media that Bah Bindo is still a member. “What made him feel that the party no longer needed him was after I was not invited to the General Council meeting,” he said.
In a statement sent by Samla Edmund Khongngai, Member of the CEC and President of the HYC Riwar Circle, he said that the HYC is against the government for not calling for talks or opinions from the HYC. The heads of the Village Authorities are the Rangbah Shnongs, the Raid Sordars, the Matabors and the Elaka Sirdars.
During these three days, many trainings were held for the public on health, how to take care of children and the youth and the public was informed about the activities of the schemes. Meera Kharkongor Project Director of ICDS, said Meera Kharkongor, Project Director of ICDS. In these days, many government officials have gone to explain to the public regarding the public launch of ICDS schemes. The Central Government has provided funds to the people of Meghalaya with the funding of the Central Government.
Shillong, Rummang 20: Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang today visited Umwali village in Langpih where the Assam Police are planning to build a Police Out Post. This place is located in the West Khasi Hills District.
The second part is that when we got our own state, there were some things that were angry and sad. Indeed, there were legislators and governments who introduced the Land Transfer Act, the Reservation Policy. There are no laws to protect the state from being invaded by other ethnic groups. There is no law to protect the state like the ILP.
On the 11th June, 2024, the Dorbar Shnong has lodged a complaint with the Mairang Police Station requesting the Police to search for Bah Estar who is still missing.
Shillong, Nailur 5: U MLA of Mairang and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that his office will distribute awards to the students from Mairang constituency who have passed the pass well this year
North Korea has never stopped surprising the world.
Superintendent of Police(Crime)-9436103108, Officer In Charge Rynjah PS.Ph.
At this meeting, the DTFC usually searches once a month on the information provided by the Illegality Bureau. At this meeting, the COMSO said that since the 12th of this month, the began to stir up the poiwir.
During the meeting, the four parties also discussed the information received that the government will dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District who has recently assumed office for only one year. the spirit is not yet faithful.
What the land owners have to do is to sign a memorandum of understanding with the MMDC, the MMDC will provide all the necessary facilities and will implement in the name of the owners and the benefit will be 25% will go to MMDC and land owners will get 75%.
He also praised the people of the area who came branches to donate blood so that those who were injured can get help.
They also swore to abolish the MDC Scheme and to fulfill their duties properly.
The Hima Jyrngam, has a long dynasty of chiefs, together with the Lyngdohs, Ministers, Sordars, and others who rule the Hima near Langpi, on the Adsam border, are worried about who will speak for them. their.
On the other hand, Shri Ambrose Ch Marak, promised to take action and in front of the members of the Seng, he immediately phoned the Principal of PGT COLLEGE and ordered to increase the number of students. application forms and the Seng is confident that the College will do its best.
Police have immediately arrested two persons, Boss Syiemlieh and Lanstar Syiemlieh.
The Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) on Saturday urged the MDA government not to act hastily on the recruitment of teachers. decision to introduce NCERT books in schools in Meghalaya.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday announced that it has withdrawn from the peace talks table with the Government of India and the State Government as a sign of protest against the Government's lack of attention to the implementation of the peace talks. the most basic requirement involving forgiveness.
The Meghalaya government has ordered the company to issue a public hearing on this matter.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that it is a great honor for the village which only one year after receiving the syrnod as a village free from open toilets now has received the this reputation as a town free from deadly diseases.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in reply to a question on the inability of the government to give power to the people of Meghalaya, said in a statement. Zenith M Sangma, on the other hand, said that the meeting was not a discussion of the Governor's speech or a matter of no confidence in the government. talk about the budget.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donald V. Thabah said, “The KSU would like to remind the members of the KSU about the incidents that happen from time to time in The authorities have been attacking the Khasi without any reason.
The NPP will work without any discrimination against anyone regardless of their religion or ethnicity.
Police from Jhalupara Out Post and the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) together with relatives arrived at the scene when the body of Bah Kynsailin was recovered.
Rophul Marak Parliamentary Secretary Rophul Marak's peon Anita G Momin informed the police that the CPU, keyboard and mouse were lost from the room.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested four persons suspected of being involved in the IED blast in Iewmawlong on Saturday night.
“In the past years, the State Reservation Policy 1972 has been implemented even in admission to higher education, without proper permission.
Dr AK Nongkynrih said that the most important thing in these days is to take care of our home.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong received four categories, namely Raj Paul in the second category, Pinky Kumari in the third category, Nearlina Bani Nongbri in the fourth category and Ishuah Kharsohtun was in the fourth position.
The NPP has six MLAs in Manipur, five in Nagaland, five in Arunachal Pradesh and 28 in Meghalaya.
St Dominic Savio's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came third with Felisha Kurkalang and Sherwood School, Tura with Sanskrita Karmakar with 599 marks.
The Block Development Officer of Mawkynrew C&D Block has been directed to look into the matter and anyone who violates this will be punished under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and under the provisions of the IPC. The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. teachers in government schools, UP and LP schools.
Perhaps, if the rainfall is longer, the company may have less than six months to work on this road, but if the rainfall comes soon, the company will not be able to do anything later. “This is because the rain will not forgive us and the people will suffer,” said Bah Dkhar.
In this letter, the HYC has suggested that the combine reservation should be introduced from 93% to 100% for the Scheduled Tribes without discrimination. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo peoples.
Speaking to reporters after the visit to the union, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of the union, demanded that the Meghalaya government should explain how Assam has agreed to come. to these mawpuds.
Mr. Barnette Diengdoh of the Secretariat Admn. (N) Department, Shri. Hari Nayak of the Tourist Information Centre, Government of Meghalaya, Shri. , Smti.
He said the Government will take a decision to set up a market for the vendors and a market for them.
The commission will be headed by Bah PS Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC as the Chairman.
New Delhi, July 28: Home Minister Sushma Swaraj has launched a new scheme where applicants can apply for passports from anywhere in India at a meeting of the The Sixth Passport Seva Divas was held recently in the presence of Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting Manoj Sinha and Minister of State for Home Affairs General Dr.VK Singh.
: Bronly Pariong, 56, son of (L) Ka Sohshang of Tiehsawbah, Myrïaw Syiemship, has been missing since the 5th of this month. he didn't come home.
Shri Raju Das, Secretary, Academy of Music and Drama, Smt.
They allegedly did not have proper documents to prove that they are citizens of Meghalaya.
Police have arrested only Darius Marak who brought the body of his son on 16/12/2
The Campaign for Change will now take all possible measures to convey the views of the group to the public, by writing through the media, public meetings and other means to convey the views of the group. what they aim at the public.
After 3 days, those stones came out again and even walking along the road was not allowed.
The total number of cases is 466, BSF 286 and other armed forces
He urged the youth who have come to pass specially in agriculture to start their own businesses in agriculture by taking advantage of the schemes that the government has to offer.
The State Government will soon hold a meeting with various groups after the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government has withdrawn the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Amendment Bill comments.
To expedite these activities, it is necessary to win both the MDCs so that the right and left hands of Bah Prestone Tynsong, MLA of this constituency will be strong to bring about change in this constituency. He said that the Government is preparing to amend the Sixth Schedule and any amendment will benefit all three District Councils as we are in the same state. in prayer to remember the country and the leaders who have led and led this country to this day.
The CEM of KHADC said that he is pleased that all the Dorbar Shnongs are working hard to protect the villages so that they do not become low paid in their own country. The Council has requested the cooperation of the village regarding the issuance of Trading Licence.
Speaking on the occasion, the NPP leaders said that the NPP will come to power after the elections to be held in the state in the coming months.
“We request you to address the issues of the Punjabi Colony in collaboration between the three groups and the Government of Meghalaya,” said HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh in a letter sent to Shah.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin today announced that on the 28th of this month, there will be a festival in the district. holiday within the District.
He said that even the KHADC has passed a law to maintain this system of medicines.
: PWD Minister Sngewbhalang Dhar today campaigned for the three Congress candidates in Khanduli-Mynsngad Constituency. paint the duck that rangli.
SCAMOD's counsel Poonam Yadav said before the commission that they are ready to search for him but Justice (retired) SP Rajkhowa, head of the commission, said that because The Government has set a deadline of 7th November 2012 to submit its reply to the Government.
This decision of the Government will help not only those who own commercial or private vehicles but will also help those who carry goods, and others from the villages to the cities as the price of vehicles will drop after a while. the price of umphniang.
During the distribution of information, video was recorded and recorded.
On this occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar said that the LPG subsidy has nothing to do with Aadhar, as even inside the office they have not received any written notice on this.
Applications have been invited for the renewal of ration distributors in Eastern West Khasi Hills District for a period of five years, from 2023 to
We came a thousand years ago to live in these hills, and as part of our protection, as the owners of the hills, we have established the Shnongs, Raids and Himas on the basis of the Kur. For this reason, there were only a few Kurs who participated in the Khaddar rule as Bakhraw or Ministers.
This meeting between the Minister of State and the Minister of Union Government has encouraged all the school children through the mid day meal scheme of the Union Government, especially at this time when we don't have enough. The price of food items in the market has increased beyond the limit for us who earn only shiphew thousand tyngka per annum and we will get the money back after more than three months of work.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today urged the incumbent MLA and MDCs to ensure that the people should get clean drinking water from the PHE. The delegation led by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani as President of the State Government has met with the Minister of PWD Martin M Danggo to submit a petition to him regarding the roads in South West Khasi Hills District. Most of the roads mentioned in the petition fall within the constituency of the minister.
There are 173 recoveries, 82 cases from East Khasi Hills and 66 cases from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 79,3
The GCC has urged the Minister to discuss the issue of including the Khasi, Pnar and Garo chiefs in the 13th Schedule.
Mr. Jyrwa said.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Director of Urban Affairs, Bah E.Kharmalki to request the Government to recognize Motphran as a monument.
When appointing the inspectors of schools, NESO demanded that the Union Minister should send people who can do the job and not those who have close ties with political parties.
Before the opening ceremony, four teams from the nearby village together with the PFR football team won the exhibition games. Nongkynrih FC won the match by beating PFR Reserved Football Team 1-0
On this occasion, the jerseys donated by the company Puma were also launched and the company has donated to the club in terms of equipment.
For more information please call +91 9366172780 or +91 9383145301 or +9
This may lead to problems even if it is not used for discussion in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The Director informed that those who have submitted the documents for the allocation will be released soon.
The Congress has five MLAs, the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has five MLAs and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has five MLAs. When asked who will be the leader of the opposition, Ronnie said that according to the rules, he should go to the Congress but we will think what to do to bring about the party. advocacy for the benefit of the people.
In this regard, the government has informed the Governor with the documents and now it is up to the Governor to take a decision.
On the other hand, Bah Latiplang admitted that there are 16 members on his side. If you want to force them to come into the House, we will show the number.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Bah Lambor Mawa of Umniuhtmar village in East Khasi Hills District has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Police that his land has been destroyed by the floods. Bangladesh is the country's largest economy.
At the same time, the union will write to the prime minister that they want to talk to the government on this demand.
At the same time, he said that he and Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister, have informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to remove the director of NEIGRIHMS and appoint another one. He said that there may be some reasons why this hospital has been in turmoil since Dr Thapa took over.
On the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition that there is a huge corruption in the implementation of the Suabhagya scheme, the Minister said he was surprised to hear such remarks. “It is easy to accuse and every accusation will have an investigation. It is impossible.
Police are conducting a search operation to arrest the suspect.
Both the suspects are still in the custody of the police for investigation in connection with the murder of a woman in Laban.
At this place, it was seen that those who have taken up the job of collecting tin jot and plastic bottles from this bread shop have set up their own collection site to store the jot collected from this place. the night.
The Minister also urged the students of the country to take part in the big quiz competition on the Chandrayaan mission to be held by MyGovna on 1st November.
For the smooth running of our Parliamentary system, it is essential that all three parts of the country – the Legislature, the Legislative Assembly and the Government work under the guidance of the Constitution without interference. in each other’s jobs and they should also work together with mutual respect.
Shillong, July 26: The 74th Republic Day was celebrated today at Polo, Shillong where the flag of India was hoisted by the Governor of Meghalaya, Brig Dr.BD Mishra (Retd). He also saluted the parade of soldiers, police, NCC and school children.
This year, a total of 24 teams, from soldiers to school children, took part in the Match Pass.
This is not only for weapons but also for border equipment used by the army.
He said that agriculture is dependent on nature.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Police in East Khasi Hills District have seized 400 grams of heroin and 10 grams of heroin within 72 hours. It costs T.18 crore.
The meeting was chaired by the President of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee. The meeting was chaired by the President of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee. Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Charles Marngar, Adviser of Mawhati BCC. Short speeches were delivered by Bah PW Muktieh, Bah Min Makri, Mayral Born Syiem. Shillong, July 17: The Mahila Morch of the BJP has written to the Central Government, on Tuesday. The Minister of Home Affairs of India (MoHA) has said that the Central Government should take action against the prostitution in Meghalaya and send an inquiry by the CBI. The BJP has told reporters that the party is deeply saddened to see that even a public leader who should have protected women and children has been accused and is now in the hands of the law. The house where the incident occurred is run by the family members of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. which is free from any bias.
At the same time, she said that the HSPDP Mawtharaishan will publish a newsletter once every three months to talk about what the party will do to inform the people about the new way of thinking.
Ronnie urged the people not to make a mistake in electing the government now.
On the other hand, the union also warns those villagers of those areas who trade with Bangladeshis to be vigilant from now on.
He said that in fact the District Councils are the custodians of the customs and traditions. They should have places to put writings on the customs and traditions of any ethnic group. This is in addition to the laws relating to the customs and traditions that exist.
The Minister said that as of now there are colleges which are more than 200 km away from NEHU. Those students don't even bother to go to NEHU. The question is why those students have to write this CUET exam.
The college has been running for 40 years and has helped many students from poor families in their education such as Dr. Kiran Bedi Scholarship Scheme, Gen JJ Singh Scholarship Scheme for Children of Soldiers, Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao Scholarship Scheme, Late MR Kataria Memorial Scholarship, Roshaan Scholarship Scheme and others.
The Supreme Court of India in the case, WP (c) No 265 of 2011, in which the Supreme Court of India has issued an order to prohibit the sale of long against the rules that have been laid down.
Shillong, July 21: The 49th Anniversary of Independence of the State was celebrated in 2022 as part of the preparations for the celebration of the Anniversary of the State in
“The President of NEHUTA, Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the Joint Action Committee (JAC) will give until 12 pm on 26th March, 2023 to immediately suspend the Rohit Prasad but otherwise the Joint Action Committee will hold a protest in front of the Vice Chancellor's office.
The aim of this is to preserve, strengthen and rediscover the ancient ties between Tamil Nadu and Kashi which were the centers of education in ancient times.
Shillong, June 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will hold its second General Executive Council on 17.04.2017 at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong from 11.00 am to 11.00 am.
Many markets have been closed on this day, in order to save time by closing shops for one day to be able to take part in this day to celebrate the Independence Day of the country.
The awarding ceremony was held to encourage the students and members of the Dkhar Kur to continue to work hard and do well in their studies and also in the field of education. whatever the hands of the hands in which they work.
The two day meeting was also attended by Dr M Horoo Joint Director, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MI), Dr BT Hinge, Doctor in charge of Civil Hospital Shillong and many other doctors. A Das, Secretary of RR Colony was also present on the occasion.
In a meeting with the Union Minister, the Meghalaya government said that this action of the NPTC has affected the state especially during the examination period and at the same time it is the end of the year. year in the state budget will also put the government in a difficult position to fix this.
On Saturday evening, 4 or 5 Metor drivers and Khasi drivers clashed after drinking at a restaurant called Saw Aiom Restaurant in Iewduh, Sohsaw. It was owned by Bah Shanborlang Sohtun.
The report has been received and sent to the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya.
Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal, Returning Officer of the district, said, “We have already sent a show cause notice to the MLA of Laban. He will send his reply on the 1st of this month and it depends on his reply and the Election Election after considering it will take a decision”.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Madanrting Circle has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, demanding that no action should be taken against the liquor shop. ha Madanryting Block F. In this statement, the HNYF said that this liquor shop is near the place of worship, which is still open today, but according to the decision of the court, all shops near schools, places of worship and highways cannot open if they are within 200 meters.
The elected prime minister said that this has not been decided in the MDA but what has already been agreed with the parties in the government, in the present government the PDF has not. participate in the Cabinet.
The Chief Minister said that the government's goal is to improve the quality of farming without the use of pesticides in the state and the government will encourage the farmers of the state in this way.
The nursing code of conduct laid down by the NABH is also a guideline on how to evaluate the services of nurses in health facilities.
The EC will do its utmost to address the shortcomings in the Clan Bill which has been passed by the House and will try to bring the Bill back in the House in the next session. November of next month.
Police on receiving a tip that there was a vehicle bearing the number ML-11-3832 that there were people in the vehicle who were suspected to be drug traffickers. Police have arrested him in Ratacherra.
During the search, police recovered 20 boxes of soap from his bag and when tested it was found to be heroin weighing 274.23 grams. Police also seized a mobile phone. and u.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said he had spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam yesterday and today although he was busy due to the incident on the border with Mizoram, he was able to discuss.
Regarding the Cabinet's decision to upgrade the Tura Technical University, 2011 to the State University, the Government will introduce an amendment to the Act in the current Budget Session.
The distribution of these food items was handed over to the Dorbar Shnongs in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs, Presidents and Secretaries of the Seng Khasi departments. The raids of Nongkynrih are Nongthymmai and Umthli.
The people of Meghalaya have expressed their gratitude to the Chief Superintendent of Police for being willing to take over this post despite understanding that it is difficult for him to be in this heavy position.
Her monthly income is between T.8000 to T.15000 from sewing, and she has also trained 13 other mothers in her village.
These leading leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) have done their utmost to persuade the AICC leaders to give tickets to the people they want.
The Central Government has taken many steps for the development of the tribals and society in the rural areas in the last six years and has brought about economic development in these areas.
The Minister assured that the Panchayat Raj Department headed by Girirai Singh will provide all the assistance so that the villages in Meghalaya as well as other states in the North East can take full advantage of the benefits of the schemes. Central Government for the development of all villages.
Police arrived inside the village but the mob attacked and did not allow the police to stand nearby,” said the Sordar Shnong.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Congress MP Vincent H Pala has said that the map of Meghalaya is still small. of Assam.
Mira June Myrsing said that the ASHAs will wait for the three months requested by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to consult with the Dorbar Shnongs before implementing the new Community Base Health scheme. Incentives.
The Government has issued an order that those returning from other States must undergo RTPCR Test at the gates before entering the State at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
There are nine villages in Jaintia Hills District.
Dr War said that a 46-year-old man suffering from kidney disease has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for treatment. He was diagnosed with COVID-19 and died this morning.
He recalled that Meghalaya has decided to separate the judiciary and offices in November 2020 while India has started this since 1972 when it became a state. he traveled around the state to see that the courthouses that were being built were completed on time.
The Presidents, General Secretaries of Units, Circles and Districts are requested to attend the meeting.
JR Road – Photjaud Rangthong, JR Road – Mawmerang, Ngunraw, MBGM Road – Kolomboit, MBGM through Synod Regarding Pelcy's statement that the Congress will lose in 2018, we will confirm only after the elections. The Congress in Ranikor is also ready to contest the election and as a party it will work hard to bring back the victory of the party.
David is the son of Charles Pyngrope, MLA of Nongthymmai from the same Congress party who was also the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
During the meeting, the UDP MDCs also discussed the reply of the PDF leader because in a reply letter sent to the Chairman of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Parliamentary Party, the CEM The leader of the KHADC as the leader of the PDF has written clearly that the MDC (S) from the UDP will have to explain to their party.
ODOP Samparkka provides an opportunity to showcase different parts of Meghalaya and the uniqueness of the districts.
The Chairman of the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) has expressed his concern that his department has not been able to do anything to protect the people from the air coming from abroad. his department will assist in the investigation of this matter.
Former Speakers AT Mondal and Martin M Danggo have sent their condolences on the sudden passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, the incumbent Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
However, unexpectedly, in the initial talks, I, as General Secretary, was forced by the Government to take the lead in the upcoming talks,” he said.
On the other hand, when asked by SP News Agency, Bah Phrang, regarding the cultivation of synsar in Meghalaya, which has been cultivated by the people throughout the state, said that the cultivation of synsar It is a very quick agriculture to produce crops but the soil is quickly lost in synsar cultivation and affects the environment.
Also present at the inspection were the Rangbah Shnong of Umkra, Bah PS Umbah, the elders of the village and others who were present to inspect the incident.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state has a political map and at the same time Assam also has a political map. For this reason, there will be no border disputes between the two states.
The SOP has specifically mentioned the steps for public awareness against COVID by posting information on what to do and what not to do in all the grounds such as notices, posters etc. others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday announced that it has donated 100,000 rupees to the National Youth Championship League. The Pro MMA League will be held on November 8-10, 2023 at Priyadarshini Youth Complex, Malund West, Mumbai.
The government has allocated 300 posts for 9 community colleges but how many additional posts can you provide for single teachers? If possible, lower primary schools, upper primary schools and secondary schools.
With the establishment of this testing center at Tura Civil Hospital, Meghalaya will have two testing centres, one at NEIGRIHMS in Shillong which is owned by the central government and one in Tura.
They also discussed their desire to amend the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act by inserting Sections 3 and 4 of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 to empower them to ban foreigners. I don't live in this state.
Police have also seized 7.2 thousand liters of liquor from illegally sold illegal drugs across the state. elections too.
We must get out of this way of thinking.
In fact, the union has already met with Anup Bal from Kolkatta who is the contractor of Eagle Company Pvt LTD who is the owner of the tollgate from NHAI to collect revenue.
Shillong, March 27: U Bah Vincent H Pala MP from Shillong Constituency on Tuesday said that to bring about development, there is a need for cooperation between the government, District Councils and the people.
Secretary Bah Humble and other members were also present.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his dissatisfaction with the post-independence governments which have begun to ignore their rights and principles for political gain and have not been able to understand the the most important of the holy places of Bharat.
“This upward movement opens up the possibility of reforming social protection programs especially with a view to better identification of eligible beneficiaries and better provision of support to the poor really," she adds.
Raising the issue, NPP MLA James K Sangma said the government has now surrendered to the insurgents because it has not been able to take action against the violence. There is no peace and order in Garo Hills where the people are no longer in peace.
Finally, the HNPM sends its condolences to all those who have been insulted from time to time by the Assam authorities, said Rangdajied Donshiew, Vice President of the HNPM. (SP News).
Referring to the post of Prime Minister, Pala said that all the candidates who contest the MLA election when they win want to become Ministers of State and Prime Minister. to take the yoke.
NEHUSU Vice President Easterson Sohtun said that the VC's decision to implement the NEP shows that the VC has taken a decision alone without taking into account the decision of the Academic Council of NEHUSU. Easterson said that even the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, recently made it clear that there are colleges in Meghalaya which have not yet been authorized to implement the NEP this year. Teachers and students are deeply saddened by the VC's urgent decision to implement the NEP in Meghalaya from 1st July.
Shillong, June 28: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District on Friday night seized drugs while trying to smuggle people into Bangladesh.
At this time we pray that the Creator will grant peace to the family and all the family members.
The body was seen by the people at 10:00 pm.
In another incident, BSF troops of the 4th Battalion of Meghalaya troops seized 14 muid hidden in the forest with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh through Rongtila village in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 28: A video has been circulated on WhatsApp today showing a Maruti car driving a Maruti car in a busy area. the ksew cannot drive.
Shillong, July 24: The Chairman of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, Dr Shyam Agarwal at the two-day National Seminar held in Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the youth of the North East of India who have registered for Company Secretaries before 31st October 2018 do not have to pay the entrance fee.
On the other hand, former KSU leader Daniel Khyriem, said that this is a day to encourage the country not only to encourage the members of the KSU but also to encourage the people of the state to unite for the sake of the KSU. to deal with any problems.
They stand to fight against the Police, who put the welfare of non-tribals first,” said the HNLC. The Police Department, like Kong Claudia Lyngwa and Bah Vivek Syiem, are only officers who hide their true appearance behind the appearance of Hynniewtrep.
“We hereby inform you that according to Section 8 clauses (a) & (b) of this Rule of Nongstoin Hima, it is clearly stated that cultivate in any part or village within the Syiemship.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and other government ministers.
He said the claim that the party has not announced the names of the candidates today is not true as the Central Election Committee of the party has not yet met to discuss the matter.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has convened a meeting with seven cases today morning to discuss the illegal occupation of people in Lum Survey. Corner.
To bring about economic development in the state, peace and stability is essential to develop in all aspects.
The order of the state government has forced the relatives with disabilities to sit in the additional secretariat and this is a shame to the state government.
“On my part and the people, I have no objection that he (Prof. Rakesh Sinha) will bring benefits to the people.
They were arrested by the police after a man named Bitnes Rymbai from Ksehrynshang village lodged a complaint with the police on the 12th of this month at 1:00 pm. In the morning, the robbers stole 10 cows from the cow farm in the village.
After being caught, the animal was imprisoned in a box made of wood and the people went to see the animal.
These three water tanks have not been able to operate due to the collapse of the water pipes which should have supplied water to the people, said Samla Jaian.
The politicians of Hynniewtrep, unfortunately, have been deceived, deceived and forced by our enemies and oppressors, and act as agents and tyngshops of the Government of India.
The highest turnout was recorded in South Tura with 87.19 per cent, while the lowest turnout was in Pynursla Assembly Constituency with 52.65 per cent.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Commander Shangpliang and members of the Union this morning visited Anjalee Parking Lot to teach the farmers to keep a distance from each other. which they come to sell their vegetables at this place.
Participants included leaders and members of KSU, JSU, GSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, HITO, Shillong. Students' Association,Mizo Students' Union Shillong, Twipra Students' Federation Shillong, Arunachal Students Union Shillong, Mara Students' Organization and Lai Students' Association.
In fact, this is a democratic country, we rule together and we should know when we do anything but he does it without any information from us,” said Minister Shanpru.
In this regard, the Minister said that getting the recognition is not easy because many rules have to be followed and a testing center has to be built.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, Minister of Tourism, Paul Lyngdoh, MLAs including Shanbor Shullai, Wailadmiki Shylla, Santa Mary Shylla, MDC, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills Bah BS Sohliya, Superintendent of Police Bah CSyrti, Government officers in the presence of President of Seiñ Raij Bah H. Toi, General Secretary Bah A. Sumer and others.
Stop immediately as the Green Tech Foundation will start inspecting those buildings from now on,” said Bah Nonglang.
According to the rules, the factories should be 1 km away from residential areas, 500 meters from PWD roads, 100 meters from rivers. There are 48 agencies so far.
At the same time, he congratulated the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) for organizing this seminar on Article 370 and requested the MTCA to hold the same seminar. on the terms of accession of the 25 Hima Khasi States to India through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed as the Federation of Khasi States.
Through this house, the Seng will gather the farmers and guide them forward and this house is a model project of the Seng and if this project is successful the Seng will fulfill it. pat to other districts.
We are sensitive to the challenges civilians face in accessing priority needs.
There are 9 recoveries in the state, 6 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills. one of them is 13484 people.
“Another problem is that the state does not have its own testing laboratory where all the tests have to be sent to Kolkata or Guwahati and this has delayed in getting the necessary results,” she added.
He joined the army in
He said that on receiving this behavior of the people, the police did not hesitate to shoot with lyer pynsatkhmat to disperse the people. In this incident, some people were injured but how many people are still unknown. do not write this message.
They are Jafar Ali (Uttar Pradesh), Dharam Pal (Haryana), Praveen Kumar (Karnataka), Sonia and Sanjeev (Haryana), Sunder Singh (Uttarakhand), Shivu and others.
“To set a good standard of care in care, healing and comfort" as well as the hospital's mission statement: “To provide a sense of constant healing to patients and their families and to improve the way of life of all people in society.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Matric Examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBSE) today started. exam writing centers that they see.
The suspect was taken to court today and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days for further investigation.
Magoo, CGM – LHO State Bank of India (SBI),  P.Shyam Sunder, CGM – Reserve Bank of India (RBI),  S.R.Bannerjee, Chairman – Arunachal Pradesh Rural Bank, Bhupen Deka, Chairman – Mizoram Rural Bank, Kong Rikynti Nongpiur , former Chairman, Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mukul CH Jeishi, Chairman, Meghalaya Rural Bank who conducted the meeting.
The meeting was held at the residence of Bah Sanbor MLA. The prayer was led by Rev. Pastor TR Marak from the Baptist Church Shillong.
The Chief Guest, Kong Violet Lyngdoh, urged the participants to respect their language by setting an example of speaking in Pnar.
U Bah Luis said in front of the police that it is because of the strike that they cannot leave like this now because there is no bill for the day for many days. that you may come forward to help the poor.
The meeting was held at KJP Girls Higher Secondary School.
I have seen with my own eyes that the construction is going on," he said.
As the union, we want the temporary or full-time teachers to have completed the Diploma of Elementary Education (D.El.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, Vice President KSU, Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant General Secretary, Samla Raymond Kharjana, Samla Pynkmen Sanmiet, Samla Iashan Mukhim, Samla Pynkmen Sanmiet, Samla Iashan Mukhim and Samla Dakishan Malngiang who is the Assistant Organizing Secretary.
Proceeds will be used to support healthcare needs.
These are for upcoming, ongoing and completed projects.
When the colleges have been merged with the State University, the problem of writing the CUET examination as in the central government universities will no longer exist. in this state.
There are 41 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 24 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills. 2 people so far today.
On the occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Twitter, expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala and prayed that his soul may rest in peace.
From the house of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) he congratulated all the teams who participated and said that football in this era is no longer just a Bangja game but a Bangja game. also the Pliang Ja if the youth understand and take responsibility to achieve their dreams.
KSU Malki Circle has honored 31 students of Malki Village in the presence of Dr. MM Ampareen Lyngdoh (MLA, East Shillong Constituency), Bah Miguel Badwar (Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Malki) Shemphang L. Mawphlang (Vice President, KSU Central Executive Council) and Donald V. Thabah (General Secretary, KSU CEC) as the special guests.
Because it was in 2014 that the subsidy for the purchase of fertilizers and seeds was abolished during the Congress government.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the House Committee said that after submitting the report of the village to the EC to take a decision whether to appoint a team of experts to investigate the allegation. There is a light in the light of the uranium deposits.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
During his campaign, Conrad, who is also the Chief Minister of the state, visited three places in Chirinpara, Bandalkona and Kumligaon.
The state has been fighting against the infiltration of foreigners for many years, and it cannot be said that there are many mynder in the state who are waiting for the epic card to become owners. .
The current situation of the CM under the leadership of the BJP is worrying for the small states and minority communities.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest recalled that the first celebration of World Environment Day was started by the United Nations General Assembly in 1972. He said that nature is a gift from God to us and it is also the most special and wonderful creation of God. “If we know how to take care of it and love it, it is our closest friend and if we don't take care of it, if we despise it, it will become our greatest enemy. ".
Marak as journalist, Brazil A. Sangma and other officials.
On the other hand, the Seng once again has the opportunity to discuss what is the next step that they need to take to ensure that the people of this area will not be discriminated against by the government. all shit.
There are two pedestrian bridges connecting the area with Assam, one at Umsiang and one at Amdubi Dhubighat.
With this additional fund to expand the airport, Shillong will be able to connect with other states of the North East by airports. Air Bus services are available from Silchar, Imphal, Aizawl and Agartala.
The daily market had to be closed within four o'clock and many of them were forced to open their shops due to the demand for money by the criminals.
The NTA explained to the House that these student grievances would be resolved in accordance with the recommendations of the GRC.The Committee looked into these grievances on the basis of submissions by the employers and the CCTV footage from the Center did not show the incident.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 5791, with 569 testing positive today.
The cold weather has also damaged the crops in the area as many of the residents are still living in agriculture.
The DC said that on receiving this information, she sent the magistrates to investigate to find out the truth. Two women were injured in the landslide.
Media reports said it would be a great loss to the state if this office leaves the state.
Tura, July 16: Unidentified gunmen today abducted Arvind Kumar, Branch Manager of SBI in Ampati by shooting at Garobadha. .
During the meeting, the Union Home Minister expressed his concern over the feelings of the people of the North East, at the same time. He said that in such cases they have to consult with other political parties to talk and also with the civil society organizations after the consultation the government will take a decision in this regard. The CAB bill will be passed in the Rajya Sabha.
This is the power of 'We, the People of India' as enshrined in the Constitution.
Shillong, July 19: The Voice of the People Party (VOP) leaders' plan to protest against the state government's failure to respond to the demand for the re-appointment of Lokayukta officers has failed after the The police and the magistrates did not give any permission.
Thia Jamir, who was present at the meeting, said that the Governor has said that if the CMJ University sends the name of the Chancellors to be appointed at the University, Those degrees which have been awarded earlier can still be revived but to date there has been no registration from the University.
This government should not send a letter to the party.
KSU Narpuh Circle Publicity Secretary Samla Mihsalan Truh has demanded the implementation of strong laws such as the Inner Line Permit (ILP) for the safety of the people.
To involve the youth in such trainings will be conducted through Rozgar Melas and Kaushal Shivirs.
No one was injured in the incident.
Nongstoin, June 27: Dr Fenella L Nonglait, Vice President of Judo Camp India, has visited Nongstoin after the Free Demonstration Cum Judo Camp was held in Nongstoin recently under the auspices of the Office of the Judo Camp. District Sports Officer Nongstoin and the Meghalaya Judo Association under the leadership of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, held another training session with the judo students in Nongstoin. Warjri, Vice President Donny Ranee, Boney Kharbani President West Khasi Hills Judo Association, Balamphang Kharkongor and Dr Fenella L Nonglait.
The HYC also discussed the need for adequate classrooms, where many of the school buildings in these areas are old and no longer available. and they are not children.
The festival was organized by the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society in collaboration with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs as part of the conservation of wildlife and birds in the area. The arrival of these Amur Falcons has brought a blessing which is also a bridge to promote tourism and increase the income of the villagers.
The question is if the central government can grant Manipur why can't it grant Meghalaya.
The trade in those days was smooth and orderly.
Besides John F Kharshiing and Manas Choudhury, Wansuk Syiem, OL Nongtdu, BK Dey Sawian and Charles Charles have also been nominated. Pyngrope, Bah KK Dkhar and P Marak EM of GHADC. Among all these candidates who want to become MP Rajya Sabha for the remaining 10 years, the most prominent is Bah John F Kahrshiing but he is in the party. that it will take a decision to appoint at this time.
The GNLA has accused Dr Mukul Sangma and his brother Zenith Sangma of this.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, the civil society organizations from Garo Hills said that these smala came to surrender after religious organizations and NGOs urged them to surrender. They should come forward to surrender themselves to the government for the sake of bringing peace in Ri Lum Garo.
The award will be given to Hynniewtrep students from schools in Meghalaya who have scored 85% in class x and XII in SSLC, HSSLC, CBSE, and ICSE. to 2024.
The program was organized by the All India Poets Conference in collaboration with the Garo Department, NEHU Tura, Achik Literature Society and Sahitya Akademi, Delhi.
Shillong, June 28: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the meeting chaired by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has decided to announce the Shillong, Jowai and Tura as containment areas for 40 days.
Jowai, November 30: The Dorbar Shnong Iongkaluh through the Village Education Committee (VEC) as part of the training and encouragement to the school children and students of the village on the 29th of this month has held a program to honor the children. schools and students of the village who have passed well in SSLC to Masters degree and others, as well as to the winners of various competitions organized by the VEC. Vincent H Pala was the chief guest in the presence of MLA AL Hek, Pastor Shylla Principal of KJP HSS Jowai, elders of the village and more than 10,000 residents.
This also helps to open up employment opportunities for them where they can meet with the managers of music studios,” said Dr. Mebanlamphrang Lyngdoh, HoD of the Department of Music.
In the meantime, she has ensured that her other activities continue such as providing home care to newborns, poor mothers, the elderly and patients with Tuberculosis, Hypertension and Diabetes.
However, in this age of technology, the public can see what is happening in the uranium mines whether in India or even in developed countries.
In this meeting, the MD Nikhla promised to send a letter to the government to release the salary for the remaining three months.
“It is on this basis that the door to peace talks is still open and the government continues to call for peace talks. The HNLC's statement cannot be answered,” said the Home Minister. state.
He urged all political parties to direct their supporters not to cause any disturbance during the rallies of other political parties and urged them not to spread false news without a verify first.
The Financial Accounts have been published in two volumes, to make them complete and informative.
Shillong, Nailur 05: “I have sent to Lessly Shylla, the owner of the Crowborough Hotel, to respond to the corporation within the 15th of this month,” said David Nongrum. you are now in Nailur"
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Mawlai Bypass Road at a cost of T.27.87 crore in the presence of the Chief Minister's Secretary. they are not responsible for the construction of roads.
The Seng Khasi Kmie wishes you all a happy and successful 121st Anniversary, said Bah Don Kupar Dkhar President of the Seng Khasi.
He said he is not waiting, he is worried and he wants to see India move forward, eradicate food shortage and he wants to see the citizens of the country have a better life.
At this public meeting, he mentioned that Sikkim has been able to develop in agriculture without the use of chemical fertilizers and praised the state for its efforts to reach the rank as the state with the highest cultivation without the use of fertilizers.
Referring to rural development works, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has made good use of the MGNREGA scheme and this year Meghalaya will receive about T.1800 crore for the implementation of this scheme. The Government will strengthen the 22,000 rural cooperation groups in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The 17North Constituency Committee of North Shillong (KHNAM) has expressed its regret over the unfounded demand for the resignation of the President of the party, without the knowledge of many members of the Executive Committee of North Shillong. to the Units.
Speaking to SP News Agency, John Kharshiing, President of the Meghalaya Olympic Association, said that the preparations are in progress but the full picture of how to conduct the National Games will be in honor of the Olympic Association. The state will be signing the Hostcity Contract.
The talents of the students and their stories, have impressed and made the witness think about their unique talents.
Excluding the repayment of T.1,498 crore, the total expenditure will amount to T.25,574 crore.
To introduce stricter rules and to speed up the trial of such cases, the Central Government has introduced the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, 2018 which stipulates that the punishment of tyngeh which includes the execution of those who are strong.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that it is necessary to empower the job seekers to understand their strengths by providing special training in various jobs. The Prime Minister said that he hopes that today's meeting will be fruitful.
The night curfew has been imposed in the entire district to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state and the country as a whole, to ensure that the disease will not enter the district. pursuant to the power conferred under Section 144 Cr.
Within the Umrit Circle: Sohkyrbam Rim, Sohkyrbam Domphlang, Umrit, Umtarsen, Umlur, Umtangar and Umtar.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Three candidates for the BJP ticket have been nominated by the retired police chief M Kharkrang to join the BJP party. The 2023 MLA election will be held for the 18th Shillong North Constituency.
Because the seats for medical studies have been purchased by the Meghalaya government with the money of the people of the state and these same people also apply from Manipur which means that their citizenship is not Whether they are from Meghalaya, Manipur or Bangladesh is unknown.
“At present there is nothing painful and affecting my body, I am like this as I am, there is only a little weakness when there is no food (in the body) but until now there is nothing. difficulty," she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: There are 1241 employees under the SSA program in Meghalaya and the State Government has spent T.12.72 crore, said the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday. per annum to pay salary.
The meeting will be held this morning between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya in the presence of Ministers from both the states who are the Chairpersons of the Regional Committees and members of the Committees. he was with the officers.
This includes the movement of persons or goods in connection with the export of goods under agreements with countries neighboring India.
As in the last MLA election, they said that they will never work with the BJP, but on 03/03/2018 at 2 pm they came to vote with the BJP because they understand that without BJP you don't get money.
More people pay taxes.
The reason for the distribution of sugarcane is that there is no sugarcane inside the FCI warehouses, said the DC. (SP News).
The teaser of the film has already been released on the YouTube channel and the film will be released in June.
The JSU has demanded from the Council, the EM In charge Trading License and the CEM to ensure that foreigners are not allowed to work freely without permits. The Seng demands that by March this year, all foreigners should have proper documents such as Trading License, TCC and Labor License, including shopkeepers, Otherwise, the JSU will continue to take strong action, as this has not only affected the revenue of the Council but has also violated the rights of the residents who are the owners of the country. try country.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his office and submitted a petition to him to look into their problems.
To upgrade the Sub Center to a PHC according to the requirement of 20,000 residents around the Sub Centre, this answer was given in writing in the House.
The road to these villages from Kynrud which was constructed during the tenure of MLA Boldness L Nongum under the PMGSY scheme is 6 km to the Uming River. MGREGA at a cost of T.4.85 lakh through Mairang Block in
The arrest of the members of the union on suspicion of involvement in the burning of those vehicles in the past few days, is their responsibility and the union does not accept that the members of the union. Those who have been arrested by the police have done these things because the party has not sent any of its members to do such things.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-Umwai) on Tuesday 30th October 2024 has launched another unit in Umwai Village which falls under the Mawlong Sirdarship.
Rather, it is the way to bring about mutual respect and the cross must spread among the nations and make the world full of compassion and peace.
They will send letters to all MLAs and political parties.
According to the government announcement, the government announcement will come into force from the date of handover and assumption of office as announced.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20: The Union Government will appeal to the Supreme Court of India over the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, officials said. which was released from the office of the Prime Minister of the Republic.
Sadly, the authorities have not listened to her complaint.
Khanduli is different.
The rally was held today to express their sorrow over the incident in Nagaland especially those people of Mon District in Nagaland who have faced this tragedy at the hands of the army.
The union, which has received a complaint from the public, has found that there is no teacher in Subject Science at Rymbai Govt Secondary School for about 10 years. Science Laboratory, Computers Lab and full time teachers as most of the teachers are part-time teachers.
“The country is a land of shiap and if we love the Khasi country we must take care of this land or country so that it will not fall into the hands of the Khasi people. mynder" Do you ask about the nation? “The Khasi people are the blood and if we love the Khasi people we must take care that the Khasi blood will not disappear from this earth,” he said.
He said that it is easy to understand the importance of nature and our surroundings; it is for us to understand that nature supports the needs of all of us.
In addition, the police said that they detained the two men after they refused to tell them where the drugs were hidden.
The party congratulates Bah Bindo on the victory of the UDP in two seats in this bye election but we also inform that KHNAM does not need the certificate of Bah Bindo.
Under this scheme, three bands of tin sop houses will be provided to poor households to build their houses.
With this amendment, the pension of MLAs has been increased from T.17,000/- to T.30,000/- and the Medical Allowances from T.3000/- have now been increased to T.5000/-. and this will come into force from 1st July
The author said that this change shows India's goal to break free from the shackles of the rule of the authorities in the past and position itself as a political reformer in the world. and in matters relating to debt.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the incident.
Regarding those who have to undergo quarantine for those who are positive or those who have contact with those who are sick, there are two types of quarantine. and those who wish to stay in the places they want have already paid, said Prestone.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that the death of these six people today to say that they died from the coal mining is wrong because in the place where they died. seven had no coal.
The Seng wishes the children of Senraij Jowai to continue to preserve the religious customs and traditions so that the jaidbynriew can survive and remain on earth.
: Officers of the Silchar-Jiribam road on Tuesday, June 29, 2024 after receiving a tip that there were people who carry drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya under the leadership of Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh today met with the Prime Minister to meet with the Prime Minister to discuss the issue of the demand of teachers.
It shall notify the Sanad in relation to the Dorbar Shnongs.
You must confirm.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has congratulated the police for their hard work in the fight against drug trafficking.
SHILLONG, Naitung 31: The president of the CSWO, Agnes Kharashiing, on Tuesday said that she is shocked to see that the film 'Red Ant' has been canceled by St Anthony's after being confronted by the police. was accused.
Focus on the development and celebration of the untapped talent and resources of the North East.
The union through its leaders met with the Minister on the day he inaugurated the footbridge at Sahksaw village and the union submitted a petition to the Minister. Paul Lyngdoh who suggested to the government to allocate funds and share to East Jaintia Hills District to build a Rehabilitation Center for drug addicts as East Jaintia Hills District is one of the places. they are more likely to drink drugs.
The youths who are currently being trained are those in various fields such as Information Technology, BPO, Retail, Hospitality, Human Resources and others. Jettwings, Sling Shot Solutions and Third Eye Education.
Speaking at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong, the Vice President of India, M. Venkaiah Naidu, said that the states of the North East should take advantage of this opportunity. Peace has begun to spread in development works.
Previously, the Governor of the State had the authority to appoint to this post but to take the time, a change has been made to appoint the Chief. The Secretary has taken this decision to expedite the appointment process.
We have to promote this.
There are 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
“We are proud of the country that has made progress in various development projects but on the other hand, the relationship between people is deteriorating in India.
According to a statement issued by the NF.Railway, two railway lines have been allocated in Meghalaya since 2006-2007, namely from Tetelia from Assam to Byrnihat at Meghalaya is 21.50 km long.
The party strongly condemns this and will punish those who violate this understanding of the party.
Are these teachers and their children criminals? Are they members of any group that is not legally recognized by the Government? Did they carry any weapons or protest with any illegal idea which prompted the police to fire tear gas at them? these teachers or their children shall not carry any weapons or show any signs of committing illegal acts.
The celebration was inaugurated by the Principal, Dr C Massar and the Chairperson, Theilin Phanbuh.
The reason for the sudden removal of Ma Hamlen Rymbai from the post of President of the WSSWO is due to the financial disputes in the management of the Gold Cup Wapungskur. Therefore, from now on, in all relations with the WSSWO, the public is kindly requested to contact the new President of the WSSWO. The WSSWO, Madly Ryngkhlem but not Hamlen Rymbai.
Shillong, Ri Saw 01: Supporters of Bah HS Shylla, MDC from Nongkrem Constituency, have sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Nongkrem Constituency. the MDC scheme which the people should receive.
The public is requested to support this group of singers.
The Company urges the farmers to take this opportunity to cultivate lemongrass. Anyone who wants to cultivate lemongrass or know more about lemongrass can call 7085252965/9
The union demands that the MBOSE should suspend the announcement to change the textbooks for 2018 and review all the textbooks before taking a decision to invite the publishing companies. to award the contract to them.
“The Congress party has a time limit and when that time comes, those who want to contest the election will be able to apply for my ticket as well”.
The meeting will be held at 1:00 pm.
The President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA), Bah Banteidor on Tuesday together with the office bearers of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Tuesday visited the First Ground, Polo. The condition of the stadium and all parts of the stadium and the stadium as part of the monitoring of the outstanding works.
The allegation by the police and other religious groups that we are involved is only to discredit the party.
 Secure your house, conduct necessary repairs, and prevent loose sharp objects.
“Now millions of beneficiaries are using Government Schemes as a means of progress.
On this occasion, the MD of the Company, Bah J.Kharir, said that after a thorough research on Lemongrass, he found that Lemongrass is a plant that is suitable for Meghalaya and can help. to improve agriculture especially the income of farmers.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Prime Minister of Meghalaya today announced that the distribution of ration under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojna will continue. until November 2022.
“Let us hold fast to the sanctity of the Sacrament of Confirmation,” urged the Spiritual Leader of the Diocese of Shillong.
The Meghalaya Day celebration has been held in Delhi for many years.
Dr Mawthoh said that from the War East MDC constituency which falls under the JHADC, the party will nominate Bah Firstborn Manner.
“We acknowledge one fact that the influx of people into this state is excessive and no one can deny this, both sides know this fact”.
Recalling the demand for oxygen for the treatment of the second phase of the pandemic in the months of June and June, the Prime Minister said that we have been able to provide this by implementing all parts of the Government in this matter.
In this regard, the government will talk to the electricity companies to forgive 60% of the bill. If the companies forgive, the remaining bill will be T.1091.92 crore. MeECL has not yet provided electricity to the company in Meghalaya.
Phone No.0361-2843385, 0361-2842720.
The Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul, who was the chief guest, said that it is an honor to be present at the opening ceremony of the NSS in Meghalaya. Meghalaya to host this program in Meghalaya, Meghalaya in the past three years has won up to three trophies, what comes to mind is that the youngsters will be the most important for the community about 15 years old to 25 years old are teenagers.
Shillong, June 05: The President of the Indian National Congress (INC) Mallikarjun Kharge today launched the election manifesto for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections. The first phase of voting will be held on 19/June/2
The facilities now plié opportunities for integration and monitoring of various business-related areas.
He said he was pleased that so far, 38 crore health IDs have been issued and more than 2 lakh health centers and 1.5 lakh health workers have been verified.
Since 2017-18, many meetings and trainings have been held at the government hospital under the title “Continuing Medical Education” and meetings have been held by various departments.
According to the PWD, if the two existing roads are removed, one from the Police Training School to reach the Hawkers Market and one from the Public Training School to Forest Colony will have to be constructed. , these roads are not known as bye pass roads.
On the other hand, the HITO of Sahsniang has lodged a complaint with the DC of West Jaintia Hills to investigate the matter. The EE of PHE, but the union has not yet responded because the union wants to conduct a joint inspection to clarify according to the RTI. Surprisingly, the Executive Engineer of PHE has promised to The members of the union have lodged a complaint against the VWSC at Raliang Police Outpost.
The Army contingent will be led by Major Indrajeet Sachin, the Navyda contingent by Lt. Commander MV Rahul Raman and the Air Force contingent by Squadron Leader Akash Ganghas.
He said that the previous government had promised to the civil society organizations to implement those security measures to prevent people from entering the state by setting up gates which could not be implemented until these days.
According to information received, many groups have submitted submissions to the Expert Committee headed by Justice (Rtd) Mool Chand Garg, chairman of the committee appointed by the government to look into the issue. There is no employment policy in the state.
Jowai, November 04: The AJYWO Central Body has urged the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and GR Infrastructure Ltd which has taken the contract for the construction of the NH 44 from Soomer WJHD to Malidor. EJHD to expedite the construction of this road for the safety of the passengers.
No.8575837324, Tel No.2590033 and the scheduled time is from 3 pm to 4 pm.
I don't care if I lose or win the election and I will not compromise my rights, I will not compromise my principles.
Himanta said that the border dispute has led to a tragic incident that cannot be avoided, but what has happened is that Meghalaya and Assam have always talked to resolve the issue. to ensure that they are ready to resolve this issue.
In the FIR lodged today against the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Rapsang, he said that according to his information, all the members of his family did not go to Bethany Hospital. in recent months.
This longer light outage will also allow the forest department to cut down the trees that have fallen and at the same time to cut down those trees that are about to fall. happen something unfortunate in this process of nature.
Samla Banshai informed him that all this happened due to the negligence of the Department and the lack of attention especially when it comes to the rural areas.
Dr Ibandalin, MD of the hospital gave a talk on diabetes and these are the symptoms that can indicate that a person has diabetes and how to take treatment.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia C Lyngwa today said that police have seized 1195 grams of heroin in the past two days. The market price has reached T.15 crore.
The Sengbhalang also requests all the people, paradoh parasnam to join in these protest programs of the Sengbhalang, and also to give their full support to the struggle of the Sengbhalang who continue to demand the implementation of The struggle of the Sengbhalang is for the benefit of the children and future generations of the country and the nation as a whole, according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of FKJGP. central Body of Bah Willberth  Rani.
Shillong: Oct 22.
In the first phase, the Minister has released T.55,43,000/- under the SRWP scheme.
Referring to the construction projects, the Chief Minister said that this government has done many things whether it is schools, roads, water supply in all parts of the state. In the past, it has started those that have not been completed and this government will now continue them.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare has also launched the PM-KISAN AI Chatbot (Kisan e-Mitra), which will facilitate the resolution of problems of farmers related to the PM scheme. -KISAN.This chatbot is affiliated with Bhashini, and provides assistance in various native languages ​​like Hindi, Tamil, Odia, Bengali and English through voice and text.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Agatha K Sangma, MP of Tura, in the presence of Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister, today inaugurated the Road Construction Department. the bridge that was built on the Rongre River.
Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, took part in the cleanliness drive organized by GORETO Socio-Cultural and Welfare Society, Vivekananda Sangha, Oakland, Shillong and Greater Market Association. Polo Welfare Association, Polo Shillong.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrators.
Michelle Dkhar opened the program with a song and DJ Gavian Lyngdoh performed various songs.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) today closed down the office of the District Medical Health Officer (DMHO) at Mawkyrwat CHC.
On the other hand, the SSSS has seen that the women have been fighting for land to be sold by foreigners. Without thinking about themselves or their future generations, the SSSS has asked the women why? They have gained this loss, and there are those who have gained beyond the selfishness of Shimet.
Hek said that all commercial vehicle drivers should put syrnot on their vehicles whether they have been vaccinated or not.
Many officers from the state government departments as well as the central government took part in the distribution of tyndong lyer to the people of the state. Hills also disappeared.
He said that some national television stations which have been approved by the government say that the Supreme Court has not accepted this is wrong.
There are 3729 teachers and non-teachers.
Finally, what does the way of the cross speak to us today? In the words of Stanley J Samartha, “The Cross stands in a case where the religion of politics and the politics of religion come together to fight against one man, who stands for righteousness and truth.
This statement was sent by the President of KSU Village Unit.
In Meghalaya, West Khasi Hills District has been the first to implement this.
Speaking at a meeting at the party office, Shibun Lyngdoh said that the mid-term MDC election will be a test for the Congress government which has been in power in the state for 40 years.
The BJP has put forward five issues to fight against drugs, there should be cooperation among the state governments to be vigilant, there should be a North East. The Anti Drug Squad, the Directorate has been established in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 01: Air Marshal Mathur today took over as Commander-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command of the Eastern Air Command of the Shillong Air Force.
Shillong, July 19: The UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Bah PN Syiem. that they have withdrawn their support.
He said the North East has experienced rapid economic growth in terms of infrastructure and connectivity.
Shillong, November 20: The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, today introduced a resolution that 21 MDCs have signed a bill. call a special meeting.
The HNLC said that the Prime Minister should visit hospitals to find out that many of these acts of violence against women have been committed under the influence of alcohol and the youth are now addicted to alcohol rather than alcohol. The HNLC said that even the MLA leaders are drinking expensive alcoholic beverages.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that after returning from the scene of the incident where seven people lost their lives in the tragic incident, he ordered The Deputy Commissioner and BDO should send the report to the Government.
However, he was arrested on his return from Banglore and charged under the MPDA Act from 29th November 2013 and sentenced to three years in jail.
The RPF of NF Railway has registered 655 complaints against such items and arrested 185 persons involved in such items. The total amount of T.17,93,72,180/- has been seized so far.
As the union, we are delighted to have a university that doesn't show to the world that this university is located in Shillong.
While we are working on these issues to conduct training programs that benefit trainees and employers so that this industry can thrive in India's economy, it is necessary. that apprenticeship work does not translate into an opportunity to obtain employees at a competitive price.
Ushamoni Saikia, Smt.
The conflict between the Khasi and Garo is only through the Lyngam area where there is a clean marriage.
The two MDCs include Carnes Sohshang from Mawkyrwat and Batskhem Ryntathiang from Mairang. The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has increased its membership.
Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Mizoram have expressed their readiness to implement the palm oil plantation project, while Meghalaya has not given any commitment as it cannot be reached. destroy the environment.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Mawphniang said that in fact the government should have implemented this Act for a long time but due to the lack of responsibility of the government, this Act has been implemented. for the farmers, it has remained in the ground without implementation until today.
Manstudy said that they have not yet said anything about what they will do in the future. Telinia Thangkhiew of the HSPDP and Bah Teinwell of the UDP. All three leaders alleged that it was the Chairman's authority in the House where he agreed only with what the EC said. The EC has decided to take a motion of no confidence in the budget today.
Shillong, March 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (PSC) to oppose the application for the setting up of coal mining factories in Nongjri area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District.
It will benefit all the people of the area, traders and those who go for treatment from Tripura to Mumbai.
The new executive members include Martle N Mukhim as President, Vice President and B Mawkhiew, General Secretary Edmund Lyngdoh Nongbri, Joint Secretary Bishar Ryntathiang, Treasurer Kyrshan N Mukhim and Chief Organizer. Auditor B Mawlein.
: It is called Senghikai because it is a lympung established to receive training from the beginning, and once properly trained by Senghikai, he can join the Sengpule.
The Chief Minister said that after these incidents, the government has appointed Additional Chief Secretary Y. Tsering as the Chief Secretary of the state government.
The employee of this office sold them to Bah Obadaia Thongni who lives in New Nongstoin and he sold them to Bah Challen Synshiang of Shallang. West Khasi Hills at a price of 300,000 tyngka.
On the other hand, the Minister during the meeting also expressed her readiness to work together for the development of the Mawlai area.
After the meeting, Chairman of JACSO JF Iawphniaw, GS of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and Secretary of JACSO, Samla Plosbor Kharjahrin, Vice President of Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Bah Skhembor W. Nongrum and President of HANM delivered speeches. SWKHD, Mr. Lambokstar Marwein and the President of HITO, Mr. Paul Thyrniang.
“Once again I welcome them.
It is indeed a moment of great pride that Narendra Modiji has opened up many opportunities for the development of Ayush related activities in the state.
The Mawhati MDC has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui and the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. Bhoi District to release these four persons arrested from Ri Bhoi.
One of the issues that the KSU is concerned about is the education at the Secondary Level in various schools.
According to a statement released today by the police, on 25/08/2020 the Farmers and Traders Association of Jhur has held a meeting with the BDO of Sohiong regarding the arrival of jhur trucks. and Assam.
The Chief Minister also launched the Meghalaya Aroma Mission in the presence of Jason S Mawlong, Meralborn Syiem, George B Lyngdoh MLA from Meghalaya. Bhoi District, Director, CSIR-CIMAP, Abdul Samat Kumar, CEO, MBDA, Deputy Commissioner, R Kurbah.
The era that leads us to freedom is difference.
Upon receiving information about this, one of the volunteers from Meghalaya immediately informed the Special Branch Meghalaya and also the Covid Police Control Room to inform the Railway Police Force.
The MeECL sub station at Moowakhu in East Jaintia Hills District is the supply light to almost all the villages in the district. The District Administration could not be reached for comment.
The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights Chairperson, Ms.Stuti Kacker presented the awards to the winner of All India Short Film, Still Photography and Poster Competition, 2017, at the 10th Foundation Day of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, in New Delhi on March 05, 2017.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Meghalaya, said that the meeting held today will take only this decision. Speaker of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly, Timothy Shira, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, said:
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor handed over a letter to the Union Minister and in this letter he urged the Union Government to help Meghalaya to preserve its culture and traditions.
This was announced by Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary of the VPP, after the opening of the meeting of the Committee on Reservation Roster and Reservation Policy chaired by the Minister of Law, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Last year, the MBBS seat in Meghalaya was 87, but the Health Minister said the state has received 10 more seats, increasing from 87 to
Their aim is to bring peace and harmony to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people.
North Korean citizens could be imprisoned if they watch foreign movies and play foreign music.
The portrait of Pa Togan N. Sangma was unveiled by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the portrait of Tirot Singh was unveiled by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and the portrait of Kiang Nangbah was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Industries, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Mawlai Mawdatbaki Youth Wing on Saturday honored three students of Mawdatbaki area who have passed in various examinations including HSSLC and SSLC, and The ceremony was conducted by Bah Lumsyntiew Lyngdoh and was held at the Indoor Stadium Mawdatbaki.
The Seng urges the MLA Rowell Lyngdoh, MDC Hadrian Lyngdoh, Martin M. Dango MDC Ranikor Constituency and Manstudy Nongrem MDC to take action to ensure that the Block construction in Umdohlun which has been the demand of the people for a long time.
The proposed grant was released by the Department of Expenditure to the selected States in 12 monthly installments.
On our part, we met with the Principal of this school and she admitted that the school has received a letter from the state government on this matter and she promised to take action on this issue. part immediately.
The construction of this road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah was the hard work of the former CEM Bah HS Shylla despite the opposition of the civil society he went ahead in the construction of this road.
On the election of Bah Metbah, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, expressed his gratitude to all the members of the MDA who have accepted his name.
Former Chief Minister SC Marak, who is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board, told SP News Agency that if the Chief Minister has to leave the state for a long time, he will have to hand over the post of Chief Minister. no one from among the Cabinet Ministers to act as Chief Minister when the Chief Minister is abroad for a long time.
He said that we still have to improve the results in many areas such as forest fires.
Maya Gwala is a drug trafficker who was arrested in 2023 by the Khliehriat Police Station and a case has been registered against her under sections 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act
Who will suffer is the people and government officials who are responsible for implementing such policies of the government.
He said that the traders at MECOFED have admitted that the decline in the price of synsar is due to the abundance of goods.
The main crop cultivated by the people of this village is synsar. Although there are those who cultivate tympew, soh, jhur, kwai and others, the most cultivated crop is synsar. The price of synsar u khlam has increased because they can sell up to 100 tyngka per kilo in the village.
If the CEM and the EC of KHADC cannot do anything on this issue, it will be in vain.
Of these, 350 are children.
Participants must bring their Birth Certificate according to their category.
The PM GatiShakti Master Plan is powered by geo-spatial technology, such as the Digital Ocean, he said.
At this meeting, the CEM of KHADC strongly criticized the incumbent government ministers for not being allowed to sign the bills passed by the KHADC. CEM of KHADC, Mr. Manstudy Nongrem and Legal Advisor, Mr. Erwin K Syiem.
He said that it may have been due to the weight of the people that the building could not stand and the roof of the school collapsed and injured 25 people in this incident.
The leaders of the Seng Khasi gathered at the Seng Khasi headquarters in Mawkhar to hold a prayer before leaving for Madan Weiking.
Activities that attract praise and encourage reading are intended to impress delegates and others.
He said that on behalf of all the MLAs of the House, he sends his condolences to the family members of Bah Rymbai. the state not only the family.
To further promote the Khasi and Garo languages, it is necessary to strengthen the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India. preparation for this goal.
U Bah Khrawkupar Phawa, 30, of Sohmynting Village, Sohmynting, has died after his truck (AS 01FC 8513) collided with a truck near Moo Bridge in Iawmusiang. Jowai.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 22: The death of six persons today in a coal mine cannot be said to have died in a coal mine because there is no coal inside the coal mine. Ieh, the death toll is true, but it is not because of the coal mining because there is no coal in that area.
In his speech, Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai, congratulated the government for opening this shop in Mawlai.
Chikai Kaurina Ma, leader of the delegation, said the PADCO study team was sent by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to investigate the situation in the four states. In the North East, Meghalaya, Assam, Nagaland, Miziram and Tripura, except Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur, have not been granted due to insecurity in these two states. .
“After receiving a phone call from the suspects, I informed the police that I intended to pay the money on the night of the 15th and the police managed to rescue my son,” he said. ,said Mr. Rijoy.
In her speech, Dr R Kharshiing, Head of Management and Commerce Studies, praised the crops produced by the farmers.
Mairang, Iaiong 27: As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, two leaders of the Hill State Movement, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, were honoured. and Bah Fuller Lyngdoh Mawnai, who was not present at the door of God.
The training was code-named 'Hand-in-Hand 2013'. The 50 days training also included the training of the perpetrators, how to identify the perpetrators. it doesn’t hurt and to catch them.
“Following this, we have requested the Minister of Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs on 27th November, 2023 and at the High Level Meeting under your chairmanship and decided that no action will be taken. tohmet sha members are not allowed.
New Delhi, July 25: The Union Government today announced the 126 winners of the Padma Awards 2022. Dr Badaplin War of Meghalaya has been selected for the award. reading and writing.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has sent 15 shooters to the shooting competition held at Guwahati, Assam.
The complaint has been registered at Madanriting Police Station C/ No.113(9) 22 u/s 21(b)/25/27/29 IPC. In the past few months, many drug traffickers have been arrested.
I'm sorry if I'm an Executive Member.
Better sanitation facilities also have the potential to improve the waste generated from these activities.
On the other hand, the CEM said that during the meeting, they demanded the resignation of the Chief General Manager of MCCL and at the same time the appointment of a committee of inquiry to find out the truth why the company. government arrives at this problem.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: One of the bridges in the Umsiang River, the bridge leading to Umkra village, has been flooded this morning. This bridge is a bridge made of wood.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister in his speech said that there are other demands from other parts of the state and it depends on the availability of funds. This is the District's request.
Hundreds of people from the border areas with Bangladesh have gone to the office of the SDO Civil of Sohra Civil Sub Division to register their names for the electoral roll.
NESO strongly opposes the influx of Bangladeshis and their opposition is that they do not distinguish whether they are Hindu or Muslim, they are against Bangladeshis.
Once again, he urged and reminded Bah PN Syiem, MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC and especially the MDCs within the Hima Mylliem, on the letter dated 11th August 2015 and 8th March The Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States, urged the KHADC authorities to end these appointments of Acting Syiem and to arrange and bring in a full Syiem, in order to give the rights of the Khun u Thousand within the The Hima Mylliem to have a Dorbar Hima Mylliem with the participation of the children of the Hima and to have the annual report of the Hima Mylliem under the KHADC Mylliem Syiemship Act I shall not hold the Hima Dorbar once a year.
New Delhi, July 19: The COVID-19 vaccination program across the country has been running smoothly for the fourth day as well.
The reception will be held at the State Convention Center to ensure that the rules and regulations laid down by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District are followed. .
Shillong, Nailar 07: The BSF today said that within the last 24 hours, they have seized 85 cows from the border between Khasi Jaintia and Bangladesh.
The General Secretary of the MSOA, Bah Finely Pariat, said that the State Government has approved the budget for the 5k, 10k and 21k races. lakh to 2 lakh rupees.
The death toll has risen to 1563 in East Khasi Hills District, while the total number of deaths has risen to There are 97 people admitted to hospitals.
Ration distributors who are currently in charge of ration distribution should submit a certificate from the Inspector, Metrological Department, Nongstoin and a certificate from the Office of Food. Safety Officer, Nongstoin.
“Those who don't want this are those who don't have the Khasi spirit to destroy the nation.
In this regard, on the 8th of this month, the union had met with the chiefs of BSF to discuss the infiltration of foreign authorities into the village.
The union strongly condemns and demands that the law enforcement authorities should investigate and punish those involved in this crime, said Tentines Swer. President.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The two-day session of the 20th Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (India Region Zone III) held at the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya concluded today with the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan as the chief guest. .
Shillong, Lber 03: Since 2003, the Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong has been awarding Vocational Awards to individuals or groups who have worked hard for the community. in any direction.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that people should beware of such political parties which inherit power and steal from the youth to provide jobs.
Shillong, July 11: The BJP today appointed Bah AL Hek as the Convener of the Election Campaign Committee.
Shillong, November 16: Has the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma played politics with the people of Meghalaya regarding the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme before the state goes to the elections? to the sixth session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Eastern West Khasi Hills won 7 medals, including 3 gold, 3 silver and 1 bronze.
New Delhi, Dec 23: The Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship has the responsibility to coordinate all aspects related to skill development in the country, addressing the shortage of skilled personnel, meeting the needs of vocational and technical training,, the introduction of new skills, and a new way of thinking in the past and in the future.
On this occasion, as part of the joint efforts on the call of the Chief Minister of the State Government, Conrad K Sangma to donate to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) for COVID-1
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at a vehicle accompanying the head of NEEPCO at Demthring under the jurisdiction of Madanriting Police Station.
Shillong, July 10: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has inspected the road from Maesynram to Sandi Syntien.
Congratulating the football team which won the Khelo India Youth Games, the Chief Minister said that the team has made the state proud and added, “They have become the winners and this shows “The talent that we have and that they can achieve their goals if we are determined and put the goals first,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The 2019 MP elections will be held tomorrow morning across India and also in Meghalaya which has two MP constituencies.
Shillong, Lber 20: The KSU Mawlai Circle and the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle have donated a small amount of money to the 47th Anniversary of the KSU Mawlai Circle. this day.
After the inspection, she sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD in charge of the PMGSY Nongstoin roads to send for the construction of the roads. Thain is happy to leave you.
South Garo Hills and North Garo Hills are the two districts where no cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, July 15: The State Government has invited church leaders to attend a meeting convened by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to discuss the fight against the war. drugs in the State and has allocated T.10 crore per annum to be used for this purpose.
On the part of the principals of these schools, they expressed their gratitude to Bah Rani and his team who have been able to provide them with computers.
After this, a public meeting was opened where everyone was given the opportunity to express their views and everyone was given 2 minutes to speak.
New Delhi, Lber 07: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu has awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Awards for the years 2022 and 2023 to 91 prominent performers in the field of performing arts at a function held today. This was announced at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
At this meeting, it was also informed that through the collaboration with the Rotary Club Shillong, two COVID-19 treatment centers have been set up in the constituency, one at St Jospeh School Pynthorbah and one at Nongmynsong. three bedrooms.
The staff of the office have decided to clean the surroundings of the office twice a year.
The residents of Mawliehpoh have arrested the suspect on charges of being a menshohnoh.
The lack of scholarships for the students for one year has created problems for them and especially for the students who come from low income families as it is also the time when they have to pay the class fees for the year 2024.
Jowai, July 27: The Dorbar Ki Dolloi held on 25th January 2013, after receiving a briefing from Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, Khasi State, has decided to appear publicly at the Fourth and Fourth National Assembly on February 13, 2013, at Mairang, Khadsawphra Hima/Nongkhlaw.
Praising the heroes of Meghalaya - Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, Prof Atanu Banerjee, Dean of Students, NIT Meghalaya, Shillong said that through the photographs displayed at the this exhibition.
There are 50 villages in this block and the farthest villages are Mawlidor and Ratachera, and there are other villages which are farther away. that you don't have money.
At the same time, he congratulated the KSU Shnongpdeng Unit for being able to serve and seek assistance for the needy people in the village.
The deceased was identified as Balmit Marak, a resident of Rongchekgre, East Garo Hills District.
Now that the people of the state are in dire straits, the government should take responsibility,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen exploration and extraction of these elusive minerals.
: Members of KSU Malki Circle on Tuesday closed down the office of Swiggy Company at Nongmalki Road after the beating of six Khasi children who have worked for a long time in the company without any compensation. reason enough.
The child did not want to lodge a complaint because they were friends but the police forced him.
Speaking to reporters, one of the teachers of the school, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that at the meeting held today, they have decided to start the training for the students this month. to come.
On the other hand, the Minister said that she has no knowledge of the allegation against her because she has just completed her duties. Ampareen denied the mark sheet and said she had no knowledge.
Ampareen, who is the spokesperson for the state government, said that she will soon discuss the issue with the Chief Minister and also to discuss the meeting with the VPP leaders. She said that she has not yet announced whether the government can re-appoint these members in the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Recalling the longdien of the party who are the mait shrah of the party, they have given their best to develop and maintain the lyngkha which has been planted for 25 years with difficulties.
The bus number 06P018289K collided with another vehicle while the dumper truck number ML05-T-1021 collided with another vehicle.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Commander Shangpliang, said that the party congratulates the government on this announcement but the most important thing is that the government should not issue a statement. government announcement.
On this occasion, a ball toss was also held in the name and honor of the President of the Bam Kwai Seng at the door of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh.
Pohshna added that no one should be blamed because this is a disease that affects the whole world, but there should be a spirit of working together so that we can eradicate this disease in the country. region and the state as a whole.
The CEM said the EC has decided and intends to set up a laboratory so that the Khasi medicine practitioners can store their medicines at this place so that they will be clean. suspicious and will not have any effect on health.
In this regard, such an institute known as a Block Institute of Education and Training Centre.
The District Magistrate has informed that vehicles with registration numbers ending in 1,3,5,7,9 are allowed to travel only on Tuesdays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, while vehicles with registration numbers ending in Vehicles with Registration Numbers ending in 0, 2,4,6,8 are allowed to travel only on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
to increase the price of materials to meet the needs of the present era
Two independent candidates are Prof. Lakhon Kma and Peter Challam.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Army Flower Exhibition which started on the 25th of this month has ended today in Shillong. u year.
Ebina Nongkhlaw said that there are more than 3000 domestic workers who have joined the union and since 2018 the union has expressed its grievances to the prime minister, but until now The state government has not taken any action on this demand of the union.
In this age, 'the righteous shall be cut off', while 'the wicked shall be honored and exalted by all'
The child was injured and is undergoing treatment at the hospital, police said.
The desire to improve and restructure the way we work, among others.
The Minister of Home Affairs appreciated the efforts of the Assam Rifles to change its working methods to suit the present era.
The Government of India has needed to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of the country according to the demand of the time.
The Cabinet has approved to increase the salary of teachers in the fields of Secondary School Leaving Certificate, Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate and Science teachers by T.9000/- from what they are currently receiving.
Congress leaders Mahendra Karma and Godi Madwani were killed in the massacre, while former Union Minister VC Shukla was seriously injured.
“The HYC leader also said that the HYC has requested the Government to implement the PIT-NDPS Act.
The word thoh also refers to the use of soap in milk to cure those who are sick or sick due to being soaked by people in front of them and when milk is used with shun.
The Seng also informed that the Dorbar Shnong KOR has not approved the Shelter Home and it was established during the COVID-19 pandemic as a Temporary Shelter Center but now it has turned into another.
After the arrival of the search and rescue team, the body of the youth was recovered at 9 pm this morning.
On this occasion, the BWWA donated relief goods to the elderly and discussed how it is in terms of health care.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the state government should talk to the central government to talk to the Bangladesh government on this issue. to open the 38 border markets which were closed after the independence of India.
The Delhi Police team will be headed by Additional DCP Sandhya Swami.
The issue of lack of CUET examination centers will be a priority so that our students do not lose their right to study.
In his speech, Br Vairagyachaitanya welcomed all the participants, which was also the 104th part of the Computer Training and the 42nd part of the English Language Training.
The KSU has urged to expedite the construction of the road to the area which has been allocated under the PMGSY scheme from Wahkaji to Nongrynniang.
At this public meeting, he spoke on the PMGSY road construction schemes where many of the villages in the rural areas in Garo Hills have not yet received roads.
Political Affairs Secretary, Bikdot Nikjang Marak, in a statement today, said that Dr Mukul Sangma is an unreliable person and the killing of Balsan is a tragedy. “It is for this reason that the party demands that the CBI should investigate and the post mortem should be conducted at AIIMS,” said Bikdot.
The campaign started from Nongthymmai, Police Point Laitumkhrah, Garikhana, Rilbong Point Motphrah and ended at Khyndailad. Shillong.
Referring to Mawlai, he urged the government to expedite the construction of the Mawlai By Pass and said that the contractor who built this road does not listen even to the engineers if There is no reason to terminate your contract in order to speed up the work.
If the rules are not followed as demanded by the various groups, the Vice-Chancellor will be accused of trying to protect the perpetrator.
Managing Director WAM Booth, MCCL General Manager K Lyngdoh and other officers of the dewbilat factory met and took part in the discussion.
India will also hold a Ministerial Meeting on Anti-Corruption to further implement the G20 agenda to boost the fight against corruption.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, has announced in the House that the election for the Chairman of the House will be held on the 6th of this month. The election will be held tomorrow at 12 noon.
Instead of the Hima and Shnongs of Hynniewtrep to celebrate the Independence Day of India on the 15th of July which is not the Independence Day of Hynniewtrep, they should celebrate the birth anniversary of this hero. It was named 'Wickliffe King Day' who was born on the same date, April 15,
Also present on the occasion were JJ Kylla, Chairperson of the CWC of Ri Bhoi District, officials of the Social Welfare Department and DCPU. Pynthor, Umkteh, Mawlendep and Umktehpdeng and many other prominent personalities were present.
These 40 persons deposited the money at post offices and banks in the names of persons who did not exist.
The union said that if there is any mass protest again which could affect the peace and order in the state, the government itself will have to take responsibility, according to a statement sent by the union. Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Working President, FKJGP Central Body.
The Chief Minister said that it is easy to point fingers, there was a time when Meghalaya was ranked 28th in terms of unemployment but now it is ranked 28th in terms of unemployment. Fourthly, the Prime Minister has asked whether this is a failure or a victory.
Speaking to reporters, JAC Leader H.Rumnong said that the meeting with the Minister was on two issues, the Mawlai Sub-Station where some contractors have received the contracts. since 2019 where the jobs were awarded in April 2019, but on 3rd October 2020 the job certificates received were cancelled.
The discussions focused on how to improve the security of the border and to have an understanding between the two sides and the BSF said that this meeting was a success as many issues have been resolved. tidy.
The escape of prisoners from prison in Jowai shows that there has been a robbery, but what they have done to the prisoners who have escaped from prison is not pleasant. it is so poor that there is no more obedience to the law.
Shillong, Niawieng 02: U AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya today inaugurated a meeting on MSMEs convened by the State Bank of India at Yojana Bhavan. He said that there are many ways to improve the village.
The value of these drugs seized from this place is T.49 thousand tyngka.
Special prizes were also awarded to the students in the presence of other dignitaries.
If the police cannot arrest the perpetrators within a day, the investigation should be handed over to the CBI/NIA," the CWC demanded. to protect against injury and robbery by the Meghalaya intelligence agencies against the citizens of Meghalaya.
Since 1988, the party has opposed the government's plan to destroy the jaidbynriew and will continue to oppose it until the government thinks again to pass strong laws to protect us.
More than 30 lakh withdrawal cases have been completed in the 2023-24 fiscal year.
It was through the hard work of India to defeat Pakistan in 1971 and through this victory against Pakistan that East Pakistan was liberated into present-day Bangladesh.
At the same time, domestic workers have been directed to get vaccinated, those who do not have ID cards should contact the incident commander, doctors and Rangbah Shnong to get vaccinated. DC East Khadi Hills District District Councillor Isawanda Laloo said.
Three of these four trucks fled despite the BSF ordering them to stop. The BSF chased them away. In this chase, the drivers of the trucks left their vehicles in the road. road bd fled to the forest.
Besides these demands, they also set a rule to renew the salaries of employees and others, as well as to invite more jobs in banks.
In the coming months we will be able to achieve more and more the aspirations of the people,” said Prestone.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tourist Blah, President of Grade IV, said that the deadline for the government is from March 29th and will end on January He said that because there are too many holidays in these months, they want the government to appoint jobs as soon as possible.
Jessica Kharbithai, 36, who died inside her home, was ready to accompany her family members to collect the body of Jessica Kharbithai, 36 years old. cause of suffering.
With the opening of this block, Ri Bhoi District will have four blocks, while Umroi C&RD Block will be divided into Umsning C&RD Block.
After the BSF has completed the arrangements, they have handed over the case to the Rongra Police Station for legal action regarding the seized sugar.
After the discussions with the government, the final reply he received from the Meghalaya government was that it will not be able to issue the recognition. lakhs of rupees in the preparation of the scheme.
However, most of the ASHAs receive only less than T.1500 per month and have never received this T.2000 tyngka. to their work.
On the other hand, the BJP supporters from Nongstoin Constituency have seen that after the death of Ma Ieit Hopingston Lyngdoh, the Nongstoin Constituency has been left without a child, but the birth of Dr Herbert has encouraged the people. , because he was one of the elders of the area, he was well known in the world.
It was the sacrifice of Bah Chester and thousands of other men and women soldiers of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo together with the elders and women that brought about the independence of Meghalaya.
This year, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, only the dancer and two of her followers were allowed to enter the Weiking Square, while the public was not allowed to attend. shad this year.
The 50 musari distributed by the church group today is only for the poor families and especially the children.
The District Council of KHADC has organized a festival at Mawphlang to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khasi people under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. custom of the nation.
He congratulated the organizers for continuing this third kur ball tournament.
The Seng has strongly warned the Longkmie Gas Agency not to reduce the number of cylinders to deliver to the homes of the residents of Laban area.
He said that there are nine companies in Meghalaya to train youth in jobs, of these seven companies are from outside Meghalaya and only one from this state is Don Bosco Technical. School, Shillong.
The Seng understands that the illegal trade and labor affects the trade and wages of the indigenous people.
For the first time through the request of the Saiñpynïar of the Seng Kur Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri has donated food items for the month and a shisong of clothes along with the money donated by some Rangbah Kur and to India Every Home Crusade.
Such developments have been accompanied by the promotion of drone-related activities and the opening up of opportunities in the space sector for individuals and private entities, along with the launch of 5G in India.
On this occasion, the KSU Village Authority (KSU) distributed blankets, dabor and rice to 20 households in Umthlong, Nongthliew and surrounding villages. households affected by the cyclone on 27/03/2
It is the duty of everyone to make their children successful in their education.
When it comes to peace and stability, the first part is that there should be no loss of life. There will be those who will not accept this action of the government. to bomb tied them where the government wants to talk to the people to protect the lives of the people and at the same time the government has a basis on which they stand which means they should not listen.
The BJP office bearers who were expelled by the President today are Silenstar Rani, Stining S Nongbri, Comfort Dolloi, Ebinel Dkhar, Broster Laloo and Banri Lapang.
Herbert Joe will be the first Father from St. Francis Xavier Parish Nongkhlaw, the first OCD Father from among the Khasi, Meghalaya and Northeast India as a whole.
Shillong, November 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today informed the public that those who have been invited to attend the public meeting held by the North Eastern Council to attend the attendance of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. Modi should arrive at 9.30 pm.
This problem is not only in Meghalaya, but in India and the world but the condemnation of the HYC against the MLA and MDC is very wrong.
Not only that, there has also been a receipt of special funds for roads through the Special Area Program of BAD Road under PWD and the expenditure through this has also reached Rs.1950.79 crore.
“If the village finds any violators, it will take strong action and hand them over to the law enforcement authorities,” he added.
The 4th Conference was concluded with the launching of the flag by the Spiritual Director of Sohblei Sylvester Synrem along with the singing of the Anthem.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday said that drug traffickers are not responsible for the spread of COVID-1
“It is not necessary to hurry, but it is enough if they go to the NCERT,” said the President of MRDSTA. teachers or experts who may be brought in for the benefit of the state when they publish new textbooks.
However, these safety measures alone are not enough for the safety of the passengers on this road.
The speakers on this occasion spoke on the rules and regulations of driving on the road. Those who came to take part in this occasion were the drivers from the area as well as the residents of the village. The Sordar of Smit Village, Bah KM Smit and the Madanryting Police Station were present on the occasion.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that in urban areas, for Class-I to Class V, online classes will be available for Class VI to Class V. VIII is allowed to go to schools for assistance, for classes IX to XII it is allowed to attend classes.
In English, Catherine Lymba of Synod Higher Secondary School won the first prize and Ritilin Mawlong of Shillong College won the second and third prizes respectively.
The MPCA also recalls that on 24th July, 2017, a Bench of 9 judges of the Supreme Court, issued a clear RAI, that the highest right is The Right to Privacy is a right under the Constitution of India enshrined in Article 21 of the Constitution. not private.
Shillong, July 13: Three MLAs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Process T Sawkmie, Reniktone L Tongkhar, Shilang Pale, Mayralborn Syiem and Lambor Malngiang have resigned from the post of MLA. to join the UDP when the Election Commission of India announces the elections.
It has been 11 months since the NHM has been running the project and the works are going smoothly and we see that there is no problem for the Government to run the project itself.
These households are poor households and many of them have BPL Card which has distinguished them from the poorest in the villages. This is why there are still many such houses in Meghalaya.
At the same time, in a statement sent today, the new traffic rules in the Polo area were not explained. the public will be pleased to be patient.
Speaking to SP New Agency, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that in fact, they have already discussed within the government that the vehicles carrying agricultural products should be released from wherever they come. Your bag is from Meghalaya.
In fact, they should have given them enough time, not even a month or two because to register for more than a year, Karuna should have given them the opportunity, but this will affect them and this will affect their income as a family.
The highest increase in MSP compared to the previous year was for oilseed and pulses or nigerseed (T.983/- per quintal) followed by sesamum (T.632/- per quintal). bad turnover/revenue (T.550/- per quintal).
Shillong, November 03: It is surprising to know that the fare from Nongpoh to Shillong and from Shillong to Nongpoh is higher than the fare charged by the drivers. earn.
This is to accelerate through technology the provision of emergency assistance to the people in need of treatment and to protect the lives of the people in the state.
The competition was judged by B. Latam, P. Warjri and W. Nongsiej.
“MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
It is to be recalled that the call for talks came after the party and the village of Sonapyrdi together with the people of Huroi, Hingaria, Lejri, Myrli and others came out to express their strong opposition to the camp. on June 26, 2024.
However, Nangkiew Irat are the least prolific scorers in SPL 2023 – they have averaged just one goal per game and this continued today.
Hima Rambrai, border area, in fact should have set up police stations but has removed them and intends to bring in insurgents.
Out of the seven MDC constituencies, the UDP will nominate Bah HS Shylla, former CEM of KHADC, while the seven other candidates will be decided tomorrow at the meeting of the KHADC. you party.
The event was organized by the Ampati Arts and Cultural Society in collaboration with the District Administration.
As an MCS, Donny served as EAC, BDO, ADC, Project Director of DRDA and Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya until his death.
Ltd in collaboration with the DoSEL, SSA-SEMAM of the Government of Meghalaya has launched the Holistic Child Development Program as part of the launch of the “Adopt a School” Programme.
The KSU also empowers all the departments under the jurisdiction of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit to be vigilant and take the necessary action when finding such people.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) West Jaintia Hills District today said that through RTI received from the office of the District Medical Health Officer of Jowai, the 19 years without following the rules.
However, after the change within the party where Bah KP Pangniang was appointed as the president of the party, Bah LG Nongsiej has decided to return to the party. Shillong, November 07: U Bah Joh Kharshiing, Acting Syiem of Mylliem and the KHADC today congratulated the Hima Dorbar of Mylliem at Madan Polo.
The four suspects were identified as Pradip Gogoi, 38, Tulan Phukan, 36, Pranjal Gogoi, Deep Das, 28, is from Assam.
The meeting was conducted by the Judge of KHADC, Bah S.Kharsyiemlieh. The speakers were Rev R.Imiong from the Church of God. New Delhi, Naiwieng 01: The Ministry of Mines and Mineral Resources (MDC) has continued to encourage mining activities. throughout India.
Dr Mukul not only attended the ceremony but also took part in the dance by playing the ksing and dha along with the elders who took part in the three day Wangala festival.
The Seng also expresses its readiness to cooperate with the State Government authorities on issues related to land vendors in order to bring about cleanliness, cleanliness and beauty in the City and the State and at the same time to protect and improve the livelihood and livelihood of market vendors.
This method developed by the CSIR-CCMB is slightly different from the existing RT-PCR test method and can increase the throughput of tests by 2 to 3 times without the need for equipment. new money.
Of these, three are from Meghalaya.
Currently, she works at Frank Yamaha's two-wheeler dealership as a mechanic, whose job is to maintain, repair, or repair scooties and bikes.
They were identified as Helary Mynsong, 18, Vikram Kumar Das, 20 and a 15-year-old boy.
There should be adequate police forces in these areas, it is useless to deploy police forces only in front and behind the leaders, send them to serve and protect the people who have been given the authority to be present. in this position.
The employees who come to work at the site should come with the necessary documents according to the rules and regulations, to ensure that the benefit should be for the benefit of the state especially the people of Jaintia Hills.
Zenith said the government should remember that the talks between the Chief Ministers of the two states have been held in the past years and there are writings and when there are talks it should be looked at. what has been discussed in the past.
Agatha K Sangma today filed her nomination in front of the Returning Officer of the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency in the presence of her party supporters.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said the government has decided to complete the project on time. of India India, today.
“I urge all the residents to refrain from coming to Shillong or Nongpoh, those who come to Shillong and those who go to Nongpoh are only those who have jobs and cannot avoid,” said Symbut Myntri Rangbah. state.
The increase in the number of drug users and traffickers in the State has increased significantly and has caused a lot of panic among the people in the State. and the demand for money from the people which can also lead to insecurity in the movement of the people and can also affect the peace and order in the State.
About 150 youths from the area attended the meeting. Mange Ram, Director, DCIC Shillong gave a speech. EWKH District General Manager A Mawlong is the General Manager of EWKH District.
He said that as Japan needs up to 5000 nurses to work in the country and wants nurses from the North East, it is on this basis that two Nursing Colleges have been opened in Guwahati to allow nurses to work in the country. students in addition to speaking the language of the world, English, should also learn Japanese.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the mother who threw the baby.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Kong L. Syiemlieh, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer. The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri and the Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village, Bah K. Dkhar.
To discuss the building laws, parking spaces, the installation of toilets in the city streams, the installation of ATMs on the streets without parking spaces, many shops without parking spaces along the roads. traffic jam.
These children, who are only boys, come from the neighboring villages of Jowai as well as from the city of Jowai.
The National President of the party Sharad Pawar will arrive in the state in the second month of November to attend the party meeting, but the venue has not been announced yet. from Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 12: There are 35 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 3 in East Jaintia Hills, 10 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills. In Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills
Another company, SS Food Industries, has deposited T.56210 per kilogram and T.56.21/- per kilogram.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) through the BBC has appealed to all countries of the world to be well prepared to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus. which to date has worked on 77,150 people in China alone and 2592 deaths; in South Korea and Italy it has worked well and elsewhere.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, through the Central TB Division, has launched a campaign ) on the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (PMTBMBA) where the community was encouraged to accept TB patients and support them by providing food, employment opportunities jam, providing support for six months or a longer period of up to three years.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: There are many words that cannot be avoided and those that still have their original languages.
Kohli also alleged that the Congress party wants to create ethnic differences, and this has been made clear by the Congress Committee set up specifically to promote minority religions in this election. The Congress has been in power for the past few days.
To provide reports on the progress of the implementation of the functions of the District Level Team for the prevention of the entry of foreigners into the District and others.
The Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister has taken this decision to encourage people to engage in pig farming and to ensure that Meghalaya can supply its own pig meat. it will prevent the flow of money out of state.
On the other hand, Bah Alan West, Member of the Coordination, said that the festival will be different and to make the festival more interesting, other Himas will be invited. I have never participated in the Monolith Festival in the past.
In the past 10 days, 2098 people have been tested positive for COVID-19, 59 people have died and the total number of cases has risen to 191 and the death toll has risen to 5 per day. Most of the deceased have suffered from other illnesses and the age of the deceased is between 20 and 20 years old. For 50 years, despite the lockdown, many people have been infected with the disease.
The protest was called after the promise of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a rally in Silchar, Assam that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 will be implemented soon. It is a statement that shows that he does not care at all about the small paid indigenous people of the North East.
The government has called a meeting to discuss how to bring peace and the government has taken all necessary measures to ensure that peace and order will be restored.
He said about 8 lakh of these people are between 18 and 25 years of age.
After the formation of the new government, I have the opportunity today to address you all from the Red Fort.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The JSU Shillong Circle has requested the owners of houses to forgive the 10 month rent for the poor students and not to delay them to pay the rent immediately.
Meghalaya has been exempted 97% from the CAA, 2019, but the government wants to exempt the state from the CAA, 2019 100%.
At this meeting, it was also announced that the KHADC will start a training center for the youth to train them in the jobs they do. The purpose of the training is to ensure that the youth are employers and not job seekers.
Meanwhile, the SBI office found that there are more than 40 employees and none of them have proper documents to work in the state.
The DC said that the illegal coke plants are located at Nonglangpar (Kyllonmathei) at the coordinates (i) 032912 (iv ). .9051718 (ix) 25.5146671, 90.9067402 (x) 25.5177594, 90.9006992 (xi) 25.5191951, 90.9023759 (xii) 248.325 , 90.9009416 bad (xiii) 25.5212888, 90.8993075.
The date of publication of the draft Electoral Roll will be on 10-10-2016, the date of inclusion and withdrawal of names or complaint or inclusion of names will be on 25-10-2 The acceptance or rejection of applications or complaints will be on 15-11-2016, and the complete electoral roll will be issued on 18-11-2
The training aims to ensure the smooth integration of all training and education programs in the North East with other major Medical Institutions across India.
Jowai NEC Division has received T.125 lakh for the construction of the road to Tongseng village, T.119.7200 lakh for the construction of roads within Tluh village. Tuber-Business construction T.387 lakh.
The Forest Department has released these numbers after the destruction of many trees in Shillong, especially in Mawlai.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body, after receiving many complaints from the DC, has announced in the media on 17th-11-2016 that they have to download the job applications. E-Admit Card can be downloaded from www.westjaintihills.
She also noted that Para 2 of the Policy needs to be amended by deleting the provision that carries forward vacancies.
They will have full opportunities in support and opposition.
The Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar strongly condemns such a person who is not a Secretary. He is only a member of the Kur. He who is not recognized by the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar, dares to use force and convene the Kur Dorbar without the consent of the Rangbah.
Promotion of new cooperatives, revival of those that are on the verge of extinction, promotion of cooperative cooperation, increase of members, promotion of cooperatives for sustainable economic development, solving problems in different regions and looking at new opportunities.
The death toll has risen to 1479 with one death from East Khasi Hills District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle said that this year the HYC has not been able to hold any program related to the anniversary of the HYC or in memory of Tirot Sing Syiem through other programmes. .
The protest was held against him for visiting Pakistani Army Chief Col.
At the same time, the JSU and JYF leaders urged the DC and the State Government to appoint an independent inquiry into this matter to get accurate information.
The parties will hold a meeting in the coming days before the sub-committee and the sub-committee will meet on the first day and on that day a decision will be taken. candidate MP to Rajya Sabha.
This survey was conducted across the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Shillong, June 16: The Vice President of India, M.Venkaiah Naidu in his address to the students of IIM Shillong, on Tuesday congratulated the students of IIM Shillong. He urged them to have a good attitude at the ceremony which was held today at the school in Nongthymmai.
This statement is essential in the renewable source electricity industry and the world has accepted this.
At this meeting, they could not take any decision regarding the gate at Mawshabuit although the meeting lasted more than two hours to discuss the issue. hura caused by the closing of the gate.
Speaking to the media, she said that at the time of the bomb she did not know anyone and she felt that her head had fallen. .
Most of the players of this club are from West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi.
This Card is valid only for one year and after one year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The North Eastern Hill University today held a ceremony to honor the students who graduated from the Convocation XXV at the Convocation XXV. Tathagata Roy was the chief guest and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was the chief guest.
The death toll from the disease since the outbreak in the state has risen to 1590. The death toll from districts is 7 in East Garo Hills, 37 in East Jaintia Hills, 1074 in East Khasi Hills and 1074 in Eastern West. Khasi Hills 8, North Garo Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 97, South Garo Hills 13, South West Garo Hills 20, South West Khasi Hills 20, West Garo Hills 80, West Jaintia Hills 139, West Khasi Hills 76 cases.
Police have registered a case under Section 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act against the suspect at Mairang Police Station. the Investigating Officer under Section 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
