These new frames known as Switchers Frames from Titan Eye Plus are the best products for the public, and they also match the shape of the eyes and enhance the wear. The frames are not manufactured by this company at any time.
The President of the HSPDP gave the example of coal since the NGT was dissolved, the state has not been able to issue licenses or even create a policy for the mining of mineral resources. permission to trade.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced its candidates for the 2018 MLA election.
When inspecting, it was found that 22 water pipes with a diameter of 65 mm have been lost from the area. There is no hand in the stealing of these pipes even though the residents have already complained.
The distribution of medicines was from Robert Hospital Shillong to Motphran. The distribution of medicines was in the most crowded areas such as shops, hospitals and churches between these places. .
Shillong Lajong FC has sent younger players this time and the club hopes to be the winner again in this match.
Other new MLAs are Sngewbhalang Dhar, while others who won the last election are Zenith Sangma, brother of Chief Minister Clement Marak, Deborah CH Marak and Roshan Warjri.
During the raid, police searched a vehicle number AS 01 EK 2105 and seized 57 grams of heroin hidden inside the vehicle. AS 01 EL 8415 was seized from the police.
He said that so far they have registered 86 cases.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96551 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94850 have recovered and 1619 have died. .
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, East Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Three MDCs from the PDF, five from the UDP, four from the NPP, three from the HSPDP, one from the KHNAM and one from the independent MDC have formed the KHDA to dissolve the Executive Committee under the banner of PDA under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM. In the CEM election, Bah HS Shylla won easily after the MDCs supporting the PDA (PDF and Congress) did not come to the House to hold the CEM election. The PDA MDCs have not come out to take part in the Dy Chairman election after Bah Morning Mawsor, has withdrawn from the contest for the post.
After reaching an agreement with M/s AC Builder, the government has awarded the contract to M/s Astra Construction, but the same problem has arisen with this company. The Crowbrough Hotel has been in trouble outside the court where the government has had to pay T.1.2 crore to the company to get back the house. Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha, on Tuesday urged the public to attend the DigiDhan Mela. on the 7th to raise awareness among the public regarding the use of the authorities in relation to the payment of taxes in the market.
Shillong, March 11: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the Congress party should look into the issues in the party and not blame the NPP. Conrad said that the Congress should not blame others when the party leaders flee because it cannot. to control it, its own people, to blame others has no basis.
Cherry Blossom Festival organizers have had to cancel all programs on the opening day of the festival due to heavy rainfall due to cyclone Midhili Kurkalang, Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, the union understands that if the central government establishes any school in any area, the purpose is to develop and improve the education of the villagers of that area and also to provide you're going to jam them.
Modi said the rationale of this budget includes – expansion of opportunities for development, new opportunities for the youth, looking after the skills of the people, having and assistance to new businesses so that they can grow.
As part of the efforts to raise awareness and provide more detailed information, the Eastern Air Command today inaugurated a three-day training known as 'Nabhas Rahat' which was held in Upper Shillong.
Bah Staising Kharbteng said that as the spirit of cooperation and obedience to the leaders among the players is on the field, let this spirit take root in the society as well as for the development in all aspects by immediately break the desire for honor and respect for others.
Speaking to media at his office today, the Minister in charge of Forest Department, on the opposition of the people to the request of Star Cement to take more land in Brichyrnot, said: The minister said that it should be done according to the rules.
The organization will now start training the youth of the state in this field.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep Village, Ribhoi District, Bah Jinu Kharbuki, has demanded that the state government should issue an order directing all colleges to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) in the state. Meghalaya.
To meet the needs of the residents in urban areas and large villages, the government has implemented various schemes received from the central government such as AMRUT in Williamnagar, NESIDS scheme which is DoNER has been implemented in Sohra and Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Following the riots in Manipur, the Meghalaya government has taken all necessary measures to evacuate the students from the state. The first group of 66 people flew to Guwahati.
The EJNC has said that India is free to serve the people. The EJNC requests you to support the request of the EJNC to reopen places of worship and churches. This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Hynri Siangshai.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle today met with the Longkmie Gas Agency at Laban Lastop after receiving a complaint from the residents of Laban area regarding the shortage of gas. to Tyndong Gas for 10 years.
In this meeting, the party could not decide whether to continue or stop the protest because they don't know what will happen if others do the same. GVK, on ​​this occasion, the union will hold a public meeting and inform the government of the decision of the 108 employees.
“This is a prayer that the priest can pray himself without taking the prayer of the Church.
The total cost of this will be T.50 crore.
Kmen Myrshiang General Secretary of the CCIB said that the CEM of KHADC has made it clear that he cannot promise anything yet and he will have to look into the records regarding this. job, but the promise that was made was that he would be available for the people.
Shillong, July 05: The Hynniewtrep Women's Association (KKHA) has urged the residents of Shillong to be vigilant when walking and standing. pla in the fields and in the marketplace as well.
Perhaps you can't call it a scientific city.
The President said that let us encourage peace, not struggle, there should be dialogue and understanding in any issue.
Shah said we must move forward with the determination to achieve Narendra Modi's vision of making every poor and happy person rich through cooperation before
The disease has also claimed the life of a man from Tura West Garo Hills after he suffered a brain hemorrhage due to the severity of Dengue.
Shillong, November 10: The Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, on Tuesday said that the government needs to spend up to T.180 crore to run the cement factory. which the government will not.
(ii) During the multi-phase election period, no proposals shall be released within the prohibited period, as provided for in Article 126 of the Election Act. Paidbah, 1951, in all the stages of those elections.
He said that he is proud that it is only in Mairang that all the jobs have been done by the villagers from the khapsniuh to the officers.
The collapse of the land and even the loss of lives in our state and elsewhere, are things that we need to understand.
Regarding the Independent MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Julius K Dorphang, MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang wants to clarify more on the reply he gave today to the media. They asked their questions so as not to mislead the public that the MPCC has a bias.
“On the fair judgment of the Session Court, WJHD on the rape of this child by sentencing the sentence of Small Phawa, the AJYWO President, Bah MH Dkhar, said: AJYWO District Legal Service Authority, the Meghalaya High Court and all the lawyers who have worked hard day and night to represent the case. “It's a good idea to get the rights of a child,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The Lower Primary School in Damalgre C&RD Block, has been a great achievement as the LP School in the village was established in June 2017 and now they have The school building has been constructed at a cost of T.15 lakh which will be funded by the Border Area Development Department.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Director General of the Border Security Force (BSF), Subhas Joshi IPS, on Tuesday visited Meghalaya to visit the Border Security Force (BSF). In the border area of ​​India and Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Warjri Kur will celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the Dorbar Seng Kur Warjri which started with the Kur Dorbar held at Sohryngkham last year. writing, essays and poetry, dancing and singing and physical activities such as Football and Basketball.
Also present on the occasion were SS Niangti, Shaniahshkem Dkhar, Kwilnes Suchiang, Conard R Sana, Cherity Suja, Vice President of KSU Delhi Unit, Wallam Nongsiej and Speaking at the meeting, Samla SS Niangti said that the strength of the KSU and the presence of branches of the KSU across the Bri U Hynniewtrep has united the Jaitbynriew and will also destroy the Jaitbynriew. differences.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers Union (HPWU) today revived its office bearers at a meeting held today. today in Mawlai.
The father was taken to court today and registered under Section 302 IPC at Dawki Police Station.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: Four trucks were seized by BSF troops patrolling the border with Bangladesh on Tuesday night. and the tylpar was found without muid inside the car.
This group will be the advisor to the District Council on Customs and Traditions and a room has been allocated for them within the KHADC.
KUM's return as MDC was from the mid-term MDC elections in November 2016 from Nongkrem and in 2018 he was re-elected as CEM until the new elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Despite the tight security by the BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh, smugglers of cattle have smuggled cattle to Bangladesh from the Meghalaya border.
At this meeting, it was informed that if the government cannot open the entry and exit point at Umling on the 21st of this month, the civil society will go and open the point themselves.
After this tragic incident, the eye surgery which was scheduled to be held today has been postponed.
MN Nampui has sent a circular to all the departments to send their contractors to register their workers with the MBOCW welfare board so that they can assist the workers who are affected at any time. .
So far, 6,29,600 people have registered their Aaadhar numbers in Meghalaya.
The court has ordered the imprisonment of all shirts and a fine of 100 tyngka for violating the law under Section 302 IPC. The incident took place at one of the restaurants in Iew Tura.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya Youth Foundation (MYF) has sent a petition to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) of the Union Government through the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to demand that the Regional Office of the Meghalaya Youth Foundation (NCST) should be established. Shillong should be upgraded to Directorate for the North East.
Such words are the words – for the weaving of the clothes of the dorji, – for the leaf that produces umshkah when it is cleaned with the kinds of iit that have been cut for the purpose of cleaning the knife.
Speaking to reporters, Minister Marcuise Marak said that the department has sent for an investigation as soon as it receives a complaint from the HYC to verify this. the question is whether or not it is true.
The village has received information from the sports department that a tender for the stadium has already been called for Rs 21.40 crore, and the work will start soon.
“We would be pleased if the Central Government would appoint Joint Parliament Committees to visit the remote areas of Meghalaya and also to hold public hearings so that all can hear and know. to hear and see with their own eyes how the indigenous people here, especially those living in the rural areas, have lost their lives. or not the rights in relation to economic development which they deserve as full and backward citizens of India,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
According to Ryntathiang, the lyngkhot bitor was found in the food before he ate it. After that, he told the owner of the shop and he did not believe the information of the shopkeeper. “The owner has refused to come and see and I will inform the Sengbhalang about this to fight against it lest it cause harm and injury to other people who eat and drink in this shop,” he said.
The TP they issued talks about raising cows without milk, to use in agriculture, while their job is to cut. If the TP doesn't speak clearly, they will listen but they will send it to Bangladesh.
According to the target of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 50,000 children aged 9 months to 15 years in the district have been vaccinated. to educate the public to come forward to take this medicine.
He said that in other areas across the state, a Police Outpost will be set up to ensure that the residents will be protected. The area near the border of Assam will ensure that the people are protected from any tragic incident.
They have been selected to study through the state quota at the College of Agriculture, Manipur through the Department of Agriculture & Farmer's Welfare, Government of Meghalaya according to the announcement issued on 28-09-2 .
Shillong, July 07: The Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CHSO) has staged a protest in front of the BJP office at Bivar Road Shillong to protest against the speech of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi to enact the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
Donbor Dkhar Publicity Secretary of the HNYF said that they had asked to meet the Home Minister but Roshan Warjri had refused.
The meeting also discussed the issue of corruption and at the same time the insult to the farmers by the State Government which no one is looking after and now the farmers don't even get the medicines. fertilizers such as urea and others.
Baiaikara Swer laid it on for Donlad to take a running shot to make it 4-1
The State Permanent Citizenship Registration Act shall adopt the year 1971 as the year of registration.
By doing so, it will not pollute the river, where the residents of four villages and the city of Jowai get their drinking water from this river, without listening to the feelings of some people.
There are those who misunderstand the meaning of literature as written, then written; this is a strong way of thinking.
Furthermore, all these programs Seva Pakhwada program has been held as a sign of the continuation of the birthday celebration of Prime Minister Modi from 17th September to today 02/10/2
The award ceremony was held in Delhi in recent days.
The KHADC New Channel will be broadcast on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and social media so that the people from all over the country can get detailed information about the activities of the KHADC. the EC and KHADC are working.
The decision to nominate Dr W Kharlukhi as MP candidate to the Rajya Sabha is not a personal decision but the decision of the MDA party in which he is the chairman of the committee in which all government parties. The MDA has taken a decision to nominate Dr Kharlukhi.
Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC said that the prime minister should not forget that once a person has been convicted of any position, he is considered a criminal. Referring to the Chief Secretary of the state, he has been convicted. How can the Prime Minister distinguish between the HNLC and KS Kropha?
Prof. Ashoke K. Dutta, Member of the North Eastern Council, was the chief guest on the occasion to present the award to the students who have completed their studies from this institution.
The Minister said that at the time of their return, these people did not show any symptoms but the government has placed them in quarantine centers and has completed all three phases of tests. Today's result was positive.
She said she has received advice from these VPP leaders in this regard.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation to track down the suspects is ongoing.
The union also urges the District and Session Court of WJHD to expedite the application process for Birth Certificate as soon as possible so that the people will not suffer too much.
The Raid also welcomes all to take part in the Lakhempong festival and this was witnessed by the participation of other groups within the Raid Nongtung.
There are 29 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 183 cases in East Khasi Hills, 35 cases in North Garo Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in South Garo Hills and , South West Khasi Hills 43, West Garo Hills 90, West Jaintia Hills 71 and West Khasi Hills 27 total.
In the midst of all these incidents, Bah Warjri said that the Meghalaya government has remained silent, while the Assam government has suspended the construction of the road and this has prompted him to file a lawsuit. The case was filed in the High Court of Meghalaya.
It is necessary for the government to spend on strengthening the police force in the state due to the current state of peace and order in the state and there is a need to strengthen the workforce.
It is to be recalled that the opposition has not nominated a candidate to honor Bah Lamphrang Blah, the oldest MDC in the KHADC. July 25: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, today addressed the people of India on the eve of the Republic Day 2022 celebrations. the people of India.
All citizens have the equal right to participate in the development of the country, the community and the region.
This leadership is to travel students from one state to another.
He said that as the decision was taken in Delhi during the recent protest at Jantar Mantar, the party will not hesitate to meet with many MPs from the North East.
They also requested the drivers and passengers to temporarily stop working while the meeting is ongoing as part of their strong opposition to the government and UCIL's attempts to force the indigenous people.
K Sangma said the minister had denied the allegations in the media regarding the Meghalaya Energy Efficiency Private Limited, which was set up by the government.
He said that what we need now is not only to remember this Khla-wait of the country only through meetings and laying flowers, we should also strive to follow them. His footsteps as much as we can for the good of the country.
Chiefs of Army, Chiefs of Army, State Government, Freedom Fighters, Members of Civil Society Organizations, Students, NCC and Bharat Scots and Guides were present on the occasion.
At this meeting, the Cabinet decided to allow petrol pumps which has reached T.35 crore and the profit is about T.3 crore. the rest of the money.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 577. Of these, 54 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 39 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 11 cases from West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 3 people.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Bah Lamphrang Blah, Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in his congratulations to the members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) all around come to disturb.
On the other hand, the president said that within MeECL, there are those who work for 26 years but have not been recognized as full time employees of the corporation.
This is according to a statement by the Principal Secretary to the Government of GAD (A).
On the other hand, the village could not listen to the complaint and when it was burnt, it was found that it was burning. “It's been three months,” said Bah Marbud.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Shillong, on receiving a tip that there was a drug in the forest at Nongspung village, has raided and seized a drug at 2 pm. 8 pm today.
Police said the two arrested were identified as 26-year-old from Badarpur Karimganj and 31-year-old from Katigorah, Silchar.
The KSU also warned many institutions in Shillong not to lead the institution, said a statement sent by the KSU Bangalore.
According to the information received by the party, there are some people who are not from the Khasi-Pnar community who have Electoral Photo Identity Cards by taking the name of our indigenous people.
The disruption in their services can have a serious impact on the health and well-being of the people,” the statement said.
The Prime Minister said that due to the actions of the government in the past, synsar, lea tyrpad and sohmrit khlaw have been sold as commodities and this has put the farmers in trouble when The government has now removed the issue and will be treated as agricultural products where farmers can farm. die them at will.
If you want to ask questions, ask those who are there and those who are going.
Member of the Church Committee, Bah P.Ryngkhlem, in an interview with Batesi TV, said that the damage to the church has amounted to about T.1.5 crore.
The Mahotsav will have the participation of 250 weavers, farmers and entrepreneurs.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by Bah Donbok Dkhar today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. The government has increased the age limit for police officers to 37 years.
Shillong, May 31: The Border Security Force (BSF) has not only provided security but also provided assistance to the people on the border with Bangladesh. thie that thain hakiba bun side.
“As licensed aggregators, we are sad that we have to compete with others who are not licensed.
The Central Government has so far allocated T.400 crore and as the work progresses, more will be allocated.
On the HNLC's demand for amnesty, Bah Tynsong said, “We will be able to discuss these issues at the table.
Officials of the department said that they have already sent the same to the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and are waiting after the election to meet face to face with the ADC authorities to talk to them. to receive comments on this much-needed policy.
“We appeal to the public to cooperate in our efforts to provide better services to the public.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills Unit on Tuesday raided a shop of foreigners at Mawbang village, which is on the border. and Bangladesh.
The PM Gati Shakti Master Plan is a digital platform for the mapping of all the resources and logistics facilities in the country on a single Geographic Information System (GIS) map.
He also demanded that the CEM and the Executive Committee of KHADC should remove all the stones that have been laid in the projects that have been completed but they should remove the stones that have been written down. has been allocated to bring about cleanliness and this has been given within 2 months.
Although there are differences in dress, language and customs, in these four days i.
Once again, we urge the police to arrest immediately the attackers and we urge the students of Bri u Hynniewtrep who are studying at NEHU not to be afraid of these border guards who hide their identity. you can tap that Jain.
Speaking on the Government's target on education, the Minister said that the maintenance, construction and reconstruction of more than 2500 LP & UP Schools will be completed in the coming days. year.
Referring to the incident in Mawkyrwat, he said that the people belong to the NHDICL company who are constructing the road from Ranikor to Baghmara. They don't have a job, if they leave, the loss will be to the state.
Shillong, July 04: The KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle (KSU) has strongly condemned the manufacture of bill lights by FEDCO. They have been delayed for many months and some have reached the age of years especially the bills of those BPLU, BPLM and Saubhagya schemes.
Shillong, March 20: All Catholic schools in Jaintia Hills District will be closed on the funeral of Archbishop Dominic Jala.
According to a source from Laban Police Station, the victim was identified as Bhim Bahadur Margar, 20, who was brought by Ambulance 108 from Jhalupara to Civil Hospital Shillong.
The expenses for the candidates will be calculated from the date of filing of nomination papers.
In the complaint, the student wrote that the Director had asked her to stay overnight in the quarter even though her house was near the quter. Director and informed the superintendent of the office, but they said that it should be allowed.
The KSU also warns that if the government goes ahead with this permit and if the NFR starts this work, the KSU will take strong action to stop this evil plan and the members of the NFR. They are also ready to stay in jail again, to be bombed, tied again by the police and even to surrender their lives.
In 2013-2014, 720 employees were appointed, bringing the total number of employees in GHADC to 2100, and the expenditure on salaries has reached T.3.8 crore per month.
Shillong, July 08: The results of the SSLC, Matriculation and HSLC Arts will be released on the 10th of this month. 6/2022 Wednesday.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a curfew in the entire district to prevent the movement of people. car even in the middle of the storm.
Answering a question regarding the border issue with Assam which has not been resolved yet, the Congress MP candidate said that this is a difficult task. However, he wrote a letter to the Central Government to appoint a Boundary Commission to resolve this.
This is only the beginning and the staff at this helpline still need to receive training.
In the incident, the school children who were inside the Maruti van escaped without injuries except for the driver of the Maruti van, Bah Bhakupar Kharbani who sustained injuries. hand.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) delaying the release of the result of Assistant Engineer under the Rural Development Department. .
He said that the teachers expect that the Prime Minister will take the necessary action and will call them back to discuss this issue.
Similarly, the curfew has also affected the Shongkrim writings which fall on these days and months, which the writers have already prepared for the whole year.
We will fight and we will fight to the end no matter what happens, because this action of NGT has affected thousands of people, and the mass protest today is also due to the threat of NGT. said.
Referring to the Rajya Sabha elections to be held on the 30th of this month in Assam, Gogoi said that the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh will win without any opposition. The third sin is in the state of Assam.
Once you have signed up, you can download the digital certificate from the website.
We teach the children of others, but we ourselves suffer.
Shillong Lajong, after being beaten by Neroca, worked hard to score another goal, but couldn't as the players of Neroca strengthened themselves at the end of the match. Shillong Lajong FC have now scored 2 points against Neroca FC in a 1-1 draw against Neroca FC. The next match will be played on the 14th of November between Shillong Lajong FC and Sreenidi Deccan at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium Shillong.
The office bearers are Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat as President, Pyrkhat Shylla and D Donstan Khonglah as Vice Presidents, Hamkhian Dkhar as General Secretary, Gremalin H Bareh as Assistant Secretary and Abutt Nelson Muksor as Treasurer. , Bah Standbyme Sari as Media Secretary and all the chiefs as longsan mansan in the Executive Committee who are also the chiefs of the Kurs in their respective areas.
On the part of these leading leaders of Thynroid Village, they expressed their gratitude to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was willing to spend his time all day long. He said that this MDC is indeed a leader who is ready to carry the heavy responsibility to serve not only his own constituency but especially for the country and the nation as a whole.
Secretary of Rah Bhavan, Bah HM Shangpliangu said it is true that the Governor of Assam has been appointed as the Governor of Meghalaya.
He said that Lucy Diengdoh has been selected to act in his film because he knows that the youth of this state have the talent to do anything, but the most important thing is to open up. and if there is a training center it will be if many talented people are employed.
The residents living along the road can no longer prepare for Christmas because it is no longer possible to paint or decorate their houses due to the heavy rainfall,” said the statement. They were sent by the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, Bah Lasting Pala and the Secretary of Umkiang, Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh.
At the same time, Robert said that this action of the Congress MLA from Assam is against the decision of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and urged the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to take action. Therefore, the part of the rule relating to speech against the House should be repealed.
Shillong, Lber 08: The ruling party in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today filed the nomination of Dr Donkupar Roy as the candidate for the election of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 12th of this month. .
On the other hand, the relatives of the arrested persons have met and decided to protest until they are released without any restrictions.
The volunteerism of the community will not only help to spread public awareness about TB but will also promote the cooperation of the community in the fight against stigma, he said.
More than 1,000 employees of GHADC have stood in front of the GHADC office and blocked all the executive members of GHADC from entering their offices and demanded that their salaries should be reduced. employees which has been allowed for almost 10 months.
Five RRTS corridors have been identified for construction in the NCR, out of which three have been considered for implementation in the first phase including the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut Corridor; Delhi – Gurugram – SNB – Alwar Corridor and Delhi – Panipat Corridor.
The Dorbar has decided to meet urgently after 22nd August
He said the incident happened at about 2:30 pm," he said.
Within the GS Circle: Mawskeilum, Mawskeithem, Pathardharo, Umjyrha, Umkynsier and Umiapkhla.
This is an opportunity for the students of Meghalaya.
Furthermore, in relation to these rules of the party, if the villages in East Jaintia Hills District, can still improve these rules, as it has been seen that there are Some of the villages in East Jaintia Hills District which have been established with better rules, will be a great blessing to the District as a whole.
These young speakers will be the promoters of tourism in India.
Regarding the suspension of the construction of the school by the Assam Police, the Seng strongly requests the Government authorities to take action immediately so that it will not affect the plan to implement the school.
It is also time for the state to think carefully about the construction of roads so that it will not cost tens of crores as we see many roads collapsing within a short period of time.
“Why do I say that it is the inability of Dr Mukul Sangma?” asked Cheris Thangkhiew, who has spoken from time to time, that he has spoken to former Home Minister Roshan Warjri. Roshan Warjri has spoken to Dr Mukul Sangma for four or five times, but it is clear that Dr Mukul said yes. The HNLC will come to peace.
“I stand on the basis of raising awareness among the people on the laws that aim to destroy the nation so I have returned to politics,” he said. The media is lying when the news reports about his actions as the HSPDP has withdrawn its support on the issue of Rangbah Shnong and how as a newspaper reports that he has disappeared from the party. Shylla also criticized the MLA for saying that Bah Shylla is lying but he should understand how he can be deceived only by him. one person and this shows that he doesn't want to be deceived by one person.
Shillong, July 13: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Daniel Khyriem today said that the KSU will adopt the policy of “Take and Give” for the resolution of the border dispute with Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Indian Pharmacists Revolution Yatra (IPRY) has been held at Jantar Mantar to raise awareness among the public about the work of pharmacists. in Meghalaya.
The people have seen it in the past and they will always vote and support justice, they will support the candidate that the BJP has chosen for the upcoming elections.
Prestone acknowledged that there is indeed a tax evasion from the transportation of minerals from the state to abroad and the smuggling of minerals to Bangladesh. The purpose of the electronic weight bridge is to prevent the evasion of revenue from mineral resources.
Those who wish to apply for this award should obtain the forms from the office of the Sports Department and must submit their applications on or before 16th November
Shillong, Nailur 02: The 12 hour curfew called by the civil society has ended smoothly without any incident, except for the blocking of vehicles, stone throwing and no casualties on the part of the people. you are lost.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death from the virus in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths from the disease to to be treated were 43 cases.
On the other side of the bridge, it is written that the bridge should not be used. Now that both sides of the bridge have been closed, this has prevented the people from breaking the fish. besides this bridge.
This sculpture depicts the struggle for Indian independence by looking closely at the heroes from the Northeast who have not been seen.
The meeting showcased and promoted the equipment from the region, which has contributed to the income growth and richness of the region.
Meanwhile, the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit in a statement issued by Samla Nangaibormi Syiem Sutnga urged the Government of Meghalaya to provide assistance to the victims of the incident like the Government of Assam. I used to help my people who died in the Saipung disaster.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 3 recoveries today, out of which 55 cases are still in critical condition, 11 cases are in hospital for treatment, 6 cases in East Khasi Hills cases, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
Langsning FC scored two goals and Shillong Lajong scored one goal in the first leg of the tournament at the Polo Ground.
The Chief Guest, the EM of KHADC in charge of the District Department and MDC of Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, in his speech, spoke on his involvement with the SHGs in the past. He said that the residents, especially women, benefit greatly from the presence of SHGs which enable them to participate in the economic development and income of the state.
NEHUSU has also expressed its willingness to continue its strong protests if the university authorities do not listen to this demand.
There are 157 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state today. The highest number of cases are from East Khasi Hills (69), West Garo Hills (41), Ri Bhoi (13). South West Garo Hills 10, 1462 cases have been confirmed.
To release these four Town Committees from the recognition as government areas, the KHADC has decided to abolish the status of Town Committees of the four Town Committees and the remaining Town Committees will be Nongstoin which will have only villages under the Town Committee and Nongpoh which has removed five villages.
The award was also presented to Umjarian HWC-SC which was selected as the Best Performance Health and Wellness Center in the District, and Marshillong Village was selected as the Best Village Health Council in the District.
In this regard, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, led by Kong D.Kharshiing in charge of Laban, has convened an emergency meeting on 13th March, 2023 at Laban. Police Station.
The Bangladeshi envoy convened the meeting at the Asian Confluence office, Shillong with the chief guest.
The march was led by a group of Khasi dancers, Garo dancers, Nyishi dancers from Arunachal Pradesh, War Jaintia dancers, traditional dancers. the Pnars who are known as the Sukra dance.
The President said the decision of the Government to hold these games in different parts of the state is good and this will ensure that these activities reach everyone.
Shillong, November 21: Wahthapbroo Village Council today left for the Church of God in Qualapatty to donate as much as possible for the loss of a church building due to a fire.
Replying to a question about the changes in the last 50 years in the Khadar rule of the Dorbars, they said that they have preserved the existing customs and traditions but there are cases where they have been forced. to party leaders to support them in election activities.
When contacted by SP News Agency, some of the residents of the area said that they are happy to see the victory of the person whom they have supported strongly in this mid-term election.
He congratulated the people of Meghalaya for the many upcoming and newly launched projects ranging from connectivity, education, skills and employment nearby. part of the further development of the state.
He said that once the government announcement is issued, the Deputy Commissioner's office will pay the money and hand over to the Fire Department to do whatever is necessary. T.51.84 lakh.
It is learned that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has visited the government twice and the DHS to request an ambulance. However, the KSU today went to Umjarain PHC to donate a Maruti to the Umjarain PHC.
During the meeting, the union urged the minister to set government prices for agricultural products, to increase the number of markets and to build cold storages for the benefit of the farmers. of farmers.
The government vehicle (ML01-5695) was handed over to Bah Mawkordor Phanbuh, Additional Chief Engineer of PWD West Garo Hills.
The arrest of the senior GNLA leader at 3 pm on Saturday was a great victory for the police as through him the police have been able to obtain a lot of information. They were responsible for the infiltration of GNLA fighters from Bangladesh into India.
During the meeting, the Governor congratulated Idashisah Nongrang on her appointment as DGP and promised to give his full support in the matter. to the peace and order in the state.
FKJGP Central Body on 30th May 2017 under the leadership of Bah Edarland Kharbudon, President FKJGP Central Body. Upper Shillong Circle has met with the Chief Engineer (Distribution) of MEECl, Bah KN War to discuss these issues of the people and urged the MEECl to expedite the blackout and to bring The Seng doesn't have any objection to the Load Shedding but it only objects to the hours of Load Shedding because it affects the people. the people of the village.
The Central Government and the State Governments have done many things to attract people to invest in this area. The shisha is only a little.
The complaint against Bernard N Marak at the police station is under Section 105(07)2022 u/s 370(3) r/w 3/4/5/6/7 Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.
Along with the reduction of environmental pollution due to the transition from oil to electricity, the smooth running of railway services in the region will also improve.
Jowai, Nailur 04: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) through its Education Cell, in a statement today, said that teachers are the first steps of each and every person to the level of education. intelligent.
The arrested are John T Sangma, June 18, Simple M Sangma, 22, Jerean Jeangku A Sangma, 20, of Chambugong. Balko M Sangma, 15, of Rongasigre, were arrested today.
Sordar Smit, Bah Kynsai M Syiem, urged all to be punctual and disciplined especially the football players.
Relatives are requested to inform those young and old who have improved in their jobs at Phone No.8794915872 on or before 31st March,
The meeting was conducted by Shaiphar Dohling and speeches were delivered by Horno Dohling, Kaisar Dohling, JP Singh from NESFAS and others.
Therefore, it has happened that the first thing that this disease will enter the country is the people who will suffer as they have seen on the border of Ri Bhoi.
The Chief Minister said that on behalf of the people of the state he congratulates them and as the people of India they are proud of their skills, at the same time this is an opportunity for the children. young people to be encouraged to join the army to defend the country.
Besides, the CEM said that the District Council has an intention to work with the state government and informed that the EC has an intention to invite students or elders as researchers who will explore and explore the new uniqueness of the culture of the nation.
In a message of condolences sent to the Working President of the DMK, who is also the son of MK Stalin, he said that Karunanidhi, the founder of the DMK party, said that he was a political leader. He has done many things for the Tamil people and for the country as a whole in many fields, whether in writing or sports.
Police, on receiving the complaint, investigated and found that the mother had been killed by the robbers.
On these roads and streets, the MLA said that he will allocate funds according to their needs.
From the latest news close to the examination authorities, it is understood that next week the MBOSE authorities and the Education Department may hold a meeting to discuss and Therefore, I would like to ask you to take a decision on all these issues so that the school authorities, teachers, parents and students can get complete clarity and information. The doubts of the school authorities, the students from now on will find that it is too late to prepare for all these activities.
It is learned that there will be people who carry a lot of money to collect money from the voters for the candidate they support. 50000/- each.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 16: The Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur today congratulated the journalists of the country on the occasion of the National Press Day.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the fight against COVID-19 depends on everyone to take care of themselves. If you have any problems, you should report them and not be afraid.
The arrested Bangladeshi was identified as Md.Iqbal Miah, 45, of Upsahar village, Sylhet district. Umngot, the arrest of him was because they were suspicious of his behaviour.
Speaking as the chief guest, Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo congratulated the organization for organizing this ceremony.
He said that these two men posed as members of the Special Operation Team (SOT) and robbed a man from Dhankheti on 22nd November 2012 at 9.30 pm.
Namgey Tsering won from Tawang-2, Pesi Jilen from Liromoba-27, Tapi Darang from Pasighat-38, Oni Panyang from Mariyang-4 Longding Pumao was beaten by Thangwang Wangham.
There are 12 recoveries today, four from East Khasi Hills, seven from Ri Bhoi District and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Gati Shakti is addressing the logistical challenges in the transportation industry.
In his concluding remarks, the Governor urged the community to work together to free the state from drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today arrived in Nolikata to campaign for the NPP candidate Bah Kitborlang Nongrem. half term in the 26th Langrin Constituency.
The candidates for Amlarem Civil Sub Division have not mentioned the party they are filing their nomination papers.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah HB Wahlang Rangbah Shnong Upper Lumparing and other elders from the village of Upper Lumparing. Shillong, Jymmang 26: The body of an elderly man has been found on the Mawlai Road to Wahumkhrah in Pyrshan Jaiaw Umpohlinew. who live in the area.
The Minister of Finance said that it is through the development projects that the government has implemented in the past 10 years that they have regained the trust of the people at this time and they will continue to work hard to bring about change. in development activities.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Laitsing said that after the deadline for filing nominations for the post of Chairman of JHADC, only his name was submitted.
The 6th Meghalaya Games will be held in
Kuldeep Saini, IG of BSF in charge of Eastern Frontier, while inaugurating the ship, said that the ship can carry passengers and vehicles.
If you don't know how to wear prek in your ears and all your faces, they still call you juk maw.
On the delay in implementation, they did not say whether it was slow or not but they saw that the government has worked hard to implement the demand of the civil society to prevent the influx of foreigners.
This notification is incorrect and unacceptable.
Meghalaya has three District Councils, GHADC, JHADC and KHADC. The GHADC has already passed the same bill. now the JHADC will do so soon.
Regarding the landfill, the Jowai Municipal Board has made it clear that the landfill will be temporary until a proper landfill is found.
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret to learn that there are people who want to move the regional office from Shillong to Guwahati. who has decided to remove this office in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Shillong City President John Lyngdoh said that during the meeting with the EM, they insisted that because the Khasi have been able to do their jobs, the KHADC should stop the KHADC. trading license to foreigners.
On the other hand, the Umroi MLA said that the lack of full time BDOs has hampered the implementation of development works in the villages.
It is built on three main components: unique identity (Aadhaar), complementary payment systems (Unified Payments Interface (UPI), Aadhaar Payments Bridge, Aadhaar Enabled Payment Service), and data exchange (DigiLocker and Account Aggregator).
During the meeting, the three civil society organizations submitted a petition to the head of SBI, in which they expressed their concerns and at the same time gave their suggestions on how to improve the SBI. SBI Baghmara is facing these challenges.
Through this investigation and seizure, it was found that the concealment of income is more than T.250 crore.
Shillong, July 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahthapbru Unit in collaboration with the Wahthapbru Village Youth Association (KYU) has arrested several mynder from Motphran yesterday afternoon, July 19,
At the request of Rakkam A. Sangma, the students waited for the Vice Chancellor outside the Guest House until the end of the meeting.
Shillong, July 28: Silver Lee FC has become the winner of the Mylliemumlong Football Tournament held at Mawlai Umthlong today.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The Cabinet has approved the establishment of an Engineering Wing at the Police Headquarters, Shillong to oversee the construction and maintenance of the Police Department across the state.
St. Anthony's College won the title by beating Seng Khasi College by 36 to 13 baskets in the final.
:The month of April is a sign of India's progress in the world economy.
They said that many times they feel that they should leave with Meghalaya because Meghalaya provides good assistance.
Shillong, July 11: A meeting was held between the BSF troops and the residents of Harai village in East Jaintia Hills today to discuss how to work together to bring about development in the border areas. of Bangladesh.
The JSU has also decided that if NEHU does not start the Jowai Campus in the near future, the union will write and inform the Government of India and the Ministry of Human Resource Development. Government of India.
India is suffering from the high number of tobacco users, and is the world's largest country in terms of tobacco use.
sub-clause iii (a) A Dkhar shall have no right to settle or cultivate in any part or village within the Syiemship).
The NPP has decided to work for the people and will continue to work for the people.
When asked, he said, “There are many vehicles carrying goods going to Haat Bangla.
There are 181 positive cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 35 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 4 in North Garo Hills, 4 in South Garo Hills, 39 in West Jaintia Hills and 3 in West Jaintia Hills. Jaintia Hills 1, South West Garo Hills
According to information, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council has laid the foundation stone for the construction of the IB of the Forest Department, but it is alleged that the residents of the area have broken the foundation stone in the middle of the night. It is still in the middle of reconciliation talks between Assam and Meghalaya.
He said ignorance is very dangerous.
To monitor the news that they have paid money to write about this mid-term election, or any announcements issued by political parties during this election period, The Media Certification and Monitoring Committee (MCMC) has been set up.
He said that as the supporters who have already elected Bah Thombor as MDC, they should stand together to win more votes this time by increasing the number of supporters.
The party has lodged a complaint with the Shillong Police.
The government's reluctance shows that it has ignored the people of Ri Bhoi West and as of now, the development works of the MDA government will be slow in this area.
In other states like Manipur, Mizoram and other North Eastern States, there is a holiday on this special day even though it is the financial year.
“I don't have anything against anyone but I just congratulate and wish you and our HNYF that you will continue to provide better service to our beloved Bri u Hynniewtrep. and if there is any assistance I am ready to give my right hand and left hand in relation to the party,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
He said that the KSU has not yet accepted the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block as confirmed by the Labor Department through the announcements issued on The road to foreign states and employers within the area.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is continuing to vaccinate the 45 years and 18 years of age at various places designated by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. protect against COVID-1
The travel expenses of officers and persons appointed to accompany the Chief Minister regardless of whether they belong to any government department shall be paid from the office of the Chief Minister. Secretariat.
The presence of CCTV cameras has helped Wahingdoh and Mawkhar villages.
Guwahati, Lber 24: Former Assam Chief Minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta on Tuesday said that the Assam Gana Parishad (AGP) strongly opposes the passage of the Bill in Parliament to allocate Assam land to the Assam government. Bangladesh as signed by the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina on 11th March
The KSU leader said that during the time of the Dohlieh, they came to this country as traders and gradually took over the ruling power. These people who came from abroad came to work only to earn a living but now they have started to challenge the Khaddar rule by these people who have migrated to the state especially to Shillong.
After the opening ceremony of the Water Supply Scheme, the residents of KSU Mawlai Umjaiur said that the opening ceremony was only to mislead the people as the election time is approaching. The generator has been used to distribute the water and the electricity connection has not been obtained yet and the people have not received the water from this water supply system. WSS.The President of KSU Mawlai Umjaiur, Samla Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that the opening of the WSS was done only to mislead the people and even at this meeting instead of discussing this issue. They are campaigning for elections to raise awareness among the people to support these leaders so that they can win with dignity.
A cash prize and a citation were awarded.
A total of 124 soldiers were rushed to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment. Of these, 83 were sent to Mission Hospital in Tura and the rest were treated at Tura Civil Hospital. .
Although police did not say where the truck came from, it is suspected that the truck came from Manipur. The investigation is ongoing.
He said that the Cabinet has decided to rename the Dikki Stadium in Tura as the PA Sangma Stadium. Besides these names, there are other places which the government has renamed, some of which fall under Laban, and one of Laitumkhrah.
Paul Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the UDP party who is also the EM of the KHADC, said that the KHADC is now ready to register the land of the people of Meghalaya who own land on the border with the KHADC. Assam This is to strengthen their ownership of the land.
He said the government is still waiting for the leading leaders of the HNLC to come to the negotiating table.
Federation of Khasi States under Article 5 of the IOA & AA consisting of 87 members including 54 elected members, 25 chief executives and 8 appointed members. He was born on 29 April 1949 in the state of Assam.
The annual trade fair, which is attended by all the states of India, was inaugurated by the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind. India started today and will end on the 27th of this month.
On the allegation that the government wants to increase the number of COVID-19 cases in order to get more money, it is wrong and this is not true at all.
It doesn't matter if you are bombed, tied, set along or even killed, but the members of the KSU stand firm with courage to protect their nation,” said the KSU. “The KSU understands that if the Meghalaya Minority Linguistic Development Forum holds a protest in Hynniewtrep, the KSU will also protest against the killing and violence against Khasi from time to time abroad,” he said. The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) has strongly warned Gopal Dey, who does not claim to be the General Secretary of the Coordination and Welfare Committee of Shella-Bholaganj, that he is not. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has been arrested for allegedly killing two foreigners in Ichamati.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise and inability to understand what the Government means by continuing to summon the people, members and leaders of the Sengbhalang. It happened recently in connection with the issue of metor area which has been very clear in those few days, to demand in the voice of the people that the people who live in the metor area should be evacuated because they ju bring unhappiness to all who pass through this place.
Shillong, March 19: The party is ready for the Lok Sabha and MDC elections, said Vincent H. Pala, President of the MPCC on Friday. it will not be the year
The Assam court has charged him with the MPWA and we will hand him over to the Assam Police after investigating him for illegal activities in North Garo Hills,” he said.
To promote the Khasi and Garo languages, in relation to the border, peace and stability, to promote the indigenous peoples, to promote the traditional religions, to protect against the violence of the minorities. , and many other issues on which the RDA will distribute this election manifesto to the people.
SACH and WASH is a scheme that helps to provide water and toilets in schools.
Shillong, July 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has been invited to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for the third time at 7.15 pm today. Rashtrapati Bhavan New Delhi.
According to the RTI report, Ma Madonbai Rymbai, who is also the MDC of Khliehtyrshi-Sohmynting constituency, has released a scheme worth T.1,18,50,0
The winners of the competition were JNV Mukhla, Sawlyngdoh Higher Secondary School, Laskein Block and Sokha Government Higher Secondary School.
Thanks also go to the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, who took the initiative to raise the issue of the people in the Legislative Assembly. The Chief Minister of the State also listened and was appreciated and did what he had said in the House.
He said that at this meeting, the top leaders of the political parties will appear with the people on that day to deliver speeches and explain more about the ILP. (SP News).
Shillong, July 5: In accordance with the Government's Order No.POL.75/2020/PtI/101 dated July 4, 2021 and in accordance with Article 11 of the Order, to open shops in rural areas and all areas outside Shillong from 7th to 12th July,
“When I see Toiaibha standing on the foundation to reach the goal, it touches my soul and I understand that it is not too late to chase the goal and follow the dream,” he said. Marbarisha, while speaking before the 5th Meghalaya Games.
The authorities of the Autonomous District Councils to the State Government, have started to violate the rights of our people, such as the violation of the rights of property in the land, the negligence and contempt of the village authorities. rule, in trade and in all fields.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday donated assistance for the construction of classrooms for the Grace Care Academy Secondary School, Mawlai Nongkwar. to repair one of the classrooms that has been damaged.
No admission fee will be charged.
Shillong, July 13: The Border Security Force (BSF) has conducted a civic action program as part of the border security program in Shillong. Meghalaya today.
Other demands of NESO include the development of the region, such as roads, airports like Baljek Airport and railway line in Garo Hills. , in Assam the railway lines should be improved and the Stilwell road should be implemented.
The Chief Minister said that he has received information that the reason why the Government has joined hands with the Government of India The JNNURM for the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme worth crores of rupees between the then Minister of Urban Affairs and KHNAM was involved in the dispute between the then Minister of Urban Affairs and KHNAM. He said that the tender has reached the point where the Government of Dr Donkupar Roy has failed to ask the Minister of Urban Affairs who is now calling from the UDP for the nation'.
On the other hand, the HANM leader urged the government to increase the allocation to 60 tyngka per patient per day.
He said that as the Governor of the State, he understands the concerns of the people of the State and is with the State. He said that the MRSS (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is with the Governor, but because That this work has already reached the tyndongskhor of the Ministry of Home Affairs has to get the approval from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government.
The KSU has met with the SP of East Jaintia Hills today to discuss the issue after the release of the final list of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) by Assam. You have the right to enter Meghalaya without a name.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the recent bloodshed has been caused by the attack on farmers from Thyllaw village by some people from Mawlyngbna. It is because of the stinginess and persistence of the previous leaders that this work has reached this point.
On this occasion, the Minister also explained the various schemes that the government has to do for the people and how to improve income in all aspects.
On the other hand, the Home Minister of India has urged all neighboring countries to work together in the fight against terrorism.
This will be a little more timely," he said.
This date is the day on which the UN authorities met for the first time in 1982 at the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion of Human Rights. Long people.
So far, the TSPs have rejected 493 PoSs and lodged 71 complaints with the police against these PoSs so that the police can take necessary action.
It is learned that in the meeting with the Chief Minister, the MLAs asked for the right to buy rice and he as the CEM also asked for the allocation for the MDCs but the Minister He said that the MLAs and MDCs have to buy rice from the market from the scheme allocated to them.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 12: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Textiles, Piyush Goyal today urged India's textile institutions to open up. who are known to admit more students.
When the BJP government came to Delhi, the Prime Minister gathered experts to discuss the matter and after the meeting, he took the decided to exchange the one thousand piece of silver and the five hundred piece piece of silver.
Different villages including Panaliar, Dulong, Chilliangraij, Loomkjam, Loomkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Sein Ummulong and Sein Tylli Niamtre Ladthadlaboh have brought their rots in pictures along with the message to the people.
Police said they have enough evidence to prove that the two men were involved in the incident.
He said that in agriculture, micro irrigation and drip irrigation should be encouraged.
He also urged that in the future all the five states can join hands to hold this food show.
Brigadier Shammi Raj said that sports like archery, polo and others are popular in the area, but golf is still a sport for the rich.
Shillong, March 29: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will continue to strive to improve the administration of the Legislative Assembly without the use of paperwork. according to a statement sent by the Assembly.
Members of the public are advised to bring a copy (digital or paper) of their appointment slip or mobile phone containing an SMS confirmation of the appointment, so that they can easily access the appointment slip. 4 digit code to send medicines.
Police have arrested nine ASAK cadres (SP News).
This award is to encourage them to do well in the upcoming examinations.
The JSU also urges and requests the people of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division from various Sengbhalang, Waheh Shnongs and the people to work together for the bright future of the area. Eddy Kerry Pohtam President of JSU War Jaintia Circle
The Government has enacted a new Rule called the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules,
This Parliament is an example of this effort,” said Prime Minister Duh.
Mawkyrwat, July 28: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has sent a message to the government and the people of Hynniewtrep Hills District that the KSU is ready to fight against the Mynder United Alliance (MUA II) government under the Mukul Sangma's leadership in any way regarding the opposition to the construction of the railway line in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The CoMSO initially expressed its anger and dissatisfaction with the insult of the Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India to the Jaidbynriew and the State as a whole.
At the same time, there should be cooperation between the Central Government, the State Government and the District Administration in relation to any directives issued by translating them into Khasi, Pnar, Garo and Hindi.
The Lamphang said that Bah David will not be remembered as a young MLA who was elected twice as MLA of the 13-Mawryngkeng Constituency. Salseng A Sangma, Chairman of the Privileges Committee of the Legislative Assembly, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden death of Bah David A Nongrum MLA. David A. Nongrum.
On Thursday morning, seven cows were seized at seven places on the border with Bangladesh, mostly from Ganganagar on the border between South Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills District. typical cows from this bag.
Police are investigating the incident as the office of the District Transport Officer of East Khasi Hills has also collapsed recently.
Those who came to register for the Meghalaya Baby League 2018, were from organizations, schools and Indian football star Eugeneson Lyngdoh came to join.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that talks with the Central Government to resolve the issue are in progress. Union Minister RK Singh has promised to look into this.
The first Super Carrier was purchased by a family from Pyrdiwah.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the investigation has started to track down the people involved in the distribution of these notices.
in the state of Meghalaya.
Like those Ministers or MLAs Congress, Independents who are willing to sit quietly and be like Dieng Shain Doh to Mukul Sangma who is afraid of losing his seat but will fight or stand forward for the good of Mukul Sangma. SR Rapsang, President of the HNYF Mawlai Circle, said in a statement.
To empower the Central Government to auction mineral concessions for the major mineral resources specified in Part D of the First Schedule of the Act.
The existence of this block will greatly assist the people in many ways for their daily needs.
Dhankharu also said he was unhappy that some people protested instead of following the law when they were arrested for corruption.
The Government should take action and do something immediately.
Therefore, they look forward to your efforts to accept these suggestions which will be a means of protecting the minority Khasi Jaintia and Garo people so that they can inform the State Government and the Government of India through the District Decision. Council session.
At the same time, it was said that according to the sub rules, and according to Ad Rule 20, 21, and 22, the Governor will have to convene the House to elect a new CEM.
Leaders of the North East Students Organization (NES0) on Tuesday arrived in New Delhi after the Supreme Court fixed the hearing of the case on 19th October The group has appealed against the Government of India's enactment of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and recently issued the Citizen (Amendment) Act Rules,
He wrote a letter to AICC President Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh and senior officials. of the state government as well.
The meeting was held at the Secretariat, Shillong.
He also spoke on the inclusion of the Khasi 8scheduled language and other issues faced by the State.
“India's commitment to LiFE is reflected in the India Presidency's theme of 'One World, One Family, One Future' and is an urgent call to action," she said. .
At the same time, the Central Government through Kamal Prakash, Udner Secretary, has directed that this money has been allocated on the basis that the work should be completed on time according to the rules and regulations. .
Regarding other people who have illegally occupied the land, it is the duty of the government to evict them. The government has the right to evict them, now the same rule will apply to them if they are illegally resident and the government has the right to evict them.
The deterioration of the road is not only in this area but the roads leading to different parts of Nongstoin town are bad everywhere. PWD should not repair them.
We believe that this approach will bring many benefits and reduce the cost and time required for testing by 40-50%".
The Act will also prohibit the distribution of child pornography by imposing fines and imprisonment.
At this ceremony, the village leaders, elders and the public attended the ceremony to pay their last respects to Bah SD Khongwir.
“What has the State Government done regarding the illegal activities of the cement plants?” asked Bah Majaw.
On the allegation that the government has returned T.9.2 crore from the Ministry of Agriculture, the Chief Minister said that this money has been left over since 2001 and has not been used. The government is now abolishing the schemes and withdrawing the funds for use in the agriculture sector.
Perhaps this will be the first time that the students of this university will hold a meeting inside the campus with the participation of the Minister of Education of the State Government Rakkam A. Sangma.
He also praised the linkage of farmers to markets and the promotion of chick pea cultivation in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
The Congress party has demanded that the government should disclose the names of those people who have been allowed to write abroad. COVID-19 patients to prevent the spread of the disease.
This time, the party will release the names of the candidates twice.
Malik sustained serious injuries and was rushed to the Civil Hospital for treatment. Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators. The cause of the incident, according to police sources.
Shillong, November 14: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) together with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society today held a voluntary blood donation drive in which 30 youths came to donate their blood. they for others who need blood.
On the request of the Punjab Chief Minister to lodge a complaint with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, the Meghalaya Chief Minister said that it will not be banned because it will have a feeling for the people. that should not be discriminated against he has the right to speak.
In the first leg against Ri Bhoi, Garo Hills XI scored 146 runs and beat Ri Bhoi by 18 runs.
These locations are one at BSF Camp, Sector HQ, Mowpat, Shillong, another at BSF Camp, Sector HQ, Khliehriat and one at BSF Camp, Tura. Dobasipara, West Garo Hills district.
What is surprising is that the police are trying to clean up the household affairs and relationships between the mother of the president of the party who is also the chairman of CoMSO and one of those arrested in connection with this incident.
The meeting was attended by the Home Secretary, Chief Secretary of Sikkim, Secretary, Electricity, Road Transport and Highways, Secretary, Military Affairs, Secretary, Telecommunications. Water Resources, RD & GR, Member Secretary, NDMA, CISC IDS, DG, IMD, DG, NDRF and offices of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Regarding the election to elect the Speaker of the KHADC, it is not yet clear when the election will be held once the announcement of their resignation is issued.
You will suffer the flow of blood.
The Union requests the SSA teachers in the State not to be misled by other teachers' groups and warns them not to take part in any protest programs as shown in the media. The MSSASA-Central Body cannot take responsibility for their future.
The tournament, which was held at the MFA ground, started on Tuesday and will end on the 16th of this month.
Shillong, July 24: For the first time, MeECL has held a public meeting in Nongpoh to bring closer to the people who use the light.
Speaking to reporters, Deputy Commissioner Iswanda Laloo said that the election went smoothly without any incident.
He said that the hospital authorities have not listened to their demands and this has been like forcing them to protest by wearing iong flags. their working hours and other remuneration to which they are entitled.
Therefore, we must promote such practices that strengthen the unity of the country, and this practice must continue.
If you have any questions, please contact us at 03642535674, 9774772934, 9774658122, 9774083210, 8974565144, at the iLEAD office Shillong at Reebok Building IIM Road, New Delhi, Shillong.
Executive Members including Gigur Myrthong, Victor Ranee, Teibor Pathaw, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn Sawkmie Malong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Fantin Lakadong, Bah Carness Sohshang and others in the presence of Council officers.
In this way, they intimidate the people and the villagers and this is against the Constitution.
During this month, the Lama of India will be hoisted at half the flagpole in each government building where the flag is hoisted and no entertainment program will be held during this month.
The KSU has arrested the suspected drug dealer and handed him over to the police for further investigation. The arrest of 10 people was made after he got out of the vehicle and sold the drugs to others.
Nongtraw recalled that in 2014, the HNLC had sent a letter to the central government but had not received a reply and Pastor PBM Basiawmoit was only a temporary ksiang and the work is still pending.
On the other hand, ACHIK said that this demand is to provide equal development projects in all aspects and this demand has been demanded since 1972 when the state was independent, but now it is 51 years old. year pat has done either.
He said that many of the STs who belong to the tribal areas cannot go to buy land in other tribal areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today announced that the social welfare department will delete the letter.
The Chief Minister also spoke to three Block Level Officers, one of whom is Mike Henchard Ch Mominna.
However, freight trains were exempted from this decision.
Paul Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw sent a letter of support to Latiplang on Friday. The letter was signed by both of them and sent to PN Syiem Lamphang. With the arrival of these two members, the United Progressive Forum under the leadership of Bah Latiplang has increased its membership to 100 members.
On the other hand, the group has decided not to back down from the social peace agreement with the government.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah W Lyngdoh.
According to South Gao Hills Police, the incident happened at 5.30 pm at Jan Chokpot while they were on their way to the Silkigre market which is held once a day. , these merchants were kidnapped at gunpoint.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has directed MePDCL to pay compensation to four widows who lost their husbands in the electric shock. Electric shock incident occurred at Manikganj village on 25th November,
Shillong Police have arrested four persons, all of whom are from outside Meghalaya, three of them are men and one is a woman.
The Assam Re-organization (Meghalaya) Act, 1969 stipulates that the boundaries of the Meghalaya Autonomous State shall include the following tribal areas: Autonomous District by the notification of the Government of Assam No.TAD/R/31/50/149 dated 13th April, 1951), and the Garo Hills District.
During the meeting, he urged the Union Minister that the construction of the bridge to connect Dhubri from Assam to Phulbari to Meghalaya should also include the construction of the railway line.
He said that the 13 parties will give their opinion to the government and the government should accept it and if the government does not accept it, the 13 parties will not accept the government's law. Shillong, Nailur 04: The MDA Government has met with Bah Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP to discuss the ILP. He is the candidate for the Speaker election to be held in the Dorbar Synrai which will start on Thursday.
The BSF recovered one 9 mm pistol, two 9 mm mags, five unused bullets and a Bangladeshi SIM card.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle has sent an RTI reply to the issue of appointment of staff in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Centre, PHC, CHC and Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital.
HNYF Central Body President Bornad Syiemiong, Mawsmai Kyllang Sordar Stobar Ryntathiang and Mairang Sub-Division Circle President Bornad Syiemiong. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, Samla Lambokstarwell said that the party from time to time demands that uranium should not be allowed to be mined in the state. uranium may have an impact on the health of the people living in these areas.
Certificates were also awarded to the participants.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has formed a new unit called the Leimow Unit which means that the leaders are from three villages near Mowkaiaw, Mowtyrshiah and Mowkhap.
Disparsing said that according to the RTI reply received from the office of the Directorate of Health Services (MI), there are doctors, staff nurses and 4 grade staff in the Civil Hospital Shillong. who have not received their salaries since they worked when Meghalaya was hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Four people have died of the disease today, three in East Khasi Hills and one in South Carolina Hills.
During the investigation, the BSF said that they were planning to go to Baghmara to work.
He said that the youth should be the carriers of the message in the campaign against drugs in the state. that doesn't use drugs.
The Fifteenth Finance Commission has recommended a Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant of T.86,201 crore to 14 States for the fiscal year 2022-2
Through this hard work, she has revived the Khasi culture and traditions, especially in relation to the Khasi customs and traditions.
Others also expressed their concerns such as the pollution of the market, the closure of jhur during the production of jhur from Meghalaya and the increase in taxes charged by the Hima Mylliem.
On this day, the ritual was held at the top of the mountain of Sohpetbneng with the prayer of the leaders of the SEng Khasi to perform the ritual which is usually held every year. and thou shalt rise up in the holy mountain.
Yesterday, the General Secretary of the UDP issued a statement to remove the Minister of Electricity for his inability to manage the electricity sector.
“It is our good fortune that we have been able to revive the glory of the sacred Sengol.
He said tomorrow morning he will leave for Bangladesh to see what Meghalaya can do to trade with the country.
The Prime Minister spoke about the Padma Bhushan Award given to M. Fathima Beevi (Bam kwai at the Door of God) and expressed his pride for this opportunity.
The State Police have conducted special surveillance during the election period and searches of vehicles have been conducted suddenly in all the villages not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas. same.
Bombay YMCA, Patna, New Bedagharh in Madhya Pradesh, Ballari in Karnataka, Jalna in Chattisgarh, Vizag in Andhra Pradesh, YMCAs in Aizawl in Mizoram, Dimapur in Nagaland, Jowai and Shangpung participated in the event.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit on the occasion of the 185th death anniversary of Tirot Singh visited the Langstieh Market in Mairang. , the first phase, this market will have three phases and the work is ongoing.
Vivek Syiem SP City said that the vehicle caught fire may have been caused by a wire fire as the flames came out from under the bonnet of the vehicle. This is the sudden arrest of this car.
Shillong, March 29: Police today received a tip that Rofique Uddin Ahmed was driving a Night Super bus (AS-01-FC-7 suspected of transporting drug paraphernalia.
Police have registered a criminal case under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Shillong, July 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today issued a curfew for all the villages bordering Guwahati from Byrhinat to Rani Godown.
In a message of condolences, Dr DD Lapang said that the sudden passing away of Bishop Rev Dominic Jala is a great loss to the Catholic Church, the Salesian Church. and also the state as a whole.
Sadly, such rape happens in those households whose income is low.
On the other hand, the Director said that in East Khasi Hills, 121 cases, of which 5 cases are from the army and 116 cases are civilians, out of these 97 cases are from the army. who is shitom.
“On this occasion, the C&DST Lab was also inaugurated to support the diagnosis and treatment of TB. As part of the implementation of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program (NTEP), Regional Laboratories were also inaugurated. across the state.
On the other hand, the CEM of JHADC said that the Bill they will introduce will be like that of KHADC, by changing here and there because the customs and traditions are different from those of KHADC. Bill will be the same.
In a statement sent to Batesi TV, the Union demanded that the Urban Development Department should immediately suspend the plan to hold a Public Hearing. against the will of the people from more than 20 villages under Par Umkhen will hold strong protests.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: Shillong Police today arrested two persons and seized Herion worth T.24 lakh from them. that use you.
Fire brigade from Assam and Meghalaya have worked hard to extinguish the blaze which started at 9 pm on Thursday and was extinguished today.
Bah Metbah also urged the residents who have not yet been vaccinated against COVID-19 to get vaccinated as it is the only way to prevent the spread of this disease in the country. and the state.
On this occasion, a training was given to the women of Sohra area, especially on the laws related to household chores, which was explained by Annie Sohtun. and the PWDV Act 2005, the Child Marriage Act and the POCSO Act and other laws.
When the motion of no confidence in the EC was handed over to the Chairman to take a decision, the Chairman, Bah Pynshngainlang, put it before the House to take a decision. vote to know whether the EC has received the paid vote.
The agreement was signed by the Joint Secretary Rikse R Marak on behalf of the Electricity Department and the Director M/S Renew Joule Private Limited. Manjoj Sompura of the Mumbai-based company.
In fact, non tribals should not be enrolled to obtain labor license but should be enforced by strengthening the enforcement or empowering the Dorbar Shnongs to monitor the illegal immigration of Dkhars in the country. However, the KHADC under the EC of the PDF has done nothing.
Explaining about the difficulties in implementing many programs of the Health Department, the officers and doctors of Smit PHC expressed the difficulties they face in implementing the programs of Immunization, ANC, ID and other preventive services. JSSK, WIFS, RBSK, IPPI, MHIS even after many awareness campaigns.
On the political change, Bah Titos expressed his surprise that the MDC from Mylliem who is the Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly who is against the NPP but in KHADC has given his cooperation with the NPP. NPP. At that time, Mylliem MDC Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh stood up and said that Bah Titos' statement was a personal response to him.
Leaders of religious groups took part in prayers at the Don Bosco Mini Stadium and after this, a petition was read to the President of India through the Governor of India. Phagu Chauhan.
Speaking to reporters, he said that at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister today, they discussed the request of the various religions and the government has accepted it. a request that the marriage ceremony be allowed to be performed in places of worship.
In his speech, Prdip Kumar IG of BSF urged to preserve the forests, flowers and schools for the future generations. school and this will help preserve the environment.
However, what surprises me is that today the List of Businesses has not been conducted properly,” he said.
Before the 2013-2014 elections, I traveled around the country and tried to understand the views of the people of this country.
New Delhi, Jym 09: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has awarded the Padma Shri to Silbi Passah at the Civil Investment Ceremony held in New Delhi today.
At the same time, the Water Supply Department and MeECL should improve the provision of water and light to the newly constructed houses under the jurisdiction of KHADC. The Government was led by the Chief Minister Conrak K Sangma in the presence of Government Ministers, the KHADC was led by the CEM of KHADC Bah PN Syiem and the SNSBH. Dr W Kharshiing and members of the committee.
The public hearings were conducted by the Indian Oil Corporation, NEEPCO and BSNL. Across the country, 583 places have been selected to conduct such public hearings.
Tengsak said the reason why the Sengbhalang continued their protests was the government's refusal to implement the Inner Line Permit demanded by the Sengbhalang.
This special training is not only for the families of BSF personnel but also for the residents of Meghalaya.
As the party wants to close down all the villages in the state but without the spread of all the villages if you do not you will have to take responsibility.
According to reports, police raided his residence at about 3 pm and at this time there was a fight and allegedly police shot and wounded him and took him to the police station. Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Jowai, Jymmang 5: The candidates for the 3rd Raliang North East Sutnga, NPP Konstantine have filed their nomination papers today in Jaintia Hills.
Khliehriat, Naitung 31: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM-EJHD) in a statement issued by its President Brosenly Siangshai, urged the Meghalaya Government to take action against the government of Meghalaya. The National Highway-6 from Soomer to Malidor has been badly deteriorated.
Congress sources said that there are currently three party leaders led by Congress MLAs, the first is Salaseng C Marak, Bah DD Lapang and Dr Mukul Sangma. .
The union today closed dozens of such offices such as branches of SBI, HDFC, Axis, ICICI, Bajaj Alliance, Meghalaya Cooperative Bank, Canara, IndusInd and others. around Shillong.
The winners of the men's category were the Sports Authority of India and STC Shillong. The runner-up was Shillong Dojo Karate-Do. Association (SDKA) of Shillong.
On the other hand, the police said that they will not punish all those who have joined the illegal organization according to the rules of law.
CSWO has started this work from Nongmadan village which is called by the residents of Mawphlang Block.
Speaking to reporters, Pynsuklang Hynniewta, Secretary of Greater Iew Polo, said that there has been a dispute between the Municipal and the residents of the area for about two years. The market has not yet been decided by the Municipal, but this time the Municipal has won the case.
Secretary central body.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that during his visit to the factories, he was able to visit only four factories and from these it is clear that these factories have been adequately maintained and As the Chief Minister, he wants to see that factories should be located in different parts of the state.
When the ceremony was over, all those who witnessed the ceremony went to lay the foundation stone of Mawbuh led by the elders, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Sing Syiem and the chiefs.
This has been achieved through the cooperation of all the departments of the university and this has enabled the university to change the holidays and start classes.
The winners are from 32 districts of 21 states and UTs. 7 awards were awarded in the category of Art & Culture, 9 awards were awarded for innovation and 5 prizes were awarded for academic excellence.7 students received prizes under the category of sporting activities, 3 students were honored for their acts of bravery and one child was honored for her works for the community.
Referring to the decline in the number of people working in agriculture, the Prime Minister said that this figure should surprise the people in the agriculture sector. avoid agriculture, as agriculture is necessary to produce food.
They also discussed the Terminal Benefit which the government has not paid since MeSEB was converted into a Corporation in 2010. Many states have paid this but Meghalaya has not. the employees were not paid.
A Gypsy vehicle (ML-02-1873) has collided with a police bus (ML-02-1873) parked near the Gypsy vehicle. Jowai has registered a complaint against the robbers.
In a leaflet published and distributed by COMSO today, they have explained in detail about the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday held the 1st Maitshaphrang Achiever's Awards at Sports Club, Lower Lumparing.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Khlur Syiemlieh.
On this occasion, there was also a discussion on the topic of “Quality Council of India” to support this treatment to provide relief from diseases. that medicine.
The festival was organized by the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of India in collaboration with the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education (NSS Cell). Dr.RC Laloo said, “I am pleased and will be with you from the opening day of the festival until the closing ceremony. Phi don” He also advised the students to be diligent in their studies although there is a time to spend but they should know how to save time how to prepare books and should complete their studies. .
The award was given to the trainees from June to July 2024 which is the 105th batch of trainees with about 2200 youths from across the North Eastern States.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Many people including policemen have been injured in a clash in Ichamati village today.
This is the money that has been in existence since the time of the Congress government and the present government.
There are 33 candidates in the mid-term MDC elections, and the people will get their right to vote tomorrow morning whom they will send as their leaders to the House. The authorities in charge of the MDC election have already provided all the necessary equipment and police to guard the polling stations at each polling station.
The Integrated Command and Control Center and Shopping Complex at Polo, constructed at a cost of T.214 crore and T.100 crore, will be completed within this year.
The Seng wants to walk in a peaceful manner with the rules of law but if the authorities are blind, the Seng will have to take the law into its own hands for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, did not raise any issue at the meeting convened tomorrow. to all who are in the congregation.
“We have the opinion that if the Hon'ble Supreme Court holds that the sub-classification of ST/SC is legal under the Constitution of the country, then on this basis of the majority of Khasi- Jaintia, the share should be 50%, Garo should get 40% and other ST groups should get 3%.
He said that in Meghalaya, Assam and Manipur, the government has turned a blind eye to the Inner Line Permit and this shows that the Indian government does not care about the people. Nongtraw said that they have the right to take their own decision in the Khaddar administration.
In Nongstoin, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, unfurled the flag and on this occasion, various government departments performed the ceremony.
Referring to the information received, he added that according to the All India Survey for Higher Education for the year 2018-19, the Gross Enrollment Ratio (GER) for female students is slightly higher than to the men.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Union Minister of State for Finance Pankaj Chaudhury and Minister of State for Science Dr Jitendra Singh will be present on the occasion. G20 Secretary Amitabh Kant Sherpa, Home Secretary Somanath S and SPACe Chairman Dr Pawan Kumar Goenka will attend the meeting.
On the other hand, the BSF has handed over to the police to do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: A total of 1428 participants, 715 men and 713 women attended the Shad Suk Myniem at Madan Weikingng this year. and the dancers came unto him.
I am the son of my mother and I was not born and my mother did not teach me to go and kill people when I grow up,” said the party leader.
The seizure of drugs, alcohol, gold, free goods and money plays a major role in the election process.
The names of the MLA candidates are Balajiedkupar Synrem of UDP, Komen Laitmon, India, Grace Mary Kharpuri, India, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga, INC, Joshua Warjri, BJP and Mosjo Rock. , March 01: Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, who is also the General Secretary of the HSPDP party in the MDA government, on Tuesday said that the MEMRIWU protest has affected the people. should solve this problem.
This is exactly like cutting a cup and a piece of wood.
Some experts, sports managers, and later I used my own experience, ...it started in
General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem confirmed and welcomed the full office bearers of HYC NEHU Unit. join the Seng.
: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast heavy rainfall from the night of the 26th to the 28th of this month.
Through the acquisition of this new school building and he said that there are many other things that need to be done as part of the development of this school and for that it needs the cooperation of all teachers, parents and government agencies, he said.
He also gave examples of some of the works such as the cleaning of footpaths where he and the Dorbar Shnongs have gone to inform the State Government, the construction of necessary roads which have been delayed for decades, Besides the follow-up to include some villages in Mawlai to receive the 100 days scheme which has been successful with equal visits and these have been successful for the benefit of the people of Mawlai.
He said that the company he set up known as “Techno Beet India Limited” is to train the youth of Meghalaya so that they can get jobs in factories and start jobs. own, but unfortunately, the government has not given it recognition.
The most affected villages are in Hatmawdon area, between Ryngkut and Danggar and between these areas there are about 50 villages which have been affected. affected by the collapse of roads where vehicles can no longer deliver food.
The Mission has about 7,800 projects worth T.1.8 lakh crore of which 5,700+ projects (73%) worth T.1.1 lakh crore (60%) have been completed.
This Cricket Tournament was held as part of the memory of the Leader and Minister of Mawkyrwat Village who worked hard to eradicate evil in Mawkyrwat Market in the past. and also on the strong cooperation with the party as the Nongialam Shnong during the various activities that the party has to carry out from time to time when the Jaitbynriew needs it.
At present, it is not clear where the man got the disease but it is similar to the first case of COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong has been completed.
The union has demanded that the government should withdraw the dismissal order of the DC of West Jaintia Hills District within three days or else they will hold an indefinite strike.
Shillong, July 04: Meghalaya today held an Inter-School Athletic Meet with the participation of students from all districts of the state.
Shillong, November 21: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to request T.2500/- crore from the Central Government for the installation of 100 percent meters in Meghalaya.
The flooding of the Sub Center has caused the staff to be unable to provide treatment to the patients, as well as to stay in the area but has also affected the full operation of the Sub Centre. Sub Centre.
The HYC Central Body through its President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem has found that there has been a huge problem regarding the purchase of tin sopiing by the government through the relevant department. They demanded that the government should return the Corrugated Aluminum Roofing Sheets handed over to the C&RD Block in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the KSU leaders said that the change of color of the Ranikor River has caused the death of fish in the river.
The suspension will come into force from 23rd August
In the face of the Covid-19 pandemic, Myntri Rangbah Duh praised the determination of the members who have not allowed any difficulty to affect the work of the Legislative Assembly.
He also informed the public that all Hima and villages cannot sell land to the military.
“We must explore these values ​​and we must work hard to promote these.
According to the 2011 census, Mylliem Block has a population of more than 3 lakh and the government has taken this decision. to divide into another Block as many government schemes are implemented through the Block.
Speaking to reporters, Marngar said that the residents of Umtrai, Umsiang, these villages have not had electricity for many months now and unfortunately there is a shortage of workers in the area.
Currently, the country's athletes compete in about 40 sports.
The Indian Forest Amendment Act 2019 and others are harmful to our state.
Shillong, Nailur 25: There are 208 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 129 cases in West Khasi Hills and 28 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are 1945 cases in which the number of deaths is still high.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The South East Khasi Hills District Demand Forum (SADC) has expressed its gratitude to the support received for the upgradation of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to a full district.
There are 118 cases in total.
In his speech, the District Agriculture Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Bah WH Pakyntien, urged the farmers to go to the office of the Department of Agriculture and not take the assistance they should get at a reasonable price.
: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday inaugurated the Maitshaphrang Fitness Center at Mawïongrim Village.
Alcohol abuse, smoking and misguidance through social media may be the main reasons for this change and set a bad example for children. read not long.
It was organized by the Press Information Bureau, Maharashtra – Goa, Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India.
The march was organized by the William Initiative in collaboration with the Northern United Club and government officials of West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills. and Zenith M Sangma.
Shillong, July 05: The Estimate Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today visited Rajkiya Protibha Vikas Vidyalaya, Naya Basti, New Delhi. in this city.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease. There will be shortcomings here and there without affecting the livelihood of the people in this struggle.
“What has been done is the thanks of the MLA from 17-Shillong North Constituency,” said Pyndap.
In the past five years there has been a 74% decrease in insurgent attacks, a 60% decrease in attacks on armed groups and an 89% decrease in civilian deaths, while about 8,000 youths have surrendered. and join the community.
The Seng will not allow and will not stand idly by for them to infiltrate the economy of Bri Hynniewtrep.
The reduction in interest rate will be for one year and will be implemented by NABARD and RBI. the part to improve the agriculture of the farmers.
In the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, although there were no incidents, the markets were closed in Shillong and there were few vehicles.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel was one such prominent hero who shaped the future of India in a significant way with one idea.
This is very beneficial to the farmers.
The shop was opened by the players and coach of the club and was named “The Mobile Centre”.
At the same time, there will be a hearing on 28th June 2024 for the lifting of the Stay Order.
That the signing of the approval on the enactment of the Hima Forest at Mawpat was done without consulting or holding any meeting of the chiefs to discuss the matter.
The discussion was fruitful in which the Union Minister promised to support the holding of a large meeting to provide assistance to the disabled in Shillong and Tura.
During the meeting, the Minister said that the government has appointed doctors at seven government health centres, Bataw PHC, Iooksi PHC, Nangbah PHC, Namdong PHC, Pdengshakap PHC and Laskein CHC.New Delhi, Naitung 15: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, tomorrow morning will meet with all the Chief Ministers of the States of the country at the first meeting of the “Inter- The State Council meeting was held in Delhi.
In the letter, Bah Banshai said that according to the information of the parents who want to send their children to the school, it has invited classes for the year The results have not been released yet and this has put many people in shock because how they were allowed to take the forms in advance even in the midst of the fight against COVID-1
The Sixteenth Finance Commission may review the arrangements for disaster assistance under the Disaster Management Act, (53 of 2005), and to give her opinion on this.
If a hospital is recognized by NABH, it is considered to be a good hospital and is recognized internationally.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has clarified that e-commerce companies are allowed to operate only those related to essential goods.
At present, the water supply of the PHE is no longer adequate as before, the water supply is only between 7 pm and 8 pm which lasts only about 15 or 20 minutes in the evening. It doesn't happen while other places get rest in the evening, and on top of that, Bunkipor comes with a fourth jngut, which is dirty water, which is not used.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA) today held a Lok Adalat to hear the case of food allowance for the elderly at the High Court of Meghalaya, Shillong.
The Frontier Headquarters of BSF in Umpling has been declared as a Containment Zone since last night. to leave.
The government is against the CAA and for this reason the state government wants the 3% of the CAA, 2019 to be released from Meghalaya. India and also with the Minister of Home Affairs of India to exempt Meghalaya 100% from the CAA,
For the residents who need foreign architects to design their houses, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to allow foreign contractors to work within 10 months.
The Technology Upgradation Fund (TUFS) is a scheme linked to loans for the innovation and development of technology in the textile industry, the development of ease of doing business, the opening of employment opportunities and export promotion.
Speaking to media at the NEHUSU office, NEHU, he said that the university has done too much in improving the marks of the students in the fourth semester. of BA this year.
The ILP is not a ban on economic development or tourism but a ban on the illegal immigration of foreigners into our state.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the Science Stram School and Laboratory at St Gabriel's Higher Secondary School Upper Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson. Dohling is also the MLA of the constituency.
Madanryting PS Police on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene to recover the body of the driver and took the seriously injured driver to Shillong Civil Hospital.
On the other hand, DC FM Dopth and Superintendent of Police V Singh on receiving this information went to Ladlyiah village to meet with these people who were still in the rally.
Shylla said that the deposit of Weljone Syiemlieh to the KHCF is not only Rs.50,00,000.00 (fifty lakh tyngka) but more than Rs. .90,00,000.00 was deposited mostly into the A/c of ​​KHCF and the rest was paid to other expenses belonging to KHADC. he accused.
As in Tripura, the indigenous people have become small and the foreigners have become large, the BJP wants the same thing to happen in Tripura throughout North East India.
Secretary, Youth Affairs, Government of India, Meeta R. Lochan, Dr Vijay Chauthaiwale, Mentor, Y20 Secretariat, India, AnmolSovit, Chair for Youth 20 Engagement Group and officers of the Ministry attended the meeting. this program.
He cited the example of the earthquake in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh last year and the DoNER Department immediately took the responsibility to work together between the State Governments and the Central Government, despite the large number of officers. The Minister expressed his satisfaction when he learned that in the past two years, 100 percent of the funds allocated by the DoNER Department for the current fiscal year before the end of the fiscal year.
Shillong, Lber 27: Rishabh Bawri, owner of M/s Hardeodas Jagannath Pvt.
The collision occurred between a tourist taxi Alto 800, ML05 N 5421 coming from Shillong to 7 Mile when it collided with a local taxi Maruti 800 ML05 K 4780, which was coming up from one side.
As the Sordar in the past years, he has met with the SDO of PWD of Patharkhamah Sub Division and in this meeting he said that the office has already provided the documents. leaves but until now it remains like this.
Since that day, the police have been searching for him and on receiving information that he is in Kolkatta, the police have informed the police of the city. He was arrested on Chittaranjan Avenue.
: Following the death of a young woman who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS hospital after allegations of negligence and distrust of doctors, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Friday She met with the Director Dr. Nalin Mehta to find out the truth.
When the new Government comes, if necessary, we will tell you to hold a protest,” said the President of KAS. The issues facing society these days such as the spread of drugs, the spread of HIV/AIDS, the spread of corruption that people talk about but which is difficult to prove it.
KSU West Khasi Hills District President Samla Franklin Syiemiong said that during the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the KSU West Khasi Hills District has demanded that the government should provide them with health care. employee of Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
She said that the officers of the Enforcement Directorate have promised that if they find that the complaint of the CSWO is true, the office will take action. Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem today cast his vote. on Account for the three months of KHADC and this allocation has reached T.76,73,50,8
However, the health authorities have advised that during these festive seasons, the public should wear masks when going out. go anywhere, wash your hands, and follow the rules as much as possible.
The purpose of this Rule 2016 is to gradually rehabilitate the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities who live from this mining industry especially those who live in the rural areas bordering Bangladesh.
The winners of the competition received prizes and cash prizes and on this day a poetry reading was held by the winners and a book published by the AIPC was launched which included only the poems of winners in this book.
The blood donation was inaugurated by ADG, NER Major General Raju Chauhan.
The party has already told Bah Dkhar not to do what he used to do but he has not listened to what the party has done. otherwise, he shall not be removed from the position he has held within the party.
The discussion also focused on the fees, which vary from school to school.
In Meghalaya, the government notice will be issued on 20/3/2024 to start the registration of candidates, the deadline for registration of candidates will be on 27/3/2 28/3/2024, to withdraw from the election on 30/3/2
Police have been following up on the movement of the suspect for more than a month to find out the movement of the suspect. this rank.
It is alleged that the ANVC has used groups of newly recruited members to prevent the ANVC(B) leaders from recognizing them.
He said that the hearing was held in November and will be held again on 17th June
Donny Ranee, Vice President NKFI represented MAKO at the meeting.
This will apply to those who play music after 10 pm.
On this occasion, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, asked which rule has led to the request to take the report. On this occasion, Deputy CEM Pynshngian N Syiem said that in fact there is no such rule in the AD Rule of KHADC. The report was brought before the House and the decision of the House was taken.
On November 1, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.10,000 and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.
The date for review of nominations will be
This social agreement will benefit the people living in these areas and will ensure peace and development.
There are three constituencies in West Khasi Hills District: 23-Mairang-Nongkhlaw. There are 34,051 voters and 26,668 voters turned out to vote. In Pariong-Mawthadraishan MDC Constituency, the turnout was 32,230 and the turnout was 24,116 with a turnout of 74.82pc.
From the Sur of Jaintia Hills, we invite all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep, including various Sengbhalang groups, Unions of Waheh Shnongs, Women's Organizations, Youth Organizations villages, vehicle owners' associations and all the people to attend.
This ban is for any inquiry or collection of documents, even if it is in the homes of people, with the permission of the Returning Officer & District Election, Shillong.
The JSU said that the hospital needs to be improved by bringing in senior doctors and promoting the doctors who have been here for a long time so that they can provide better services to the people. the whole district.
The Community Health Park has been constructed by the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun as part of the efforts to provide opportunities for the residents of Lawsohtun.
According to police, it is suspected that a group of car thieves have committed the crime.
On 9th June 2022, the leaders of the HYC Nongtrai Unit under the leadership of Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh Vice President visited the HYC Nongtrai Unit. The swearing-in ceremony of these members was held at the village hall of Nongtrai.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the party, said in a statement.
The union alleged that this action of the government is illegal because the land in the state does not belong to the government but to private individuals. The government's action is illegal, said the letter sent to the Chief Secretary of the state.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Government authorities today allowed the opening of meat shops in different parts of Shillong.
The entry fee for each participant is T.100/- per head or group. The winner will receive a cash prize of T.1,50,000/-, the second runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.70,000/- and the third runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.1,50,000/-. T.50,000/-, three consolation prizes and three chess prizes.
On the same day, the foundation stone was laid for the solar power plant which will help in providing electricity to the villages with the cooperation of the people in Chenangre. The farmers' market in Baghabatta is located in North Garo Hills District.
The GNC recently left for Delhi to submit petitions to the Union Ministers from the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and this support of the PDF is another milestone in the demand of the GNC. to Garoland.
PM planting a sapling during the inauguration of new campus of Nalanda University at Rajgir, in Bihar on June 19, 2024.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat, said that the IPPAI should submit a report to the State Government for consideration and the Government is ready to cooperate for the produces electricity in this state.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umiam Circle today visited the villages of Umiam Circle to collect the labor license and trading license of foreign workers. Ladumsaw and Sumer villages during the inspection, the union found that many foreign workers do not have labor license but can work freely as they wish.
With humility and responsibility we urge the people of the state to support us physically and spiritually with responsibility so that it will be a blessing for the future generations. There are some people who think only of their own interests and who are the enemies of the indigenous people in the state, because they do not push us to lose the rights and uniqueness of the indigenous people.
Shillong, K.Lyngkot 26: While Meghalaya is celebrating its 73rd Republic Day, the BSF troops on the border have conducted a border patrol to ensure peace and order. .
Some of the specially invited guests will visit the National War Memorial and meet Defense Minister Ajay Bhatt as part of their stay in Delhi.
There are 463 TrueNat testing labs (Government: 420 + Private: 43).
“I want to join Congress because this government cannot do anything.
At this meeting, they said that they do not agree with the order of the DC of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi to violate the rule of the TGCSU as unfounded and illegal, and now it is time to don't have your own state.
“We will hold a special prayer on this day for Manipur and we have also invited other religions to participate in this day,” he said. participants to refrain as much as possible from carrying placards and banning incendiary and incendiary slogans.
The order was issued under 144 CrPC after receiving a complaint from the Executive Engineer in charge of the road. heavy vehicles conquers the road.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs has not spoken clearly on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District today morning came to lay down its banners at the State Central Library, where the government is celebrating the 47th Anniversary of the Independence Day. The state is not the whole of Meghalaya.
Chyne also spoke on the need to develop the agriculture sector as the state is the largest consumer of meat.
RPF Police, State Police and those arrested were punished under the Railway Act. The RPF also arrested 437 people. people who used to steal the belongings of passengers on the train.
These thieves, when they have stolen, sell them in the market by changing their passwords and ask the shopkeepers for boxes to show that there is no stolen mobile.
Sanbor confirmed that they will contest the MDC election but in what way they will do so will be after meeting with the party leaders as they have not yet been able to announce publicly. what they intend to do.
From the point of view of the people, it was seen that the department has been repaired 2 or 3 times without being able to use it for the benefit of the people. until now in 2020.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District regarding the insults of the party on social media.
The Chief Minister said the government has taken many measures to restore peace and order in the state and especially in East Khasi Hills District. The Central Government has already started arriving to help bring peace and stability.
He said that he paid T.3500 tyngka as a fine and when he got the drugs he had to pay T.2500 tyngka from Grace.
“The newly opened Guest House is located on an area of ​​1780.56 SqM and will provide accommodation and meeting facilities.
I congratulate the entire family of Assam Rifles and wish the Principal, teachers of the school and especially the students.
The strike started on 18th November 2022 until today but NEHU has not issued a statement, but they have not issued a statement until today, but what they do is they complain to the DC if they want to transfer them. The land shall be given to another only if it is sufficient and clean.
Indira Kharsati is also a relative of Samuel Kharsati, Diamon Kharsati, Ibaiadei Shisha Kharsati and Lastborn Kharsati and the two late Cambell Kharsation and Teobor Kharsati. dwar to blei.
The HYC said that during the meeting with the Chief Minister's Secretary, Prestone, he promised that he will convene a meeting with the civil society and political parties to discuss the issue. and when Bill.
“Since the dam closure, the work has not been able to continue and now this road has been resumed and it is a blessing to the people.
The two organizations strongly condemn the stone throwing of women policemen in Motphran. This act cannot be accepted. it is not theirs, the statement said.
Bindas started her indefinite strike at 12:30 pm on Friday and continues till 10:00 pm on Thursday. .
Jowai, November 11: In connection with the preparations for the Synod Service of the KJP Synod Mihngi to be held at the Mynso Presbyterian Church on the 13th -16th October They were quickly prepared to welcome the Synod service in this village.
The Minister also spoke about the issue of medicines.
A committee has been set up headed by the Secretary of District Council Affairs, CV Diengdoh, which will include the ADC leaders from the department. law and the Ministry of Land Management.
According to the rules, if the state government delays in releasing the funds to the District Councils, the state government will have to pay the interest according to the days it has withheld the funds. The KHADC has already written to the government not to pay the amount of Rs.
The office bearers and members of the party are requested to take action to attend the meeting.
Replying to a supplementary question by Saleng, the Chief Minister said that to encourage students to sit for the IAS examination, the state government has set up an IAS training center which has been running for two years through ALS. Shillong, Lber 10: The Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today informed that the State Government has suspended Peter S Dkhar IAS. He will soon be the mediator from the state government and AK Mishra IPS from the central government to talk peace with the HNLC.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has protested against the payment of salaries to 450 nurses in Meghalaya for three months. They have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that they should pay their salary.
In his speech, Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew, Managing Director, Online Tent Service Centre, congratulated the Ministry of Entrepreneurship Skill Development for opening the office of the Online Tent Service Centre. .
: Pandora Diengdoh, mother of the President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, said that on Tuesday night, police raided their residence in Laitryngew village. They locked the door of the house without saying a word and said that the lock of the house felt like they were going to break down the house.
“Today, the world has turned the oceans into battlefields but we have shown the world that the oceans are the platforms that can ensure peace between countries,” he said.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the decision was taken to avoid the salary increase of the Chief Minister. the Prime Minister and the Ministers of the Interior.
The KSU's continued donation to the hospitals is part of the spiritual assistance and to share the burden of the hospitals due to the severe impact of Covid-1
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Wahthapbru, Bah Raja Chullai and Pawan Bawri. The meeting was attended by the Village Authority, Seng Samla and Seng Longkmie. part of the 50th Anniversary Celebration of this Village.
The case was filed by Umsawkhwan Village and Stanlywiss Rymbai Against the Meghalaya Government, the plaintiffs were represented by seven Muktiars, including VGK Kynta, K.K. Wahlang, RJ Nongbet, R Thangkhiew and K Khonglah while on the government side, ND Shullai was represented.
There will also be a performance by Baah Lou Majaw and the Shillong Chambers Choir.
If the PA System/Loud Speaker is used without permission, it will be confiscated immediately by the district authorities.
Expressing his regret over this superstition, Dino said that in India there are laws made by the central government and those made by the government.
The purpose of this meeting was to get detailed information regarding the incident in Nagaland so that such an incident will not happen again in other places as well.
The meeting also discussed the use of money during the elections.
The Sub-Junior National Judo Championship 2013 will be held from 4th to 9th July 2013 in Manipur. India as a whole.
“If you want to ask questions about the incident that day, you should send a letter (hajir) and send them to the police station and yesterday I heard that they (police) arrested ) within 1:30 p.m.
Tens of lakhs of students have witnessed the participation in the campaigns conducted in the past months.
Phone users can send a complaint of loss of mobile phone and ID proof via internet to the police station to ban the use of their mobile phone on all Indian mobile networks across the country.
Training offerings come much later.
Within hours of posting this news on the YouTube Channel of Batesi Tv, some people reported the theft from their shop.
Out of the 15 PSUs in the state, only one SPSU (Forest Development Corporation Meghalaya Limited) has seen a profit at the end of 2016-1
Although there are three candidates, the contest is between the NPP candidate and the Congress candidate.
U Bah R Syngkli who was one of the trainers on this day in front of the audience and many of the fish farmers who came to listen to this training. He taught the public how to improve the quality of fish farming according to the present era and when taking the umngap from the ksing they have the necessary equipment without destroying the umngap.
Meghalaya has led the way in an economy that recognizes the value of the environment and its protection.
On the other hand, the KSU reminds the MDA government that it has forgotten to push harder to the NDA government on important issues like ILP, Khasi language to be included in the 8th Schedule and others.
“We are grateful to the DC and DTO of EJHD for their hard work in preparing for this project.
 Consume boiled or chlorinated water for safety.
The Minister replied that 1118 contract teachers from LP schools and 72 contract teachers from UP schools have been dismissed in June 2021. The Minister said that it is in West Garo Hills that the teachers have been dismissed. There are 264 students in LP schools but 91 students have been dropped out.
“We strongly urge the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to implement the The ILP and we did not demand the implementation of the Tenancy Act, when we asked for the dohsyiar he gave us a Pashor kait and this is unacceptable and the government should implement the ILP to protect the Tenancy Act. The General Secretary of the KSU said that if the ILP is implemented in the state, there will be no impact on the country and the nation. Tourism and those who spread that if the ILP is implemented will affect the tourism industry is just a trick to mislead and mislead the people of the state.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 1432 so far, with one death from Ri Bhoi District.
This group provides training to these children.
The curfew will be imposed only in West Khasi Hills District. The four organizations have also warned against anyone who takes advantage of the road blockade during the hours of the Bhalang organizations.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Flaming B Marak Joint Secretary of NGEA said that the indefinite strike will start at 10.00 pm to demand that the government should do something about the salary. which has remained 32 months now.
However, it is sad to see that individuals who cry out for money, status and power have reduced themselves to the status of slaves when they offer themselves or are bought by the political slave traders who fight with them. people and who promote manifestos as sales in the marketplace.
The Government has continued to strengthen the staff in the fight against COVID-1
Students can take the examination online and NEHU will do whatever is necessary in terms of providing the questions and getting the answers for the students who wish to take the examination. online , but for those students who cannot take the exam online they can take the exam offline at the exam centers arranged by NEHU.
Police have lodged a complaint and according to police information, there was a party and during this party there was a fight. which is related to this incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The FKJGP Laitlyngkot Circle after the residents of Laitlyngkot Circle came to complain to the FKJGP about the problems they face through the blind light which has affected the work of the city and the city. Load Shedding has started from 6:00 AM to 9:00AM, because during these hours all the working hours of the Longing They are still busy with the cleaning and other household chores to ensure that their children go to school and before they go to their jobs.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has said that this is in accordance with the powers conferred on her under Section 144 CrPC. .
The symposium featured speeches by two great thinkers of Khasi literature, Dr.BR Kharlukhi on the topic “The Beginnings of ABK in Khasi Schools” and Babu SS Majaw on “The Beginnings of ABK in Khasi Schools”. Both of them are former Presidents of the Khasi Authors' Society.
In this regard, the GSU has been raising its demands from time to time by holding protests, but this time the GSU does not want to see the people suffer.
In Tura, Agatha Sangma filed her nomination papers from the NPP today, accompanied by party President Conrad K Sangma who is also the Chief Minister, Cabinet and party leaders.
Regarding the demand of the NEHUSU students, Mawjaw said that they have already submitted the same petition to the Chief Minister for about three months but there is no sign of any support. They will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya who is also a member of NEHU. About 2000 students of the state have to take these examinations. that students may be elected to the rank of Assistant Professor in colleges and as Junior Research in universities.
At present, the people have criticized these existing ethnic parties and also the Congress party which has not been able to protect the minority people of the state.
According to the FIR, the driver of the truck fled the scene but some residents who saw this chased and arrested him and handed him over to the police. He was remanded in judicial custody at Jowai District Jail.
On the same day, the Shillong Press Club also held a signing ceremony to condemn this tragic incident.
We urge the people that the time has come for us not to talk or thnum inside the house but it is time for us to come out and express and do something about these government's mistakes. sha you for.
Referring to the presence of troops in parts of Assam near Langpih, Conrad said that the Chief Minister of Assam and the Director General of Police of Assam have said that the presence of troops in parts of Assam near Langpih. The incident happened on the road but it had nothing to do with the incident at Umawli.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Saibon said that the party condemns the actions of Adelbert and will now meet with the authorities. of the ECI on this issue.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Monalisa Wankhar, a resident of Shillong, said that she is against the announcement by the Minister of State, Ampareen Lyngdoh. Government's plan to relocate the land vendors from Laitumkhrah Main Road to Lady Veronica Lane.
Shillong, March 31: The KNGCSU led by Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh General Secretary and other leaders of the KNGCSU today met with the heads of the KNGCSU. MeECL department in Jowai has requested not to turn off the lights especially at night during the examination of students and school children as it has affected the students to prepare for the examination. the day that comes.
The weight categories in the wrestling belt are 60kg, 70kg, 80kg, 90kg, 100kg, 100kg for men and 55kg, 60kg and 65kg for women.
He reviewed the activities and initiatives of the field units of the Central Bureau of Communication operating in the North East.
Former HNLC Chairman Julius Kibok Dorphang who contested as an independent candidate from Mawhati constituency and Lambok Mylliemngap from the NeSDP have won the election. Ing Dorbar Thawain 2013.
Referring to the Umsherpi River from Dhankheti to Nan Polok, the Chief Minister said that he will see if it can be restored as part of the restoration of the Umsherpi River. the name of the Nan Polok.
The President of the KSU said that the problem of infiltration of foreigners has been going on for many decades and the message that the KSU wants to send now is The Central Government and the State Government should implement the ILP or face the protests of the people of the State.
Former CEm of JHADC, Bah Lamdibok Sumer, has resigned on the orders of the MPCC in June this year. The Deputy CEM and EM have not been appointed for two months. (SP News).
We hope that this Dictionary will remove all the spellings, phrases and mistakes,” said Dr. Nonglait.
In poor and low-income countries, only tourists from rich countries are attracted but those who come to earn money are very few.
At present, there are about 700 employees in the JHADC and the cost of paying the salaries of all the employees per month is about T.6 crore. There are about 300 teachers.
The Seng also wishes to congratulate those youths who have not reached the goal this time, that they will not lose hope, but that they will continue to work hard so that they can do well in another field. and to remember that victory is not the last resort but that it will be the stepping stone to the goal of victory.
Shillong, November 05: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) has had to cover its own expenses for the past four years due to the shortage of cows, pigs and goats. and it was not opened until now.
“I am clean and I have three bank accounts.
The demand of the AMPF and the implementation of the AFSPA in Garo Hills is shocking and perhaps something behind it, as it seems that the entire North East is standing in one voice to abolish this AFSPA. law.
In a statement, Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills, Pawar Swapnil Vasantrao said that on the evening of July 18, 2024, four unidentified robbers were arrested in an Aprilia Scooty. They robbed a Bajaj Pulsar 220 (black) (AS18 E-7925) of Rs 80,000 from the suspects and two mobile phones and SIM cards.
Shillong, July 29: Members of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) today held a sit-in in front of the Secretariat on 28/6 /2022 without the permission of the District Administration.
“Many Khasi youths who have become addicted to alcohol are only langknia while those who supply and addict alcohol are mostly khyllah jait,” said the FKJGP leader while addressing the confirmation meeting. joined the party which was held at the office of the party at Mawlai Kynton Massar, Shillong on the 3rd of this month.
In this regard, Titosstarwell Chyne suggested to the EC Pyniaid Syiem to take action to establish a Traditional Institute to preserve the traditional customs and traditions.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) urges all political parties to fulfill the promises they have made in their manifestos on the IOA & AA. The Chief Minister was informed that the FKS has been demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state but it has not been successful. The State Government intends to bring a resolution on the ILP but it should be brought along with the resolution on the IOA & AA. The Dorbar Assembly shall be convened for one day to bring a resolution not only on the ILP but also on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17th August 1948 which shall be in accordance with the treaty terms and especially. in accordance with Rule 5 of the Instrument of Accession by referring to the interpretation of Section 7 of the Indian Independence Act
The Union of Rangbah Kur was established on 7th July, 2019 with Bah HS Shylla as the Chief Executive Member and Bah Living Stone Kharpran as the Chief Executive Member. Aristotle Lyngdoh Mawphlang and the Chief Secretary Bah Salamlin Lyngdoh, including several senior office bearers.
In her speech, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of IT, Government of Meghalaya, said that this fair will help the people to understand how to pay for jobs without using jobs. The money will help and at the same time it will remove the fear of paying bills using mobile phones.
The students of the college have also met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on the same issue. decision of the state government in the newspapers and is now waiting to receive the statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Due to the sudden increase in the number of cases of Covid-19, two members of the Tymmen U San Group together with the Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Group of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, went up to the holy Mountain to perform the thanksgiving ceremony.
The mistake here is that no senior leader of the party should take such a post because the job requires such a leader to speak from time to time when there are different incidents or problems. Ex-CEM, KHADC, Bah Bindo M. Lanong, who has held many positions in the State, especially the senior most leader of the UDP Party. Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Latiplang Kharkongkor today.
Sagar's motorcycle (ML05L-4561) while Amrit's motorcycle (ML04B-8895) was registered.
According to the ancients, those who could carry these heavy stones to the end were considered the best man, and the strongest and Da Oo Hi Dhar lived up to the expectations.
On this occasion, there was also a tree planting ceremony in the grounds of the houses.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Shabong said, “These events and trainings are part of the mandate of the Prime Minister of the country who is working tirelessly for the advancement of the work of the Prime Minister. farmers across India.
He said that the KSU has lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Sohra Hima but the KSU has not received any explanation or reply on this issue. and the king of Hiam Sohrah.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: There are 10 new cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, two in East Khasi Hills District and eight cases in West Garo Hills District.
Former MLAs from Garo Hills Limison D Sangma and Billykid A Sangma have been appointed as Co-Chairmen of the MSPB.
This is a warning to all those in power whether Ministers or officers or doctors if they do not take action to be at the forefront to protect the State on this issue they will be held accountable.
The most frightening thing is that gradually, this drug trade could create gangs of traffickers who will use the latest technology to traffic in drugs,” said the statement.
According to the confession of the arrested, he was only a carrier and was sent to deliver to unidentified persons at Purakhasia Market in West Garo Hills District.
A total of 1600 passengers were stranded at the two railway stations and 119 of them were evacuated by helicopters of the Indian Army. with the assistance of the army, employees of the Railway Department and many other groups.
Police have urged the public to come forward and report on the presence of drug traffickers.
All the UDP MLAs have submitted a letter of resignation from the party in the MLA elections to be held in early
The police have issued this order on 24/8/2
The seized cows were handed over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Road Construction Department of the Meghalaya Government has sent work to repair the road from Pynursla to Dawki to improve this overpaid road.
On the other hand, the residents of Lakadong Ummat also told the Seng that during the tenure of Secretary VEC Prowell P Phawa, he did not implement the 100 days scheme which is the reward of the people who have worked hard in the scheme. The time to improve the village through the MGNREGS Scheme, until there was a stir in the village and later the people understood him.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Clubs, she said that the number of Duma users in Meghalaya has increased rapidly. many in terms of health and affecting children who are still in the process of growing up.
The names of the participants are, Dayalangki Challam, Loreenia Mawlong, Stephanie Sun, Edahunsha Challam, Daiahunlin Pde, Rosezana Kharkongor, Impera Makdoh, Wilson Mawblei, Izadaphishisha Khongwar, Elisheba Khongwar, .
In the discussion between the members of the committee and the Chief Minister on the recommendations and recommendations of the committee, the committee has completed this report and the problems of the people should be looked into from the beginning. The committee has suggested to set up complaint boxes in each block where the public can complain.
Dr Mukul said there have been attempts by other parties to attract Congress MLAs but they have been able to prevent it, as in other states MLAs are attracted and this is a difficult task. most to do, as a leader you have to listen to their problem because this is not my personal problem I should clearly understand that.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: After the scrutiny of the documents of all the candidates, it was found that only the Congress has nominated its candidates in all the constituencies.
According to information received, the light outage inside the revenue collection office has been going on since the first day and has continued until today. You don't have to pay your taxes.
Recently, the Minister of State has delivered black pepper seeds to the farmers of the area so that they can generate income by cultivating this crop.
Many people have been arrested but it is not known where they are and no one has ever seen the shape of the tree. Many of those involved in the murder of Lurshai have disappeared and fled. we don't know.
From 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Agatha K Sangma of the NPP won by 63,771 votes against former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. Congress.
She urged the parents to take responsibility and teach their children what they should do and what they should not do, as there are cases when a child does not adults are involved in road accidents, the responsibility lies with the driver.
Taking pictures in public places shall be removed or cleaned within 48 hours, and taking pictures in private places shall be removed or cleaned within 72 hours from the date of announcement of the election.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of KHNAM said that in his leadership there are many challenges from the right and left but as young people who have decided to leave the responsibility as leaders of the nation.
During these three days, before leaving for Madan Weiking to complete the shad ka kmen, a prayer was held in front of the Khasi Seng Hall in Mawkhar.
Finally, the party strongly condemns this statement without careful reading of this leader because this shows that neither he nor his party has any concern for the indigenous people. and how to maintain their ownership in Meghalaya.
In Upper Primary, there are 21 teachers and 4 non-teachers and non-teachers.
The States have already been advised in advance on this matter in the last two months.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1015, with the death toll from the virus in East Khasi Hills District. The number of cases in the state has risen to
This consultation was held because of the increasing incidence of alcoholism, suicide or suicide among the elderly.
These centers are known as Random COVID Testing Centres.
Shillong, July 30: One hundred households have been enrolled under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) so far.
The KAS Leaders did not fail to inform the founders of the KAS with the promise to continue to discuss this issue which has been discussed within the Seng.
The presence of 2 women in the EC will help women to advocate for the welfare of women in their villages.
(Dr) BD Mishra, Governor of Arunachal Pradesh and Governor of Meghalaya.
The order issued today stipulates that if anyone does not work especially in the morning , the office will count their salaries , this is the order issued to all employees office from those who work during the day and muster roll workers as well.
The Minister also recalled that the Supreme Court has upheld privacy as one of the fundamental rights in our country.
However, they refused to pay the money and their refusal led to a heated argument and some of the youths also recorded video of the incident but their mobile phones were confiscated by the police. whose names are not known.
He said that Nongspung in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has 1274 voters, Kamsingh in Amlarem and Photeitsim in Amlarem. Ranikor has 36 voters in the election.
Speaking at the meeting, RK Saini, in charge of the ITBPF North East, said that the battalion is specially trained in mountain climbing.
Along the way, they also built bridges to lift the cows to the trucks.
HPF Ri Bhoi General Secretary Bah JF Tmung in the presence of other members of the HPF, Mawlasnai Youth Organization led by Bah Stadlang Masharing and elders. President of HPF Ri Bhoi, Bah Apbor Nongrum was also present.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Union Minister of State for Minorities, John Barla, on his visit to Shillong, visited Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital along with BJP leaders. I'm from Meghalaya.
After the water level in the Box Cutting, the water level has dropped by 13 inches.
On the part of his father, Bah Kitdor had planned to make Mairang the center of West Khasi Hills in all aspects and this has now come to an end for the whole of West Khasi Hills. one that still needs a lot of development work in all aspects.
HFU Central Body President Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Allfonbirth Kharsyntiew today met with Conrad Sangma at his office and presented seven demands for the HFU Central Body. promote agriculture in the state as a whole.
Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion, MLA and MDC of the area, Bah Titos Chyne said that this good performance of the youth in education is an honor for the area as a whole.
The swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs will be conducted by the Pro-tem Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira.
The group of poets from Meghalaya was led by Professor Streamlet Dkhar, Head of Khasi Department, North Eastern Hill University who received the award as Outstanding Poet and Writer of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 23: Ka KSU EJHDU on 21st July 2024 has met with Bah G.Warjri ADC EJHD regarding the absence of the DC. The meeting will take place on the 19th July
The taxi was leaving NEIGRIHNS to drop off passengers at Police Bazar. All four of them were from Assam who came for treatment at the hospital. Bazar but they have encountered this tragic incident.
Referring to Bah Vincent H Pala MP, MPCC President, he said that the MP's fight against the party is like the CEM of KHADC, but because he is an MP, they cannot. They should inform the AICC to take action.
The UDP through this statement strongly condemns those insurgents who intend to create trouble and also those who try to create instability.
After the speech, there was a presentation of the customs and traditions with the speakers who came to witness from other states.
Meghalaya will play its first Services match on 21st June, followed by Assam on 23rd June, Kerala on 25th June, Goa on 28th June and in Arunachal Pradesh on October 1,
In the case of HIV, our goal is to provide medicines, counselling, testing centers and others through ART centres.
At a meeting held today, the CoMSO has decided to continue the protest for the ILP by marching across the state of Meghalaya to express to the Central Government that the state needs the ILP. At this meeting it was decided that on 19/12/2020 all members of CoMSO have been directed to hold protests in the districts according to their wishes, without violating the Government SOPs related to COVID-1
Shillong, March 17: Father Jimmy Marngar, Pro-Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Shillong, today said that it is not yet known when the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will arrive in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the MLA, who is not part of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, said that he wants to win the election of the candidate who is not part of the MDA government. of the UDP and of the PDF, and independent candidates.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rgh DL Nongbri, Vice President of Seng Khasi Kmie and Member of the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee, said that the thanksgiving ceremony will start from early morning.
Besides the leaders of the party, many other groups also welcomed the Governor by laying flowers in the presence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. the state.
The meeting also discussed the role of women in society, women should be encouraged to understand the rights of indigenous peoples in their own areas.
The testing at the ICTC at MCH Hospital, Jowai will start from the Medical Checkup until the birth of the babies and if they are found to be infected, treatment will be started immediately. he shall not come down upon the children, while they are yet in the womb.
The gang steals vehicles from Meghalaya and Assam and when they steal them they take them to Manipur, Mizoram and Silchar to sell them.
We have not found any evidence but in the investigation if we get any information we will investigate this too.
Dawki is the only place where there is adequate transportation.
“Before the NGT ban on coal mining in Meghalaya, the factory at Lad-Jalyiah was known as M/s Abhi Coke Factory which burned coal but after the NGT ban on coal mining, the factory also burned coal. The factory has been closed down, but it is only in the past few months that the smoke has been seen again every day from the atoskhana of the factory which can affect the environment and the environment. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah H Deolangki Dkhar, Secretary General, AJYWO Central Body.
This year's Durga Puja was celebrated amidst joy and happiness, in which the people went from one pandal to another and government vehicles, JNURM buses were ordered to earn more than the time allotted for the transportation of passengers during this festive period.
The total number of recoveries today is 137, 95 from East Khasi Hills, 25 from West Garo Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills, 3 from North Garo Hills, 2 from South West Garo Hills and 2 from East Jaintia Hills. 1,Ri Bhoi 1 Total recoveries are
The Airports Authority of India is implementing plans to expand and upgrade these airports to meet various needs by upgrading airports in Chennai, Guwahati, Lucknow, Agartala, Patna and Srinagar. , Pune, Trichy, Vijayawada, Port Blair, Jaipur, Mangalore, Dehradun, Jabalpur, Kolhapur, Goa, Rupsi, Leh, Calicut, Imphal, Varanasi & Bhubaneswar at a cost of Rs 20178 crore in the next 4 to 5 years.
Arunachal Pradesh Governor (Retd) Lieutenant General Kaiwalya Trivikram Parnaik and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khanduki were also present on the occasion.
On the border issue, he said he had already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi to arrange for talks between the two Chief Secretaries of the two states.
The ceremony was conducted by MEPA Treasurer Banda Blah and was attended by MEPA President R Monarch Shabong, Vice President Rajib Choudhury, Advisor Patricia Mukhim and MEPA General Secretary John. W.Thabah and state journalists.
Members of KSU Nongthymmai Circle led by Samka Eric Nongkynrih President and Samla Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary have met with the authorities in charge of the school to complain about the incident.
During the three day hearing, the MHRC has confirmed to provide assistance of T.1,00,000/- through MePDCL to four mothers whose husbands have lost their lives. They died when they were hit by a light at Manikganj village in North Garo Hills District on 25th November
Speaking as the chief guest, the Governor said that the Swachh Bharat Mission is the desire of millions of people to keep their surroundings clean and cleanliness is the the rights of all.
Bad  Third Place Rs.20,000.
The JSU strongly condemns the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for not increasing the number of festivals and to mislead the people. the great cause of the country and the nation.
There is a need to strengthen the ethnic parties to hold power, like the MNF which took over the government in Mizoram today.
In the complaint to the police, the MDIC has alleged that forged documents, especially the letter signed by the former Assistant General Manager of the Corporation, have been forged. you are not thankful to the office.
The development of the skills of new teachers and training through Continuing Professional Development.
On the allegation that the BSF is delaying at the market, the Chief of Army Staff said that the BSF is doing its job but to allege that it is because of them that they are delaying is unfounded. The market opened at 9.00 am and closed at 4.00 pm.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner, Kong Matsiewdor, said that she has already issued a notice regarding the lifting of the curfew for today.
“In this regard, the Khasi Identity Certificate is essential for everyone before applying for the ST Certificate, first of all to get the Khasi Identity Certificate issued by the KHADC,” said Bah Paul. .
The Startup-20 Engagement Group, which will be launched under India's G20 presidency in 2023, aims to create a global environment to support startups and bring about balance between startups, companies. , investors.
Two of the bodies were buried together in one hole while another was found in another hole which is suspected to be the body of the driver of the vehicle.
Dr. KD Ramsiej, Vice President of KAS, in his short speech, said that Rev. Thomas Jones, visited Ri Khasi on the 22nd of this month. July 1841.
The President said the North East has a 5,300 kilometer border with other countries and therefore, the region is very important.
John also asked why the issues should be taken outside the party without the knowledge of the BJP MLAs. MLAs AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai were present at the meeting.
Jambor War MDC Mawthadraishan, who is also in charge of Elaka affairs within the KHADC, said that they have not yet received any letter but they have seen the announcement of the Chief Minister to District before the celebration of the Independence Day of India on 15th July
The CORP and COMSO will continue to check the number of people who come to the state without proper documents, according to a statement sent by Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President of the CORP. Shillong, Jymmang 11: A group of employees of MeECL under the banner of MeECL-JAC have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the immediate release of Speaking to reporters, JAC Chairman Bah TR Pdah, Chairman of the JAC, said that the government has decided to suspend the salary of T.840 crore which should have been received by the employees after the transformation of MeSEB into a company. He said that 40 years have passed since MeSEB was converted into a company since 10th June 2010 but the government has not yet paid.
New Delhi, June 02: The Minister of DoNER, Conrad K Sangma, today promised the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma that the Central Government will assist in the implementation of the DoNER project. does not develop in the state.
Sohtrun from Meghalaya has been sold across supermarkets in Dubai, Kuwait, Sharjah and more importantly, many of our farmers have now experienced the fruits of their hard work, which is more than twice the price. that used to sell all the time.
To do this is by initiating major projects at the central government level.
The total number of recoveries today is 177, 104 from East Khasi Hills, 43 from Ri Bhoi, 14 from West Garo Hills, 7 from North Garo Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from South West Khasi Hills. Hills 2 and 6674 people have recovered so far.
The state government will work to implement the airport at Baljek in Garo Hills and at the same time to increase the number of flights to Umroi Airport to connect to cities like Delhi. , Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore.
This office will look after the areas under Mawsynram and Mawphlang Block.
Aganwadi workers have been increased from T.3000 to T.4500, assistants have been increased from T.2250 to T.3500 and those who have assisted in the distribution of food have been increased from T. from T.1500 to T.2250.
It is not that the reservation policy has been implemented, but it is according to the reservation that the Khasi should get 40% and the Garo should get 40% and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Disaster Management Department of the State Government has received the estimates from all the districts and is now taking estimates on the damage caused by the Cyclone Fani. whole.
In their speeches, the General Secretary of the union, Bah KL Basaiawmoit and Dr S Singh, Vice Principal of the school, explained to the students that drug abuse and child marriage is a serious evil. They affect society and are the cornerstones of economic development.
Type 2 diabetes is on the rise among young Indians.
The biggest benefit will be to states like Meghalaya which does not produce anything but imports from abroad, because the tax has to be paid by the buyer, this will help Meghalaya a lot.
Regarding the leakage of PHE water pipes, the SDO PWD explained that minor water leakages can be repaired by the PHE with the training of the EE PWD office. For large water supply and installation of new water pipes, the approval of the O/O Chief Engineer PWD must be sought before the PHE can affect or demolish the road for the repair or installation of water pipes.
Speaking to reporters, he said that out of the 233, 199 will be on the National Highway and 34 will be in the rural areas.
The Kynshi Stadium is the largest stadium in the world as it is 105 meters long and 68 meters wide.
It is to be recalled that the Kur Kharbuki, at the Kur Dorbar held at Lawmei on the 19th July 2023, unanimously and with the consensus of all those who attended the Dorbar, elected u Bah Zubestar Kharbuki to be appointed Minister of State, Lawmei.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: “The office of the Officer in Charge of Civil Defence, Ri Bhoi District is looking for volunteers to work for the District Council Election,
The AO of JHADC in a letter addressed to the Daloi of Sutnga District, has requested for an explanation from him. The Daloi on the complaint of the AJYWO regarding the appointment of a Nepali as Rangbah Shnong in the village named by the Nepali, Umthe, which falls under Sutnga District.
The three organizations including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the JNC and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) have sent a petition to the Chief Minister. attempts to challenge on this claim.
The situation in most countries, including India, was almost identical in early October.
When 2019 came, I was surprised.
It was built by a king who fights to protect his thousands of children and his kingdom, not by a king who fights against him in anger.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (HYC) has said that while the Government has not yet been able to introduce laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners, such as the ILP or until they have received the ILP, ILP, the law to protect the people from being overthrown by the authorities, will not accept the railway line.
The state won 26 gold, 18 silver and 20 bronze medals.
In his speech, Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA of Umroi, said that let us look at what has already been done and what still needs to be done, in the field of education, health. There is a need to work together with the Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs, Government officials and MLAs to improve the income of the people.
Before the start of the rally, 10 groups including schools, colleges and NGOs from Jowai city took part in the rally. (SP) West Jaintia Hills District by Bah HG Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U MLA of 21-Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has written a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, urging the office to count 50% of the salary of MLAs and this is the government.
It is to be recalled that various political parties from East Jaintia Hills District have strongly opposed the state government's deployment of these BSF personnel in Khliehriat since 2012 by lying that they will stay for only 6 months. However, even after 10 years, these soldiers have not been able to leave the area, but they are getting stronger and stronger.
Several State Governments have reduced the VAT rate to reduce the price of petrol and diesel.
In another incident, there was a clash between police and insurgents in South Garo Hills at Nangalbira.
The EC will also visit these gates and said that these gates will check all the trucks carrying illegally carrying timber without TP. The officers should not be involved in such activities and if found, the office will be temporarily suspended because the EC will not tolerate such incidents.
The KSU demands that all the areas along the road from Weiloi, Mawsynram, Balat and Ranikor should be repaired immediately.
Wansuk joined the police force in 2006 and since then she has been trained in mountaineering at the Skiing Institute, Indo-Tibetan Border Police, Auli, Uttarkhand and at the Skiing Institute. When she was trained, she was recognized as one of the best mountaineers.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Suman Acharjee, Shillong City Mayor, today launched the Rapido Taxi motorcycles in Shillong from today.
There have also been tragic incidents, including the death of a poor woman in Ribhoi District in
Politicians and the Government have become corrupt in their own way.
The first time that the UPSC was elected as the Chairman was in 1992 when Rose M. Bathew Kharbuli was elected as the Chairman of the Autonomous Body of the Central Government. The appointment of Babu DR Syiemlieh as Chairperson of the UPSC is a great honor for the country and the Khasi people as a whole. for this new year.
The MP from Tura also urged the central government to send more military personnel to Garo Hills and Assam to patrol the border between Meghalaya and Assam. you are a tragedy.
Shillong, Lber 29: AITC leaders Zenith M Sangma and Winnerson Sangma MLAs today visited the villages of Pillangkata, Maikhuli, Barapathar and Yangkhuli in Ri Bhoi District. to the residents of these areas.
To say that there is a bthei can only happen if the ore has been cleaned and this can only happen in the laboratory.
The survey in this regard is ongoing.
However, there are still some areas where the CEC has suggested that it would be better to make some changes.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) in Meghalaya has also expressed its concern that there has been a pressure on school children to complete the Aadhaar. The Supreme Court has ruled that Aadhaar should not be implemented in schools and should not be taken from the beginning to enroll students in schools.
The health center was held at Dawki Market where the residents of East and West Jaintia Hills border with Bangladesh come to market. The center was inaugurated by KS Rana DIG. Pankaj Soodan, Commandant 4 Bn BSF, in the presence of Pankaj Soodan, Commandant 4 Bn BSF. During the treatment, more than 400 patients were examined by BSF doctors. Besides this treatment, the BSF also distributed computers, equipment to schools, hospitals, clothes. drinking water, garbage dumps and others and all these have amounted to T.6 lakh tyngka, which have been distributed to students and low income families.
For more serious diseases, the number of beds will be increased by 35,000 in 600 districts and there will also be health centers in 125 districts.
The Milk Mission will help you to produce breast milk in Meghalaya.
Speaking in the presence of the Minister of State , the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills , Hubert Marak , said that the district is a district which people are afraid to go to, in this state of Meghalaya.
The SP of West Khasi Hills District said they are trying to get the names of the injured.
The provision of food to children in elementary classes in areas facing water shortages during the holidays and during natural disasters.
At this meeting it was understood that the discussion was on how far Meghalaya has improved in terms of income and other needs to be strengthened and improved in terms of income in the state.
Through the search for patients, they have also paved the way to provide timely testing and treatment.
Access to drinking water in rural India as of August 15, 2019 was 16.8% and has now increased to 74.7%.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, he blessed all the office bearers to have a healthy body and also the knowledge in their daily journey to serve the country and the nation. he finished his speech.
After the attempt of the Central Government to introduce the CAB, after the implementation of the NRC, it has become more important and urgent to implement the ILP. The ILP has caused anger among many people and the government should implement it as soon as possible before any injuries occur.
During the meeting, discussions were held on how the people of India should stand under one goal.
Former President of the Young Mizo Association (YMA) Lianzuala was appointed as the party's leader in Mizoram.
“It also encouraged the management of JETS24x7 to talk to the Government authorities in implementing this service to the public.
The preparations of the Forest Department to build the State Zoo in this area should have been going on for decades, but it has been left without any signs that the construction of the State Zoo will proceed. and now this work is going on as it is now.
The union continues to search for foreign documents and the union has already informed the JHADC and the JHADC is still searching even after the union has sent a letter to the Council. to cooperate on this issue of foreign shops in Jaintia Hills.
Prime Minister Duh spoke about India's tradition of treating education as a tool for the welfare of the people.
The loss of tourism jobs that are still thriving after decades of efforts and hard work.
In the Popping competition, Jatin Karbar from Guargoan won the Popping competition. He said that he was born in Shillong and now lives in Guargoan.
On the other hand, the KSU has taken action to fight against these crimes in the state. At the same time, the KSU wants to lead these youths who have fallen victim to these crimes. addiction to a good direction.
In his opening remarks, Prof. Nonglait explained the history of the party since 1979 until now.
Others present on the occasion were the Philippine Ambassador to India, Teresita C Daza, the Ambassador of Thailand to India, Chutintorn Gongsakdi, the Ambassador of the Lao PDR to India, Southam Sakonhninhom, Assistant High Commissioner of the Philippines. Kazi Muntashir Mursheed, Economic and Commercial Counsellor, Embassy of the People's Republic of China to India and Habib Md Choudhury, Chairman, ASEAN India Business Council (AIBC), Laolang PDR Chapter attended the meeting. on this day.
The current office bearers of KSU Dima Hasao District Unit include Henry Dhar (President), Archanki Suchiang (Vice President), Belovedson Dome (General Secretary), Mebalari Tariang (Assistant General Secretary), Merika Suchen (Education Secretary), Staffy Massa (Finance cum Cultural Secretary), Monalisa Dhar (Organizing Secretary), Arkini Rupsi (Publicity Secretary) and 22 executive members.
Clarity is necessary to access information.
Also present on the occasion were Frederick Kharmawphlang, former Vice President of KSU Sengkmie as the chief guest. Teachers, students, leaders of the Managing Committee of the school and others.
“The protest is not over and the KSU will not stand idly by if the government tries to attack us from all sides,” said Wanphrang Mawthoh President KSU Byrnihat Circle in a statement.
Delilah M. Lobo, Vice Chairman, ESG concluded the meeting by saying that the best films from around the world should be screened at IFFI and urged the people to of Goa to grab this opportunity that comes before them now.
The Chief Engineer said that the PWD has not canceled the permit issued on the basis of a letter written on 22nd June 2018 from the office of the EAC of East Khasi Hills District that they will cancel the permit. given until this problem is resolved.
According to the estimates, Meghalaya has about 6.5 lakh people aged 45 years and above in the state and this is not a big target and the government has decided to achieve it. this is the Tika.
He said that in the last four months there have been many delays in the work of the EC and especially in the budget of the KHADC which has about 800 employees. amount.
Similarly, after receiving feedback from the villages, private individuals have expressed that the number of voters in the constituency varies from one to another.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited several shops in Shillong.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as MDC, has tried to provide the most accurate and transparent service to distribute all the schemes in the hot and cold without discrimination for the benefit of the Constituency. hi all.
The Government has approved the resumption of the Credit Linked Capital Subsidy Scheme (CLCS-TUS) in June
Referring to the development works on the border, he said that there is an agreement between the two states that they should not inform if it is in the areas where there is no dispute, but in Balakhawa it is the area of Meghalaya How can the government allow the Assam government to build the PMGSY road? The government should not build this road because the government has decided to hand over the land to Assam. There are no areas in the middle of the conflict. If this happens, the areas of Meghalaya will continue to move to Assam.
The NI-KSHAY MITRA was launched by the President of India under the Prime Minister's TB Mukrat Bharat Abhiyan on November 9,
The Vice President said that the dignity of the House in Parliament should be maintained and as in the State Legislatures, the debate in the House should be free. criticism of individual actions should be avoided but policies can be criticised.
Shillong, Lber 15: BSF today arrested three Indian nationals from the Bangladesh border at Rongdu in South West Khasi Hills District near Ranikor and seized T.20 from them. lakh rupees in Indian rupees.
He said that this issue will come to fruition when the understanding of the people and especially of the MLA and MDC leaders has been able to stand for this goal as marked by the ancestors.
As it can be seen from the turnout of people today in these places where the police and magistrates have to wait, it is as if there is no such curfew in Shillong.
He said that if this is Modi's attempt to ask people to deposit money in banks, it is dangerous if money can be stolen just by knowing the ATM card number.
He gave the example of the Mookaiw Co-Operative Society from Jaintia Hills which has many commercial vehicles.
These are his teachings at every meeting especially to the leaders of the party.
New Delhi, Nailar 10: Indigenous groups such as Durbar Shnongs in Meghalaya play an important role in the society and economy of Meghalaya, in terms of environmental protection and education on environmental issues. ways that cannot be changed.
This meeting of the army chiefs is held annually.
KSU Saphai Unit Officers, Balawan Suchiang President, Teibormi Sten Vice President, Riki Syntem General Secy, Iurilia Niang Asst GS, Melita Langbang Asst Education Sec, Shimti Suchiang Finance Sec, Eiladmi members.
The North East is at the heart of India's Act East Policy.
Speaking at the 5th Anniversary Celebration of the All Rabha Students' Union of Meghalaya at a meeting at Manikganj in North Garo Hills, he said that the ethnic groups in India have their share and it will be The honor of having the first President from the Riewlum and this will be a milestone forward.
If anyone is declared positive by the government, it is understood that stigmatization is still there and we don't see that the government can do anything about it.
Bah Rishot Khongthohrem, who was the coordinator of the cleanliness campaign in Mawlynnong, said that the residents of Mawlynnong already knew how to separate between plastic and rotten garbage even before the Municipal did. he said.
Shillong, Naitung 17: U Bah Marcus Nongrum, who recently retired from the Meghalaya Police Service, has passed away and the funeral service will be held tomorrow morning at the Catholic Cemetery in Laimer Upper Shillong.
He said that the Meghalaya Games will also include traditional games from the various ethnic groups of the state, one from Khasi Hills, one from Jaintia Hills and one from Jaintia Hills. There is also one in Garo Hills.
Mandaviya said that under the MoU and Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), Bangladesh has given permission to use its ports at Chattogram and Mongla for the transportation of goods and services. our goods through waterways, railways, roads or multi-modal transport within its borders.
Shillong, July 16: The Cabinet meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has decided to allow the opening of markets in all the villages which are held once a day.
The following are the programs held in the states to achieve the targets:: The Vice President of India along with the Governor, Prime Minister and Symbud Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh attended the first programme in Dindori district where 11,000 people attended.
For example, during the rainy season they sell sohphlang and sohniamtra and so on.
Jowai, July 25: Following the complaint of the residents of Namdong village to the Seng regarding many shortcomings regarding the operation of the Primary Health Center in Namdong village, the KSU Namdong Unit today decided to 24th July 2020 under the leadership of KSU Namdong Unit President Chanbor War.
In the first match, KSU SWKHDU beat KSU Eastern Central Area Unit by 4 goals to
Shillong, Lber, 23: “Many people think that diseases are terrible and diseases are not terrible because they can be cured but the most terrible disease is the ignorance of Senior Medical and Health Officer, Dr B Pohchen, Government of Meghalaya, while speaking at the World Tuberculosis Day celebration organized by the Rapsbun School of Nursing today, Don. Bosco Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah.
All those who attended the JMC meeting expressed their acceptance from both India and Bangladesh to have this road to connect West Bengal and Meghalaya. shan to this road.
He said that all wards, ICUs and OTs will receive centralized gas manifolds before October, 2019, for the first time since The Hospital has been handed over for the benefit of the patients.
Shillong, Lber 24: A petrol pump in Nongrim Hills Shillong has suddenly caught fire at 4 pm today.
The meeting was attended by Bah Remdor Thongni, President of the NPP Ranikor Block Committee.
He said that Bah Wikiru was appointed as a teacher at Lower Primary, Larnai in 2013 and in 2017 he was suspended and has continued to teach but until now even though he is still a teacher. teacher but never went for the job of teaching school.
He said that the Meghalaya government has allocated T.5271 crore for the empowerment of women and this honor goes to all those who have taken part in this struggle for the empowerment of women.
He said that as an MDC from Rambrai, he understands the plight of the people. He said that the MDA government has been able to take a decision to settle the border with Assam. in all these years because of the border dispute.
He said that the government has released the special allocation from the central government.
At this meeting, the Karbi demanded that the trees planted in the Pynthor Hills should be cut down and if the Pnars allow the trees to be cut down, peace will return and the Pnars will be able to cut down the trees. The rice that has been planted includes the rice that has been planted in Nongjrong.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Dorbar Shnong Rynjah in the presence of Rangbah Dong, Women's Organizations and Youth Organizations today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Shillong, July 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Director of Infiltration Department, Bah O Pasi to understand the work of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Government department in charge of preventing the entry of foreigners into the state.
In recognition of her work and dedication, she has received many awards in various categories.
The Minister also suggested that strengths and weaknesses should be looked at and gaps in priorities should be identified.
“We are confident that the implementation of these railway projects will also affect the villages in the rural areas, the forests, the hills and rivers that the people use as a daily life. .
The Governor of the State has said that the HNLC is necessary for the development of the state and to bring about lasting peace in the state. The door is open for peace talks under the Constitution of India.
The appointment of Prof.G Singhaiah as the Head of SEMIS Department of the Village in his experience for two and a half years and the name of Prof.G Singhaiah has not appeared anywhere. There is no allegation of misuse of T.98.69 lakh in any documents and no investigation has been conducted in this regard.
However, as of now, there is no decision by the government to accept that those who apply for government jobs must be computer literate, but the latest news says that the government will soon accept. Please note that applicants must have a computer as all offices are now equipped with a computer.
The Chairman of the Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, speaking to media after the opening of the MSPB meeting, said that various departments of the State Government have discussed thoroughly regarding the traffic jam. all the people suffered every day.
Chetan Markham, General Manager and Senior Vice President of Terumo Penpol Pvt.
Therefore, women should be encouraged to work independently in any field or in society as well.
“We are well aware of the guidelines such as social distancing and to follow them in the fields and at home,” said Bah Marwein.
The celebration of World Environment Day was enriched by the presence of Kong Amanda Pakyntein, also known as Kongrit, who is also her husband. MLA/MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was the Chief Guest.
On the request of NSUS, Angami Elders' Forum Shillong, Angami Students Union Shillong, NEHU Students' Union and Naga Students of NEHU, three letters will be submitted by NEHU by the relatives of the student. who became a slave or to his representatives.
“We have investigated this and visited some C&RD Block to verify and during these visits we have found the price and poor quality of these sopiing tins purchased by the Directorate of Hariana Iron Works Pvt.
Speaking to media, Samla Robert Samakha expressed his surprise and surprise at the delay in the construction of the road as the tender has been called for a long time but until now there have been no signs of work. “The contractor's failure has caused problems to the residents of these areas,” he said.
According to sources, the incident happened in the middle of the night when unidentified persons threw stones at the vehicle of the office while it was moving towards the house. see that the celebration goes smoothly.
He said that if the Khasi language is included in the fifth grade, many benefits will come to us as a nation.
Currently, Nongdharka uses this solar water pump on her farm and does not use other sources of water supply to her farm.
At this meeting, the party decided to honor all those members who fought for the Hills State Movement, since the time of the APHLC and those of the HSPDP party because they are the ones who suffered. Shillong and Guwahati.
Shillong, Lber 17: MPCC Leader Vincent H. Pala, MP from Shillong, on Tuesday said that the decision of the National People's Party (NPP) to Dr. Ampareen from Shillong and Agatha Sangma from Tura are not because of the empowerment of women but because the NPP has no choice.
The DIG will make arrangements with the Superintendents of Police in all districts to monitor the daily entry and exit of people.
The Union Minister urged the officers to spend more money on farming without the use of pesticides.
"At the same time, we are pleased to say that this season as all the people of the state will celebrate Christmas and welcome the New Year with joy and we hope that this season will change the minds and will The state government has not listened to the voice of the people of the state as a whole who have stood on the same basis as the political parties have stood to demand the implementation of the ILP. He also said that this is our protest and the foundation on which the Sengbhalang stands until this moment is that we are still standing on the same foundation and in the new year we will think carefully to take steps. “We would also like to send a Merry Christmas message to all the people of the state. We also send our Happy New Year greetings to all the people of the state. May they welcome the New Year with meaning and especially the New Year with hope for peace. , social stability and especially and especially the stability of the indigenous people to avoid being invaded by other foreign powers.
Shillong, July 1: The Taxation Department of the Government of Meghalaya has started collecting tax from the equipment used by the wealthy and from the kinds of oil used in cars.
The chemicals contained in these plastics when broken, enter the soil and affect the purity of the water inside the tank and endanger living things when they drink the water.
East Garo Hills Police have received a complaint that there has been a cheating of people. Williamnagar Police have conducted an investigation and after close follow-up have arrested the suspects. The suspects were a woman from Nagaland and a man from Nigeria.
The initial budget was T.20 crore but after the implementation of the work it had to be increased and by the end of the project the budget was T.27.87 crore.
His visit to Shillong is to seek advice from the party office bearers on how to prepare for the 2018 Assembly elections. the state.
All the SSA teachers of Meghalaya have decided to inform the Prime Minister regarding this problem, according to a statement sent by the President of the SSA. MSSASA to Mr. Aristotle C.Rymbai.
Of these, 813 dancers were male and 821 were female.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Teachers of SSA schools under the banner of Meghalaya SSA School Association today met with the Minister of State for Education Dr RC Laloo to demand that the government should increase the number of students. their salaries as discussed in the previous meeting.
According to a statement released by the organization.
Just two Sikkim batters got 10 or more runs, with Manish running through the line-up with ease, taking a wicket on average every 11 balls bowled.
The five cases who tested positive for COVID-19 today are from Mawprem, 2 from Bar, 1 from Thembasuk, 1 from Police Bazar, 1 from Qualapatty and 1 from Qualapatty. page.
While the Ministers in charge of the Health Department expressed some of their concerns, they also congratulated the Union Minister for his special initiative and for holding regular review meetings to The implementation of these schemes in rural areas.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has requested all the citizens who have already registered for the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) or Smart Card of the East Khasi Hills District to link their Aadhaar Number to the MHIS Card.
Shillong, March 15: U Bah John Kharshiing and several elders of Mawphlang Hima who live outside the Hima today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM). ) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in charge of the Mawphlang Hima to postpone the election for the election of the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima.
He said that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the education sector and the uncertainty about the examination has caused a lot of anxiety to the students, parents and teachers.
What is more shocking and suspicious to the Seng is that the inspection of the SDO, Sohra Civil Sub Division was found in the Register.
ATSA has also promised to assist Khasi students in Tamil Nadu if they encounter any problems.
The BSF has stepped up its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh to curb smugglers.
If the Meghalaya government does not pay these days, NEEPCO will go to the Ministry of Power to say that the money that should be sent to the Meghalaya government should be sent to NEEPCO until and he finished the light.
To capture the unique power of this reachable platform, Prime Minister Duh has launched the Mann Ki Baat program which will now reach its 100th edition.
He said, “The integration of traditional Indian beliefs with modern values ​​is essential in our laws.
Referring to the PWD Division under Mawsynram, the work from Jingkieng Umlangmar to Rum has been completed and many of the damaged areas have been repaired.
Many of the parents of various schools in the city came to take part in this meeting with the desire to express their experiences.
At present, the Central Government has found that many people in India have received Aadhaar cards but have not used their Aadhaar cards for any purpose. to destroy.
The Mairang MDC said that the old EC had worked well and after the failure of the EC, the non-residents were happy with the work of the Mariang MDC. He said that his visit was not to withdraw from the UDF and support the UDA.
Although many of the children of the thousands know that there is a development in terms of markets within the Hima, the sad thing is that until these days no improvement has been seen. It is very difficult to buy land inside the market or even to spend only 10 byrni of dewbilat.
Regarding the injured in Mawthabah and Mawsynram, Rajua Karim was taken to NEGRIHMS Hospital.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to meet once again to discuss with the Chief Minister and Chief Executive Member, KHADC to seek clarification on the silence of the letter from the Union Ministry of Home Affairs. July 2012 and Nov 2014 who sought clarification from the State Government and District Council on the demand of the Chief Executive Members to implement the IOA & AA as stated in clause 5 of the The Agreement shall not be enacted by the Government of India without the approval of the Hima/Elaka of the Federation of Khasi States.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, KS Kropha today called on the heads of RBI and all the heads of various departments in Meghalaya to talk to them. ensure that there will be no shortage of funds in the state and that it will not affect the income of the state.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem asked whether there is a need for permission from the KHADC. The Deputy Commissioner said that according to the Land Acquisition Act of 1894, there is no permission. , but according to the Land Acquisition Act of 2013, permission is required, but these two laws cannot be confused.
The meeting was held from 12 noon under the chairmanship of Bah N.Dohling and the group was not allowed to bring any comments and what needed to be expressed was how to explain to the voters on the issue. the way and position to become an MLA for the good in the way that the voters should think about the rights.
What has made the people suffer more and more is that the lack of electricity has affected the people because they cannot use the lights.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today wrote to the Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo to say that Aadhaar is useless. This is in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of India issued on 15th March
The celebration of the Azadi of Marit not only encouraged those who attended the celebration but also instilled the spirit of patriotism among the youth of the village and the area.
The Government of India's attempts from time to time to hold Municipal Elections are only a force to unite India.
Your harvest of clean fruit at this time is a joy not only for you but for your family, community, country and nation as a whole.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, after finding the shops without proper documents, has ordered the closure of the shops and ordered them to go to the District Council office for to provide the documents.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at his residence in Auckland today, he said that Cornad and government ministers who were present at the meeting They expressed the same feeling to protect the jaidbynriew.
Defense Minister Amit Shah said Parliament is the most suitable and sacred place to install the Sengol.
Speaking at the meeting to mark the 50th Anniversary of Bangladesh's Independence, Bolen said he was proud to know about the war of independence of Bangladesh in
“When I arrived at the Polling Station at about 6:30 pm, there were about 200 people standing in line at the Polling Station.
It is necessary to judge according to the nature of mankind that the foreign languages ​​should be translated into their own language, without the tendency to spread without foundation.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Home Ministry of the Government of Meghalaya has appointed a committee headed by Justice YV. The Central Government has sent a suggestion to the State Governments not to ban any more foreigners from the States and this is only the suggestion of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government. today.
The Chief Guest, Tathagata Roy, Honorable Lad of Meghalaya, said that Ayurveda is one of the systems of medicine which can treat the whole person, unlike other forms of treatment like Chiropathy. He also thanked the Government of India for allowing the establishment of this institute (NEIAH) in Shillong which has allowed to strengthen research on AYUSH medicines in North East India.
The ceremony was held at Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School , Marshillong in the presence of Bah Synsharlang Lyngkhoi as the Chief Guest , Bah Gilbert Thongni , Minister of Marshillong Redyonstone Nongrum, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie and other KSU leaders from SWKH District.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) today in the presence of his wife Neelam Mishra awarded the prizes to the winners of the Basketball and Tennis Championship 2023 held at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The KSU Sohiong Circle has distributed the 11th Maitshaphrang Award to the students of Sohiong District, as usual every year.
Whether in schools, private homes or government distribution centres.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that the government has taken this decision to improve the working conditions in this regard. for thou hast done evil.
The Minister said that according to the Bill, there should be Village Councils, in rural areas and in urban areas there should be Municipal Councils, there should be Districts. There shall be a Planning Committee for District Councils and a State Finance Commission and the report on the management of tribal land shall be submitted by the Governor.
While waiting for the Vice Chancellor to leave the meeting, the students shouted slogans of condemnation to the Vice Chancellor and demanded the implementation of their demands.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the HSPDP was founded in 1968 before the independence of Meghalaya. hold the foundation to protect the nation.
In a statement, ANVC(B) leader Doang D Shira said the government has already promised to provide a liaison office and accommodation for these members.
BSF troops at Tuka in East Khasi Hills District on the 4th of this month saw people driving cattle to smuggle into Bangladesh. They seized 24 cows.
A special share should be available.
The distribution of Musari was led by Pastor Rev FS Lipon and a short speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Amkoi, the Tbn of the Village Bah L Sumer and other elders from Wahiajer Mission Centre. K.J.P. Eastern Synod.
Answering questions, Prestone said that the parts of the market which have not been allowed to open are Kwai, Tympew, Beef and Pork Market, Basa Khur and Basa. These places are not allowed to open at present.
The counting of votes in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills has gone smoothly without any incident despite the curfew imposed by the HNLC. Cast your vote from 7 pm to 5 pm.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Nongum, who is currently admitted to Velor Hospital, said that in the afternoon while the doctors are treating him, if anyone calls him, he will call himself. the Branch Manager of SBI and said that his money will not enter because it has been blocked.
It is not surprising that during the tenure of Ma Robinus Syngkon as MLA in 2013 , despite the short term of only 5 years , he was able to complete the Kureliya Bridge which has been delayed for decades .
If the business is operated by a group, the ST SC or the woman must have a share of at least 51%.
He said that many of our people have risen to various positions, some have been appointed as chairman of the UPSC, Chief Election Commission of India and others.
Both the control rooms of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) are monitoring the situation and providing all necessary assistance.
We have paved the way for the climate change crisis and have launched the Lifestyle for Environment mission.
She praised the efforts of the CRC-Shillong in providing quality services to people with disabilities.
The NEHUSU leaders urged the VC to ensure that NEHU should have a safe environment for the students.
In this book, Dr. Toi also raises issues that the people can think about especially within the Presbyterian Church in Ri Khasi Jaintia, should think why this woman who was willing to follow her husband here to the Khasi Hills and to suffer with her husband.
A machine is a machine and anyone can be trained to use it.
As it is now, the consumption of this alcoholic beverage has become widespread in Meghalaya and even in Mawlai. The union has taken this opportunity to fight against such consumption. you are lost.
The children have burnt various patakas to celebrate this day in their own homes and also as their neighbors to celebrate this day among the believers. Hindu celebrated every year.
Tura, Jymmang 17: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has expressed its readiness to reach the peace talks only if the government releases its Chairman Champion Sangma without any conditions. judgment mar answer.
MLAs, MDCs and party office bearers from different parts of the country attended the protest.
