(Retd) AA Siddiqui, who resigned from his post in
On the other hand, MPUF President Diwanmi Laloo said that all this shows that even the money of the students has been embezzled. child.
In these days, the SP News Agency has seen that in Damsait, the police have raided private vehicles and this sudden raid is to check whether anyone is carrying money and The money may not be used in this MP election.
Referring to MePDCL, the MLA said that they should look into the shortage of light from time to time.
Since the investigation into the case started two years ago, neither the ED nor the CBI have seized a single penny in more than 10,000 raids on the residences of AAP leaders and to the Minister of Government of Delhi.
He told reporters in Shillong that on the 22nd of November they will hold a meeting in Delhi to express their opposition to the Indian government. The Board of Directors is composed of private individuals whose nature is only to earn money and not to serve the people.
The training program was organized by the Socila Eco-Life Development (SELD) Committee, District Lum Lyngkien Sohphie Prebyterian Church. Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who was the Chief Guest.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Chief Judicial Magistrate of Tura has ordered the surrender of Bernard N Marak to the police for seven days for further investigation into the recovery of firearms from the Edenbari Resort in West. Garo Hills.
He said that in other states of India, the state governments are the pioneers and when they send people to big meetings, the state governments also send their people to explain what is happening. which the doctors speak at meetings and the state governments also spend their visits.
No talent should be left behind," he added.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The State Youth Wing of the KHNAM has demanded that the Chief Secretary of the State Youth Wing (KHNAM) should increase the age card to 40 years so that it will be of assistance to the youth seeking employment. in other states.
In connection with this incident, police have urged the public not to spread false news. At the same time, an ejahar has been registered at Rynjah Police Station under various provisions of the Indian Penal Code. , under Section 51 of the Disaster Management Act, Section 3 of the Epidemic Act, 1897 and Section 4 of the PDPP Act,
Ms Laloo paid tribute to coaches like Bah Torak Kharpran and Roshni Bhusal, who have now become coaches to train the athletes of the country.
As you know, a survey by the Government of India has found that uranium is abundant in West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
Other speakers at the one day training were DC Misra, DDG who is also the Head of Enterprise Architecture Resource Division, NIC New Delhi. in providing job opportunities to the public through one portal.
Police received a tip at noon and immediately rushed to the scene to prevent the entry of these people on bikes. to the village of Mawsikar in Langpih.
“We cannot boycott because we are in trouble,” she said.
Regarding CUET, the union encourages the youth to contest but unfortunately the government has not been able to provide the necessary facilities.
On the other hand, the party will always remember him as a faithful worker of the party.
The match will start at 6 pm at the JNS Stadium in Polo and will be broadcast for the first time on Channel Ten Action.
Recognizing Meghalaya as a women-friendly state, 20% of the financial support has been offered through the PRIME program which is reserved specifically for women entrepreneurs.
This leads to the ability to provide more resources to the players which has helped open up more opportunities for the players.
Only if necessary.
At the same time, the union would like to thank the police for their hard work in arresting a suspected suspect in this murder. Mawlai Police, Umiam Police, family members and Sumer Dorbar Shnong.
In the fourth category, three students who scored 564 marks include Tanushree Acharjee of St. Margarets Higher Secondary School, Shillong who got distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science and Health. and Physical Education and Alternative English, Ritam Deep Chowdhury from Sherwood School, Tura who obtained distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Computer Science and Hindi, while Salrime M.Sangma from St.Xavier's Secondary School Tura has received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science & Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Garo.
The President also spoke on the challenges posed by climate change and said that there should be caution when planning or preparing activities in the coming years so that this does not affect the environment in the country. northeastern region.
The deceased was identified as Purna Ram Das, 68, of Barengapara, Dalu.
Regarding the health sector, there are five villages without ASHAs. There are also villages which have expressed their concern that they fall under the Dispensary in Tyrso. At this meeting, the village leaders said that the villages should be transferred to Mawlasnai PHC. At this meeting, the village leaders said that the PHC does not have enough medicines. Please indicate that you do not want to see a doctor.
He said that sports teach us about victory and defeat which is part of life.
Meanwhile, the BGB has raised the issue of the shooting of Bangladeshi citizens by Indian citizens on the border and the arrest of Bangladeshi citizens on the border and their illegal entry. Indians to Bangladesh to smuggle.
Shillong, July 03: The Bharat Bank, which was called by NGOs in India to protest against the death of a young woman who was raped in Delhi, has also worked. in Meghalaya although it has not been as strong as in other parts of India.
On this occasion, the KSU Sawmer Unit honored 12 students who have passed in various examinations like SSLC, CBSE, HSSLC, Bachelor's Degree and so on.
On the other hand, the people listened to what the Magistrates explained to the people.
The tree planting and cleaning of public places by BJP supporters was also done in Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi and Garo Hills districts. The 70th Birthday of the Prime Minister of India was celebrated at Bivar Road Shillong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 817 people have recovered from East Khasi Hills 444, West Garo Hills. Hills 103 cases, the total number of recoveries has risen to 62971 so far.
“It is the main responsibility of the employees before they go to join the jobs. After receiving the information, they will try to join the jobs so that they can avoid many problems.
After the performance, the Minister visited the shops and talked to the participants and government officials who attended the performance.
On the opening day, the family members and friends of the deceased came to witness and congratulate the deceased.
With regret, the union would like to ask the government, “Why doesn't it bring water supply to all the villages and areas which are still in dire need, why doesn't it bring adequate government schools and colleges in the area? Why don't you bring in adequate health facilities like PHC in Warsan Lyngdoh area?
“Section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act, 1980, clearly states that the use of forest land for any non-forest activities requires a Forest Clearance. Certificate ) before they build their factories,” said the CAG report. In June and July, 2010, the MoEF officers from NERO, Shillong, inspected these dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills and found that five dewbilat factories did not operate properly. “The JYF said that the government should shut down these five dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Majaw. At the same time, the union demands that compensation should be imposed according to the damage caused by the fire.
“The KSU has also received information that last night (Friday) the riots in Laitumkhrah were caused by the unjustified attack by the Dkhars on the Khasi children.
Shillong, July 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold its General Executive Council (GEC) on the 11th July 2020 at the Community Hall of Jaiaw Shyiap-Lumpyllon, Jaiaw at 12 noon.
Now even after the signboard has been erected and the meters have been installed, people are asking, “When will we get electricity all day?” Now they are not happy with the posts and signs.
'In this regard, we urge the MLAs of Khasi Jaintia Hills to put aside their differences but to stand up, stand together for the sake of their own jaidbynriew but not to be like those shaiñdoh trees in others. Franklin Kharkongor, 20, Shri Horsius Mukhim, 25, and Thalainsing Khongsit, 32, have been remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.
In her speech, the Director of Ri Dohkha said that this is the second farm in Meghalaya, one in Khasi Hill and now one in Tura. only two hatcheries.
The death toll has risen to 699 in East Khasi Hills.
On this occasion, Bah Spiton also urged the SRKBH to find out about the first village in the Khasi Hills. Lawlongthloh under the Mawbuh raid was the first village in the Hynniewtrep Hills, Nongthloh, which is now called Lawnongthroh.
The program was also enriched by various items by the students of the school from traditional dance, song and traditional costume performance by Seralin Langstang, a former student of the school. She is currently pursuing her studies in Fashion & Design at Jowai Polytechnic.
This training is on how to protect and assist people who have been injured in the event of a tragic incident.
He said that the party will meet with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Minister in charge of Municipal and they have submitted a letter regarding this demand. said Mr. Egenstar.
Regarding the ATM machine, they said that it is a time consuming task because the machines come from abroad.
: Heavy rainfall for several days has caused a severe landslide in Umlieh village, West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning.
The Union Minister urged the people to continue this cleanliness drive for the sake of the country. The cleanliness drive also includes the construction of toilets in the households of the villagers. health of children and the next generation.
The salary of this OSD shall be T.50000/- per month.
The Hima Nongkhlaw, every year, celebrates the death anniversary of the Syiem at Madan Tirot in Mairang by placing a wreath in front of the specially erected statue of the Syiem. The Nongkhlaw Hima in the presence of the Hima Ministers and the children of the thousands.
The JSU has demanded the immediate establishment of a Border Police Out Post at Mukroh to protect the paradoh parasnam who live on the border of the state. tin.
The CEM said that those who have already registered in the past will not be affected, but this bill will ban those who have registered with other ethnic groups in the future.
Shillong, Nailur 26: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today delivered a speech at the Rozgar Mela and distributed about 51,000 appointment letters to those who are newly employed through video conferencing.
Dignitaries including the President of India had the opportunity to see Ashtalakshmirangolibad and performances of traditional dances and music.
The BJYM demands that the Punjab Minister should apologize to the media especially to the families of all those soldiers who became martyrs for the sake of the country. who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
However, these steps are only the beginning.
Bruno A Sangma, Deputy Commandant of 4MLP Battalion, has been transferred and appointed as SP of East Garo Hills District.
Priority will be allocated to health-related projects.
The public can complain to these numbers.
Shillong, July 28: Three drug traffickers were arrested by the Custom Police today and seized 10 kilograms of Herion from the same persons. One pistol was also seized.
Shillong, July 15: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, four cases in East Khasi Hills and two cases in Ri Bhoi District. to this day.
On the other hand, the CoMSO demands that the committee comprising MLAs from all parties, intellectuals such as IAS, lawyers, scholars, civil society and political leaders has approved the bill. year 2012.
Therefore, the members of the Seng have driven away these people in the vehicle they came from and warned them not to enter the area without proper documents.
According to the police statement, a case has been registered at Shella Police Station under section 3/4/5/6 of Ronesh. POCSO act.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The ruling Congress party in Meghalaya under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will start preparing for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly tomorrow. The state will be in
He urged the Association to take action to bring about change in the workplace.
Referring to the District Council, she said that it is the stieh of the jaidbynriew.
This is an attempt to mislead many people and it is also a false statement without investigating the facts.
Two persons suspected to be members of the ULFA came on a bike and threw a grenade at him. police officers at the scene.
The KSU will continue to monitor this issue in the coming days,” said the KSU. quantity of Sugar from the bordering area of ​​South Garo Hills district of Meghalaya on Sunday.
When you are found burning cars you have to take responsibility.
Helina Wahlang of Mawlai Phudmuri AWC, Myliem ICDS, Eming Khonglam of Wahpathaw AWC, Pynursla ICDS and Marilyn Dohling of Nongtraw AWC. On the other hand, the recipients of the District Incentive Award include Joan Amy Kharpuri from Lummawbah Block I1 AWC, Mylliem ICDS; Dina Kharkongor of Mynsang 'B' AWC, Mawkynrew ICDS;
The submission of the Land Bill to the Select Committee will take 45 days and within that period the Select Committee will have to submit a report to the House for which a special session will be convened to approve the Land Bill. Bill.
Teinwell also alleged that it was the people within the Executive Committee who had turned away, not only I knew others but also told about their turnover.
According to a statement issued by Samla Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH, he urged the youth who are the future of the country and the nation to remember to maintain their dignity during these holidays. The world so that there will be no problems, evils that could disrupt the peace and order of the District and the State as a whole.
There are 24867 students in Arts, 3615 students in Science and 2203 students in Commerce.
“Regarding the registration of Aadhaar, there are 10 demands that we have put before the District Authorities of EJHD. We are still monitoring the registration of Aadhaar in the District,” said the statement. Shillong, November 21: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh today launched the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Scheme in Myllime Block. This public meeting was held at Pomlum in Naniun.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The question now is whether the construction of the Iawmusiang Super Market Complex by the JHADC has been completed.
We found that record.
KSU Malki Circle would like to congratulate the Officers of the Forests and Environment Department and especially the Officers and Forest Guards of Malki Beat Forest.
Shillong, Lber 29: The BSF today conducted a training for 33 youths from the border areas with Bangladesh to work and stand on their own feet. District.
The Chief Minister said that the government will allocate funds for the market and this will go through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. to improve the market.
Arju alleged that MeECL's decision to suspend and delay the release of salaries of the employees is unfair and against the provisions of Section 17 of the Wage Act.
On the other hand, the HNLC has also accused the National People's Party (NPP) where his brother is the Chief Minister who holds the Finance Department while his brother holds the Home Ministry. If the Arab Spring starts in Tunisia and could affect other countries like Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Syria, Jordan, Bahrain and other countries just because one land owner decides to oppose the monopoly, how much more if the people in Meghalaya and India also fight to end it immediately. such kingdoms are inherited from one household.
In the midst of the clashes, the Tripura police have urged the TSF members and the ethnic groups to flee the area but the ethnic groups have refused to leave the area while the non-ethnic groups have not. even late.
Shillong, June 19: The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) led by its President, Dr.DRL Nonglait and senior members of the Society on Sangma in his office.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Meghalaya government has signed a memorandum of understanding with the National Insurance Company Limited (NIH) to implement the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) for the fifth phase. The Prime Minister's Office (PMJAY) was launched on 24th July 2022 in Shillong.
A nation will survive on this earth if it has a language and a culture and one of the most important parts of preserving culture is through music, song, dance and music.
Speaking on the presentation of the budget, the CEM said that the total revenue for the 2023-2024 budget year will be T.253,12,59,690/- (Arspah fifty-three crore). lakh fifty nine thousand seven hundred and fifty tyngka), while the income will be only T.253,04,610/- (Two hundred and fifty three crore one and two lakh four thousand seven hundred and fifty tyngka), while the deficit will be T.55,080/- tyngka .
In this discussion to settle the border and bring peace, the Meghalaya government should urge the Assam government to remove the forest office so that the people of Mukroh can farm.
The Deputy Commissioner said that these teams have been exempted from the night curfew and they are, Security Forces, Medical Teams on Duty, Police and Arms Forces, Fire and Emergency Services, MeECL, NEEPCO and Power Grid, Food and Civil Supply Department, FCI, PWD, PHE.Postal Service, Telecom, Communications and IT services, Press, Print and Electronic Media, Petrol Pump, Essential services including Health service and online Home delivery, Authorises workshop and designated spare parts dealership of health and family welfare department Government of Meghalaya and Government official on duty.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Shillong Police have arrested Peterson Mawri, Peon at the Additional Secretariat.
“As residents, we have not received any information or announcement from the Dorbar Shnong or the Government before taking this decision.
The meeting was inaugurated by Gunaka DB, Joint Secretary to the State Government, Executive Director of the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority and Member Secretary of the BRDC and SCSTE. The participants included Agroecology Learning Circles from various villages who earn their living from agriculture without the use of fertilizers.
On this day, it was seen that many youths between the ages of 15 and 18 years came to Khamt to get vaccinated at the government health centre.
Shillong, July 01: As the Khasi people (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War) we have approximately 3363 tribes in this country. there are now in 2014, where we are facing the changes of a fast-paced world and in some cases we can no longer keep track.
The KHADC and JHADC authorities should take action to strengthen these customs and traditions through laws.
Therefore, the residents of the village have elected new office bearers as they have elected, that is, they have elected Bah Golden Laloo, Asst Rangbah Shnong, Bah Deny Nongbsap, General Secretary, Bah Deius Jyrwa, Bah Primus. Wahlang and Finance Secretary, Bah Telling Suting.
Mizoram is the happiest state in India according to the India Happiness Report,
W Alexander on behalf of MACS, said that on that day there will be an ICDC to allow people who want to know whether they have or do not have niangkulia, if they have If they don't have it, they should be careful. This will be an awareness campaign for the public.
The Company has customers including 500 Fortune companies from around the world.
The award was given to MUDA of the Government of Meghalaya in recognition of its ability to implement urban development projects related to construction by taking many measures. at Stein Auditorium, India Habitat Centre, Lodhi Road, New Delhi.
He said that it will be a legend in the struggle for the nation that the CoMSO has done.
The meeting was attended by Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, IAS, Vice President, Bah P Laloo, Joint Secretary and Bah Dipshon Rynthathiang. The program was organized with the assistance of the Australian Olympians and the support of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 12: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 98 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Andhra Pradesh is the state where petrol prices have been the highest for two years.
This is the first public meeting in Mawsynram Constituency after the announcement of the formation of the new party PDF. of the Mawsynram Market.
According to a statement sent by the East Jaintia Hills District Police, at 4.30 pm today, the bus carrying 20 BSF personnel collided with another vehicle. soldiers were seriously injured.
On the 4th June, 2017 starting at 10 am from Wahkhen Village, so that the residents of Wahkhen Village, neighbours, groups or individuals near and far as well, who have the desire and desire to see and witness with their own eyes the size, beauty, height and wonder of this king of mawbah mawsan, can take part in this day by informing the management of this team at buy what number-.
The Chockpot MLA said that as an Advocate General, he cannot plead for the private sector in the courts because he should plead only for the government.
Pensioners / relatives of pensioners are requested to send their PFO Number and Date of Retirement/ Death at the time of registration.
We are happy to see them and we are happy to watch them.
He said that Zahidul Islam is involved in stealing cars from Dudhnoi and Krishnai and has also filed an NBWA case against him at Krishnai PS. Jamor Ali is involved in stealing cows at Matia PS, Assam. .
Referring to the water supply department, the engineers have been unemployed for more than three years and the villages have been unemployed for more than three years. and the work has gone on many other schemes like JJM, those who ask whether they do not want to see that the people get water.
Kong Chiarmon Dkhar is not a government employee or public leader or holds any position in any field, but she is only a woman and a public figure like other women.
According to this law, those who spread such false news will be arrested and imprisoned for one year with a fine.
Surprisingly, the struggle for an independent state is on the issue of language.
For example, in 2021, the Mizoram government has been able to provide adequate protection to its residents living on the Mizoram-Assam border from the attacks by the Assam police and kharbangs by sending and providing police officers with the support of politicians and leaders.
On this occasion, the Representative of the Dolloi said that the term of office of the Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat for three years has been given according to the approval of the people of the village and cannot be reduced. tam to this.
The States and UTs shall prepare their own SOPs on health and safety measures for the reopening of schools/institutions in accordance with the SOP to be issued by the Department of School Education and Literacy ( DoSEL), Ministry of Education of the Union Government, keeping in view the relevant requirements of the states.
In the meeting with the Chief Minister, he said that he is not thinking again and therefore he has called a meeting of the MDCs and Sahim to decide to meet with the Chief Executive Members today.
Replying to a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that in Meghalaya, there are 292 villages which do not have ICDS.
The sale of tobacco within 100 meters of schools is prohibited under COPTA and as part of the ToFEI programme, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also collected information from school about stores that violate this law.
Prestone said that after considering the request, the government has decided to extend the term of office by six months and the decision will be sent to the Governor for approval. approval and to issue a notification.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) on Tuesday appealed to the Supreme Court against the Rule of Citizenship (Amendment) Act order staying the execution of the Rule of this Act.
They include, one LDA cum Accountant, one DEO, one Stenographer Grade III, three peons/bungalow peons, three drivers, one housekeeper, one chowkidar and one cleaner.
The winners of the poetry competition were also announced today.
The tournament will be opened by the President of India Droupadi Murmu who will be the chief guest.
He said that the water from the river is drinkable when the river flows and as soon as it meets the sea, it turns into salt water.
On July 10, 2022, the office bearers of the Manai Branch were confirmed and Korman Warjri was elected as President and Ribesstar Warjri as Secretary; The Chief Secretary was Bah Phlarsing Warjri and the Secretary General was Bah Habanjop Warjri.
Don't take advantage of the anger of the members of the community lest anger come and anger break out and if such an incident happens they themselves will take responsibility because they are the ones who started and continue to stir up trouble. day.
“The 19th interim report shows that Dhanoa cannot be controlled in connection with this crime,” the court said.
“Until now, the CEM has not called even once the committee of the District Level Committee of KHADC to send a proposal to the District Council Affairs (DCA) and this stinginess of the CEM has upset the people,” he said. said.
There are 187 polling stations on the border with Assam and 140 polling stations on the border with Bangladesh. Assam has 128 polling stations in Meghalaya.
In 2007, he received training in the field of fishing.
The training was inaugurated by Moonight Pariat MDC in the presence of PS Dkhar DC West Jaintia Hills, KK Kharkongor Principal Thomas Jones Synod College. and other leaders.
New Delhi, July 14: The Prime Minister's Kisan SammanNidhi (PM-KISAN) is a scheme of the Central Government with 100% funding from the Government of India.
Similarly, the Sohtun Kurs have Ministers in Mylliem and Khyrim Hima and are also Sirdars in Dwara Nongtyrnem Hima and many other examples. In order to avoid any errors especially in the DAK SPEL – the Dorbar of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep, urges all the Dorbar Kurs or Seng Kurs to inform The Deputy Commissioner and the District Council authorities have been informed about the spelling of their jait ka khong to avoid any problems for the future generations.
The union said that this is not because the commercial taxis are taking advantage but because of the increase in the price of petrol and diesel.
Bangladesh and Afghanistan are still fighting each other in military affairs.
To continue their protest, the CCIB together with other civil society organizations have decided to hold a march on the 28th of this month from Motphran to the Secretariat. get permission.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Minister said, “At the meeting today, besides the Government Ministers, the Chief Secretary and officers, there were about 18 organizations and groups from various organizations. invited to take part in this meeting.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed 1 new case from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92216 so far. sun.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this new building is a sign of the coexistence of the ancient and the modern.
The Minister also promised that the Government will look into it and take the right decision so that it will be for the benefit of all and will run smoothly.
Due to the lack of clean water for drinking, tankers belonging to the Water Supply Department of the State Government have been brought in and said that the supply of drinking water should be done until these people will be able to go home.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the approval was received today and the appointment of the EMs in the Executive Committee will be held next month.
Shillong, July 9: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has announced that the curfew in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station has been extended for 11 hours from 7 am to 1 pm on Tuesday morning. at 6 o'clock Friday night.
Regarding the price hike, the Deputy Commissioner has directed all the Deputy Commissioners to take necessary action if they find that there is any price hike. they must come to the price of the goods in front of the shops.
The delegation was led by Bah Aristotle Rymbai, President of the party.
The KSU Narpuh Circle extends its support to the leaders of the area.
This was done to ensure that the people who visit this establishment will not be stuck in the traffic jam.
The protest was held at the Add Secretariat to protest against the rule of the present government, which does not have time to look at the increase in the price of beverages. Article 19(10) of the Constitution of India clearly states that all citizens of the country have the right to assemble and protest at any time.
Referring to the North East, he said that the project has been run from the residential building where they are currently working, but the construction of the full office is underway at Mawdiangdiang. The two day training will be for all the officers of Meghalaya on GST.
Let us also look at whether Jaintia is really the land of Woh Kiang Nangbah and the Eastern West Khasi Hills the land of Tirot Singh and the West Khasi Hills the land of Syiem Wickliffe Syiem.
The KHADC has its own boundaries according to the maps of the Hima.
At the same time, in terms of roads, this scheme comes from the special allocation of the Central Government for the North East as a whole, and also in Meghalaya, the The Government wants the roads in the state to be safe through these schemes from the Central Government.
S.D. Priest.
On the other hand, the civil society groups have urged the Minister of Urban Affairs, the Commissioner Secretary and other government officials to come to the public hearing to get the clarity that the people want. You don't have to know about the New Shillong Township.
He said his main goal is to strengthen the District Council.
The Government has explained the reasons why the Government has brought this Resolution today in the House. to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Tura, Iaiong 24: U Lazarus Sangma MLA of AITC Chokpot today admitted that no MLAs from the party will join the NPP party. the NPP is unfounded.
““I have also told the Director of the Golf Club to employ less than 30 youths of the village and to employ the children from the village where the Director has promised to employ them with salary. thousand per month.
The JSU War Jaintia Circle has also joined hands with the police and BSF to investigate the arrival of these robbers who are Bangladeshis. At 2.30 pm on the day of the incident, they traced the blood of the victim and found that it led straight to Bangladesh.
The Minister said that according to the request of the state government to upgrade the Sawsymper Sub Center to a Public Health Centre, the central government has refused to accept it because the scheme is too big. 7.5 crore and later the government reduced the scheme to Rs 2.5 crore but this too was not accepted.
On the other hand, the Addl DC promised to take care of this issue and said that he will discuss this matter with other district chiefs.
“If the demand for Khasi-Jaintia Satte and Garoland succeeds, the discussion of how much percentage for Garo friends and how much percentage for Khasi friends will no longer exist because another ratio of reservation has been introduced,” he said. He said that there are many demands such as the recognition of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India which has been suspended because even the Garo people have demanded the recognition of the Garo language.
All the rules and regulations have been explained in this Sanad which was issued today.
The most surprising thing is that the Government of India has forcibly done this without going through Articles 290(a) and 290(b) of the Government of India Act 1935 as has been done to all the 540 Himas. Princely States when they created the road to unite India.
The seizure of Ganja has increased to 4,750 kilos in 2024 (seized by the Ri Bhoi Police) from 1400 kilos in 2023 and 3987 kilos in
The petition also included a letter sent by the Central Government in 1987 to the former Chief Minister Captain WA Sangma. The Central Government has no intention of stopping this coal mining.
Dr. Nongkynrih's works have appeared in publications such as Planet, The New Welsh Review, PEN International, The Literary Review, The Oxford Anthology of Writings from the North East and others.
Shillong, Naitung 7: U MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to discuss the issues of PHCs and CHCs. in the area after visiting government hospitals.
It may be recalled that the Hima Khyriem has already announced that it will comply with the directives of the government according to the rules and regulations for the holding of this shad niam within the Hima. religious custom until now.
The meeting was also attended by the party president Clavstar Ch Marak and other members of the party.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: All political parties in Meghalaya have remained silent on the signing of the agreement between the Government of India and Bangladesh on the acquisition of land. exchange between the two countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla. The establishment of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) will hold a rally to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The meeting was held on the 22nd of this month from Iewrynhep Square to Malki Square.
The union has mentioned that there is a shortage of drinking water in Mawphlang which has been confirmed by the tests sent by the union to the Pasture Institute.
During the meeting, Bah John urged the Minister to include pistol and rifle training at the central government premises.
I haven’t seen that either.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Police today arrested Bah Kenestar Lyngdoh Sunn of Umphyrnai village on charges of raping his 14-year-old daughter. age until you can armet.
In Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division, MLA Brening A Sangma launched the flag.
They should also install plas so that people can throw garbage and residents should not be allowed to throw garbage on the roads.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Central Executive Council (CEC) has strongly condemned the action of a policeman dressed in blue uniform who detonated a stun grenade at one of the shops of the Longkmie Khasi.
There was a student who was impressed with the computer and that was Ibansara Jyrwa.
The Seng wishes this young woman all the best in her career and believes that she will continue to bring more glory to the country and the nation.
Shillong, November 20: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri today in a statement urged the people not to listen to the curfew called by an illegal organization. in the newspapers today.
The doctors were surprised that there was no atomic plant in Punjab.
Minister of State for Civil Aviation.
Computer-Beginner – Sandashisha Lyngdoh, Intermediate – Pranteek Bhattacharjee; Tally-I – Nakisaka Shangpliang; Tally-II – Meba-ai-Shisha Syiem; DTP- the Marbaniang Province; Web Designing and PC Maintenance – by Nika Delecta Lyngdoh Nongbsap.
Shillong, November 03: Joybiful Suchiang of Iooksi village in West Jaintia Hills District has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station on
The Minister has decided to meet with the party to discuss this serious issue which affects the image of the nation in which a non-Meghalayan should represent India in the name of the party. The Minister of Sports has called for 56 days to discuss the issue. It is to be recalled that the members of the MSOA HITO has sent a letter to the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, who has been the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association for many years.
The purpose of the NEC in 1972 was to provide special assistance to these states in the region in terms of economic development so that they can grow as fast as other states in the country. In India.
To achieve this goal, the Ministry of Agriculture has sent a scheme to the North Eastern Council to support this initiative of the Government. These are slasha, shynrai and cashewnut.
The death toll has risen to 8 in East Khasi Hills, 7 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in East Garo Hills, bringing the death toll to sun.
The Chief Minister said that in the fight against COVID-19, it is not only the government's responsibility but also the people's responsibility to work together by obeying the government's directives, such as you know that many of those who are sick are those who are sick and those who are sick.
Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District CP Gotmare said that Section 144 CRPC has been imposed in some parts of Byrnihat and a curfew has been declared.
At the same time, the South West Khasi Hills District Police have urged the public not to hesitate to travel due to the collapse of the roads. avoid this time of heavy rain.
As a woman you must be a woman to stand up for the country and the nation.
Embassy staff will assist you for detailed instructions.
The meeting also discussed the issues related to the MEPA government.
The MZP was led by Ricky C. Lalbiakmawia (Advisor), L. Ramdinliana Renthlei President, B. Vanlaltana Vice President, Lalnunmawia Pautu (General Secretary), Lalthianghlima (Assistant General Secretary), Michael Lalramsanga and Treasurer. and Andrew F.Lalramnghaka (Finance Secretary).
According to the rules laid down in the census, any village with more than 5,000 inhabitants and most of them are men and working not in agriculture and the population should have about 400 people per square kilometer, but these areas are not owned by the Municipal Corporation, the Cantonment Board or the Town Area Committee.
In this regard, the Government has collected documents regarding those areas which the Government is working on and these have been sent to the Government of Assam.
The Chief Minister said that since 2014, the government has not done anything to lift the ban on coal mining in the state. The government has appealed to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court of India has recognized that the landowners shall own the minerals and land.
Besides, the BSF also seized cows from Iew Thymmai in East Khasi Hills, Rachanagiri in West Garo Hills and Shibari in South Garo Hills. They were not sent to Bangladesh.
You are requested to submit your explanation to the office of the party within the time limit stipulated in the party constitution.
Seeking the support of the people of the HSPDP on the issue of 'U pud u Sam', the party is ready to resolve the entire border of Ri Khasi Jaintia especially in the part of Assam, which “It's just a matter of time,” said the party.
These SOPs were issued on the basis that the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India has approved the opening of cinema halls and theaters through Order No.40-3/2020-DM-I(A) 27th July, 2021.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pyniaid said, “The new EC has considered the budget proposal for the year 2023-2024 and decided to include the proposal to request the State Government to provide land. The Council Building has been relocated to New Shillong Township.
The delegation was led by MLA Kennedy C Khynriem while Secretary Health HM Shangpliang and Commissioner and Secretary Education DP Wahlang were present. .
Your great contribution to the field of reading, writing and music has been announced by the synrop of artists who wish to honor you with the Khusnam Kynsai Kordor
With the opening of this small power plant today, it will help to provide electricity to 14 villages and many times these villages lose light more and more due to the power outage. lack of electricity.
When you come with a crowd to talk in the evening, there is no light.
The Chairman said that if it is written in Wahumkhrah that it is prohibited to throw land, it is also up to the government authorities to write near Umsherpi that it is prohibited to throw land.
Those who came to receive the hands of the Minister of State for Child Development today were from all parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, especially many women who received this aid. tire shed.
Referring to the border patrolling, the Prime Minister's Symbut said that this is the responsibility of the BSF on the border.
According to the AD Rule of KHADC, to remove the Chairman of the House, a resolution must be brought in the House by the EC or the opposition. If you win, you will be able to resign.
On the other hand, the church sends its condolences to the family members and prays for their recovery, as the church wants to have peace and harmony among all ethnic groups.
The two-day meeting was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in the presence of Bah Banteidor, Minister of Sports.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pyniaid Syiem said that it is true that the officers of the Forest Department have issued notices to all those who have been arrested because they do not have a license according to the rules and regulations. government.
Police have registered a case against them.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has been demanding for many years from the government since the previous leaders especially to bring a blood bank at Jowai Civil Hospital, but the government has not believed anything.
Furthermore, the party would like to thank the people of Warsan Lyngdoh area who have supported the party in their opposition to the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The All India Organization of Chemists and Drugists (AIOCD) has decided to hold a nationwide protest against the policies of the central government against pharmaceutical distributors. I'm from India.
Currently, the JalJeevan Mission has brought drinking water to 33% of households compared to only 1% in
These teams have scored three goals in the match.
“Bah DL Rymbai in his speech said, “I appreciate the hard work of the school in bringing this title which is an honor to the Dong, Shnong and the Region as a whole.
/10/2012, to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, for comments on the Memorandum sent by the Dorbar to the Government of India on June 2012. The KHADC Village Administration Bill 2013- Amendment Sixth Schedule -Constitution of India and the Resolution of the Assembly of 4th June 2013, ed.
Three areas which have not been implemented are one in Garo Hills, Kalaichar and one in East Khasi Hills District, Balat and Ryngku. the card is not working.
The word tiar or atiar has nothing to do with the Hindi word 'hatyaar' which means exactly a weapon but is a weapon, because weapon also means material-samagree, equipment-equipment, tool-toojaar. ).
In this regard, Bah Ardent urged the people not to rest at this juncture, as the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state has almost been completed. The State Government has decided to convene a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP. They should no longer be deceived or deceived at this time, or allow politicians to take advantage to delay this demand for their rights, but should stand firmly until ILP has not been issued in the state.
I request you to take good care of this vehicle because this is your vehicle and I don't want to hear that you misuse this ambulance and this ambulance belongs to you. “Please use it properly and take good care of it so that it will be your guide to get the service of this vehicle for years to come,” said Bah Shangpliang.
In Sutnga District alone, there are 22 coal mining factories without any documents and without submitting their applications, said HITO leaders Donbok Dkhar President and Wanbun N Dkhar. General Secretary.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that training centers are one of the employment centers and the Prime Minister said that it would be good if schools could provide teaching jobs. to the students who pass from the same school to have a sense of ownership in their own school so that they can devote themselves to the work.
Jairkade village is about 70 km from Shillong and takes about 3 hours to reach.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The MUA-II government has allocated new C&RD Block and Civil Sub Divisions.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that as a nation, we need this Act to prevent the entry of foreigners which has not been implemented yet. Speakers were Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition and Karnes Sohshang.
He said that the police have also promised to provide security to both the groups if necessary.
The revised SOPs from time to time, are approved in various activities.
Shillong, March 26: The Lumkshaid Dorbar Shnong (KHADC) has elected new village office bearers in the Lumkshaid Dorbar Shnong. Bah E Pathaw was elected as the Rangbah Shnong, Bah A Shanpru as the Rangbah Shnong and Bah M Kharkrang as the Secretary.
During the programme, the achievements of the teachers in various categories were highlighted including awards such as Session Topper, Best Project, Best Personality, and Computer Donation.
There should be a feeling that the neglected children, the elderly and the sick, the poor and the suffering are always in our minds and we give special assistance to ensure that the brothers and sisters and our brothers and sisters have the same opportunities in all walks of life.
He said that in July 2021, they will continue their protests to prevent the government from calling tender to hand over the EMRI to the private sector.
In the past years, the JSU has received that tourists have lost their lives because Khliehrait village has been the center of trade in East Jaintia Hills District. these are the signs on the road.
According to Kolkatta police, the girl was identified as Clara Bansharai Khongsit. According to police, she was a hostess with Indigo Airlines.
Meanwhile, 23 other nominees will receive $500 UD of the United States.
“We have been deceived and deceived by Dr. Mukul Sangma and now we don't want our nation to be deceived and deceived anymore,” said Samla Emperor Bareh General Secretary JSU. “We see that the government has been biased and insulting towards Jaintia Hills so it is time for us to stand together and fight for the rights that we should get,” he said.
Thousands of VBSY beneficiaries from across the country have joined the programme.
The president of the party, Johny Stone and several members of the party, urged to take action as soon as possible not only to the farmers but also to those refugees who have been affected by the natural disaster.
: The Preliminary Report submitted by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati has shown that the bridge at Pung Umïam is still in good condition. to be replaced only in the bridge bearings in order to extend the durability of the bridge.
Schemes like the PM Rural Livelihood Mission have helped Meghalaya a lot.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Governor of Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Sikkim, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh and the seven Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Region of India. They are from Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland.
The opening ceremony was conducted by RWRmbai President Mukhla Pyllun, Prof. RC Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Madon B Rymbai, CEM of JHADC, Daloi of the District and SK Lato, Secretary of the Organizing Committee.
The need for oxygen cylinders has arisen due to the increase in cases especially in Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan and others.
At the same time, he said that as a nation, we should hold on to our own trade, inheritance, customs and in all matters, as a nation, we cannot allow others to do it. The head of this land is Hynniewtrep.
This training has grown and continues to this day.
At the time of writing of this news, no information has been received that there will be any tragic incident due to the earthquake today.
Wanshanbor Kharkhrang said the MSL will start from 5th May
We need gymnasts and athletes from every district, every city.
At this public meeting today, the KSU leaders urged the people to give their right hand and left hand in this struggle and urged the youth to come forward to fight. against the proposal to build a railway line in Ri Khasi.
Antonio War MDC of this area said that the incident happened at about 8.15 pm but fortunately no casualties were reported. it is time for the children to go to school.
Shillong, November 19: Shillong Police today arrested Anthony Kharbuli from Springside.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The BSF troops have seized gold twice in a row from the same place at Hat Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District. they exchanged cattle for gold.
However, there should be an understanding between the traders and farmers and through this we can work together.
The party leaders had the opportunity to discuss and explain before Amit Shah the demands of the state such as the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the opening of the road. Amit Shah has listened to the meeting and agreed to look into these issues.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Niranjan Deb, 69, of Lower Lumparing, Shillong has died of COVID-19 at Woodland, Shillong, today. The death toll from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to
Referring to the National People's Party (NPP) which is leading the MDA government, State President Dr WR Kharlukhi told SP News Agency in Delhi that this is the part of the Prime Minister. a state where nothing can be said.
This is according to the announcement of the Returning Officer of the constituency who has sent this information to the District Council Affairs Department of the state government on the victory of Bah Lamdibok Sumer candidate of the Congress party.
AMD/CD/NER/NONGJRIPLATEAU/T-73 dated 27/12/2016 They want to force the will of the people.
After the celebration, the District authorities announced again to prevent the robbers who have been able to cause trouble. Section 144 CrPC and it will be from 6 pm to 5 pm.
The demand is that the rest of the people should not have to go to Shillong to get medicine or hospital especially those who come from poor families and if the government upgrades the CHC it will be a great blessing to the people. They will also receive adequate treatment as in other health centres.
I have a friend, who lives near our village, she has a seriously ill child and when she was shifted from Umden PHC to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, because of the bad condition of the pipe road. and oxygen (Oxygen) are cut off.
Therefore, it is proposed to amend this Act by implementing the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Bill,
This award will be only for Graduates, Masters and others such as Medical, Engineering and will be only for those who have come in the first rank above.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
That the indigenous people become low paid in their own state.
It is learned that each and every member of the police force, Bah Donbaok, has said this while talking to reporters after he has answered before the police at Sardar police station. The meeting was held today 30th June 2024 in the presence of the President of the Seng, Bah Roykupar Synrem and members.
He said that it is necessary to learn one's mother tongue along with English.
The jhur sold at the market were grown without the use of pesticides. The participating villages were from Liarsluid, Ri-Bhoi district, Mawlum Mawjahksew from West Khasi Hills district and Umsawwar from East. Khasi Hills district, Meghalaya.
In a written reply in Lok Sabha today Shri Ghatowar said, to ensure proper and timely utilization of funds, projects are monitored on a regular basis through quarterly progress reports.
Shillong, November 03: BSF troops have arrested two Bolero Pick-Ups from Hangaria and Huroi Bridge in East Jaintia Hills District for carrying sugarcane to Bangladesh. Two persons were arrested on 2/12/2023.
During the meeting, they also discussed the issue of the BDO of Umsning Block, it has been three months since the appointment of a temporary BDO and this BDO does not have the authority to sign any documents. .
It is to be recalled that Bah Witting Mawsor MLA after winning the election had supported his brother Bah Morning Mawsor to win the MDC election from the HSPDP but now Bah Morning has joined the HSPDP. The PDF will be the first time that the party will contest the MLA elections in
Mairang, Jymmang 14: Due to the current situation in the country and the state due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri, He wrote to the shopkeepers of Mairang Sub-Division.
The police have been arresting the members of the party but they have not done so but if they continue the time will come when we will think differently.
the mutka is not covered with weapons.
Police are conducting a search operation in the area to track down the suspects.
It is to be recalled that in 2002 at Khanduli, (L) Bah EK Mawlong, MR Meghalaya for a short time, was able to reach an agreement with MR Assam PK Mahanta to re transfer all the The land of the Khasi Pnars in Meghalaya.
On 4/2/2023, 88 candidates have registered from all over the state, but till today, 169 candidates have registered for the MLA election. and 7th of this month.
On Tuesday evening, members of the HITO in collaboration with the Zones and Units under the leadership of the President of the HITO, Bah Paullius Thyrniang, visited the area. Mawkyrwat market where they arrested three youths who were addicted to drugs.
The General Secretary of FKJGP has been charged under Section 341/324/353/505/506/34 of the Indian Penal Code while the Sadar Police Station has charged him with offences. Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Superintendent of Police (SGP) of East Khasi Hills District today announced that a suspect has been arrested. Four persons suspected of shooting dead people on the day of the march called by the FKJGP on 28/10/2
Among those invited were the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Vijay Kumar, the Editor of Penguin Random House India, Shubhi Surana and other writers.
In this regard, the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, has asked the DGP of Tripura to ensure that there will be no incident against the students. to further strengthen preventive measures.
In a four-page statement today, the Governor said that the university has done many things without respecting the law. This university should not be closed.
The Ministry of Road Surface Transport of the Union Government has now accepted the tender for the project.
Shillong, July 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting to investigate the cause of the collapse of the PA Sangma Sports Complex. Meghalaya.
All government offices, workplaces and schools will be closed tomorrow morning on 17th July 2018 across Meghalaya, according to a government statement sent today.
The job of GDSs is to carry letters especially in rural areas where they have to travel on foot.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: Mawkhar area today witnessed a heavy cold weather in which the road has been covered with cold and the vehicles passing and standing on this road have stopped.
Police suspect that this was a murder, as it was found from a MeECL house. Police are conducting investigation.
He said T.30 lakh has been allocated to the Deputy Commissioner's office of Shillong and Tura while T.17 lakh has been allocated for 10 districts.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 03: Two youths aged 17 and 15 years old have drowned while training inside the PHE dam. in the city of Mawrusyiar.
He said that until now there is no law to protect the state.
The Chief Judicial Magistrate of West Garo Hills has ordered the detention of Bernard N Marak for five days for further investigation.
Shillong, November 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, while taking part in the celebration of Persons with Disabilities in Tura today, expressed his deep sorrow. to see that there is a national increase in this organ shop.
Sheela Warbah and Bah Wallamjop Kharbihkhiew are the teachers of this centre.
New Delhi, Lber 09: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the Viksik Bharat Viksit North East program in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh today.
In addition, 20 percent of the monthly salary has been paid to facilitate the process.
Aadhar is residence proof and NPR is citizenship proof, and if these mynder get Aadhar it is no longer difficult for them to get Epic and become the owners.
There was also a tree planting ceremony.
Bah PM Marbaniang, DSO expressed his gratitude to the MBA for bringing such a tournament to the district in order to encourage the youth in this tournament. The meeting was attended by Bah PS Kharkongor, ADC, R Kharbihkiew and office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Party.
In a statement sent by the President and Secretary of KFTA, they said that after hearing from social media, they tried to search for information inside the village and in the surrounding areas but they could not find any evidence. You don't have to put up a poster in the village or anywhere else.
He said that he has received many complaints from different villages regarding the blockage of vehicles during the cleanliness drive and this has also put the people who walk and stand in many difficulties due to the cleanliness drive.
Shillong, July 10: U Bah Ambrose Pala, Inspector, Mines Royalty, Umkiang Check Post, East Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint that he paid 40,000 tyngka to three persons in October. Marshall Biam, Ency Shadap and Julius Nongtdu, after threatening him if he did not pay the money.
Latest reports say that such robbery of cemeteries by robbers has happened in Jaintia Hills in the past and such incidents do not happen frequently now, but this robbery of the cemetery has shocked. to the people of Mootyrshiah.
During and After Cyclone:If Indoors: Switch off electrical mains and gas connections.
“If this school can be completed, it will be of benefit to the students of the area and the delay in opening this school has been a great loss to the children living in the villages. HYC Ribhoi West President Bah RC Thangkhiew said in an interview with the media.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA said that it is necessary to upgrade the PHC to a CHC for the benefit of the people of the area and especially during this time of COVID-1 19.
The role of governments is to protect against human trafficking and the NHRC is looking into this area. be a man to preserve.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: There have been complaints from the public that there are people who use bombs, pesticides, jar, tyngsong and other methods of hunting. the tribes that lived in the river Rimen.
In his speech, he said that this is the first time that as a minister he has opened a toilet, but in this opening of this toilet is important because it is in public places and cleanliness. It is important that the main issue is not the toilet but cleanliness and this is an example for all.
Shillong, November 28: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday announced that it will nominate candidates for the MLA election 2018 and set up various committees across the constituencies. Bah Judah JM Wahlang was welcomed as the full member and candidate of the party from Sohiong Constituency.
These robbers came and demanded money from them and opened fire to scare the people but the people were angry and arrested them and bombed them to death while the others escaped.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Police have arrested three alleged leaders and arrested four others in connection with the clash between foreigners and KSU members in Ichamati yesterday.
It is to be recalled that the UDP Youth Wing has decided to hold this Knockout Football Tournament as part of the campaign against drugs. The theme of the event was “United Against Drugs, Deny Drugs, Embrace Life”.
The KSU demands that the GSU Khonjoy Regional Unit should think twice and immediately revoke these orders before the KSU as a party has to think of another way.
For those who have passed Class X and XII, they should get 80% or above.
Ronnie and I went to Delhi to meet with the TMC leaders. Besides, Charles Marngar, Gabriel Wahlang, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and Pynshngaiñ N. Syiem also held a meeting and discussed. If we send our supporters to support the TMC in Garo Hills tomorrow if they (TMC) join the BJP, it shows that we send our employees to the BJP, because we know that TMC leaders have talks and understanding with the BJP.” “Our duty as party leaders is to explain to our leaders in Delhi as well.
Before the leaders of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit Rueben Najiar and Reebok Diengdoh entered the police station grounds, a fight broke out about half an hour after the police. The KSU leaders were blocked after they were not allowed to enter the police station grounds.
Shillong, Lber 20: Police in East Khasi Hills District have arrested three persons in connection with an incident in Mawthlong village.
Shillong, Nailur 17: U Saidul Islam, 36, and three other jhur traders came from Mankachar to the 13Mile market at Chisakgre in West Garo Hills district at around 10 pm.
The number of students in 2013-2014 was 33557, in 2014-2015 it was 31276, in 2015-2016 it was 14957 and in 2016-2 .
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr.S Ashutosh, Additional PCCF and Additional CEO, MBDA, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner and Chairman BDU, East Khasi Hills.
The purpose of this march is to explain to the public how to understand in the mind and when the mind is strong it is also a march for people to forcefully participate in their own lives and free themselves from alcohol. bad.
This can be done by demanding that instead of the word “President” in paragraph 20 (A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule the word “Governor” should be substituted or we can demand in Article Special for the state of Meghalaya.
“If there are cases in the court against me, the court will look into it,” said Amperene Lyngdoh.
The students who performed well were awarded with mementos and two computer gifts were also awarded to two outstanding computer students.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Police in West Garo Hills District have rescued a girl who was kidnapped from Rajabala and two children who went missing from Rynjah, Shillong.
Retired pilots, officials, officers and civilians witnessed the flight from various places along the Umiam River.
The Prime Minister promised the people of Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh that we will stand firm to fulfill your aspirations.
The purpose of this meeting was to commemorate the services of him to the state during his tenure as Chief Minister.
The blast occurred at 9.45 pm while the police from Tura were on their way from Tura to Williamnagar in two Gypsies.
The resignation of Bah Palat from the post of Minister in the Union Government will allow the opposition to criticize the Congress party as there have been many ticket disputes within the party.
Similarly, Bah Sunny Malngiang of East Khasi Hills District spoke about the Khasi Mandarin which has been awarded the GI tag, which is selling well in cities like Bangalore where the Khasi Mandarin was recently launched.
He said that there are more than 500 cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the withdrawal of AFSPA from many districts, he said that the areas affected by the bloodshed are being developed according to the aspirations of the people and through the support of the Government.
Embhah said that this work does not belong to anyone but to the people and he wants the people to benefit.
This can also lead to injury, collision or injury to the line.
Shillong, July 06: The Union Minister of State for Agriculture today inaugurated the North Eastern Regional Agriculture Fair 2018 at ICAR, Umiam.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Wanteimon Jyrwa, 25, of Nongstoin, has lost his life in the Arabian Sea to rescue two children from being drowned in the sea. Independence Day of India.
Justine Dkhar MLA Sutnga, DC East Jaintia District, WS Lyngdoh, MDCs, Rangbah. Raij of various Raijs and many other Rangbah.
Shops selling food and beverages will continue to open as scheduled from time to time, and the public should not be afraid to leave once during the opening hours, said the DC of East Khasi Hills. District.
“For our own happiness, we have to ensure that we run a government without the BJP,” he said.
The report, released today, shows that there has been a decline in the spread of niangkulia, but this should not be taken stingy and the government has decided that the disease should disappear by
Speaking to reporters after assuming the post of DGP, she said that she will meet with the people every Friday if they have any suggestions or problems.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah Gigur Myrthong, MLA of Mawshynrut, today denied the allegation by the HNLC that he is working for benami. Your karma works in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today led a delegation including the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to a meeting with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in Delhi. .
and Foundation.
The KSU invites everyone to attend the opening ceremony of the statue of Kiang Nangbah this morning in front of the Civil Hospital Shillong at 12.00 noon.
The KSU demands from the MDA government that the Roster System should be implemented forward from its introduction and not to turn back which is a gain for one Jaidbynriew and a great loss for another Jaidbynriew.
SD Khongwir is now 85 years old and has been the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum for 50 years.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that vehicles heading to Lower Assam, Mizoram and Tripura have been allowed to pass through Meghalaya.
This decision was taken at the second boundary settlement meeting between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma held at Khanapara, Guwahati on Saturday. the presence of leaders from the Regional Committees headed by the Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
The Government of Meghalaya is putting on Sports, for the state's youth, these young talents are poised to make a resounding impact on the gymnastics scene, carrying the hopes and aspirations of an entire community.
he is happy that yoga, which originated in India, is being celebrated in other countries.
On the other hand, the Seng has expressed its concern over the increase in crime in the area and at the same time the Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate until they find those robbers and punish them according to the law. These things will never happen again in our country.
It was also found that these foreign workers who work at the pump do not receive their documents.
The two Lajong leaders who will lead the team are Birendra Thapa and Pynshailang Dann.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Customs Department of Preventive Headquarters, Shillong have seized four bags of elephant bones weighing 27.992 kilos from Biswanath Chariali in Assam. and India.
The Chairman of JACSO said that this decision of the state government and all those involved in this project has deceived the people of this state, their information that they have received about this uranium mining project. Shillong, Naitung 06: All government offices in Delhi will be closed tomorrow, the 9th of this month. all central government offices on the occasion of Id-Ul-Fitr.
Many laws relating to the protection of indigenous peoples were also explained on this occasion.
In this explanation, M June Myrsing, President, said that she does not agree with Ampareen's statement on the salary of ASHAs which is 5,0 monthly and other incentives.
According to Bah Wahlang, he said that he was unable to reach the front in the race due to the stiffness of his juti. He said that in the race of 42 KM, he was still Think that it will be a race like on the field but a race that has to climb the hills, descend the valleys and walk through the rocks.
At the same time, the RO has been directed to arrange the names of the voters and the full list should be released on the 23rd of this month and the complaint or registration should be filed on the 25th. until 3 o'clock in the morning.
The meeting will discuss the order issued by the State Mission Director SSA-SEMAM under the order No.MEGH/SSASMAM/FIN/1 /2009/118 dated Shillong, the31st October The new salary of SSA teachers, trained and untrained, will also be discussed. Aristotle C Rymbai President, HM Marbaniang General Secretary and other office bearers of the Central Body will attend the meeting.
The police also took the car.
It is interesting that the police together with the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) have arrested several drug traffickers and the number of drug traffickers has been high. .
It shows a different spirit.
He is survived by his wife, Betlin Myrthong and children, Michelle Myrthong and Ryan Myrthong.
Shillong, November 21: U DP Allantry Franklin Dkhar today sent a complaint to the Chief Election Commissioner of India on the allegation that some Ministers and MLAs of the National People's Party (NPP) In a complaint sent to the CEC today, Allantry said that according to allegations in the media, there are MLAs and government ministers from the party. The NPP has changed the names of the beneficiaries of the FOCUS scheme who are farmers from Meghalaya.
In a statement, the HNLC leader said that the police officer involved in the death of Bah Cherish will face punishment and promised that the party will investigate and punish him.
Speaking to media at his office at the Secretariat, he said that many political parties have spoken to him on this issue and he has directed the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of the department. and also the political department to convene the meeting.
The Chief Minister said that at the 69th NEC meeting, the main topic of discussion was the border dispute between the North Eastern States and Assam. want to fix it.
The District Magistrate said that the implementation of this order is after the Government of Meghalaya through the Transport Department has issued a notice on 4th July 2023 banning the use of horns. installing loud silencers and other vehicle equipment in excess of that permitted under Rules 119 (2) and Rule 120 (2) of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules 1989 and Section 52 of the Central Motor Vehicles (CMV) ) Act to regulate by law and reduce the sound of horns by vehicles and motorcycles which affect the health of persons and residents.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: About 14 GNLA cadres today surrendered before the Minister of Home Affairs. They also surrendered AK 47 rifles and many other weapons. weapons along with documents relating to the party.
This house is the house of Mrs. Baralin Mawpat and Mr. Phainal Phanbuh.
Shillong, July 19: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS). there were 133 in all.
, is intended to — (a) control the funding of any activity relating to weapons of mass destruction and the methods of using these; (b) authorize the Federal Government to – (i) freeze, seize or hold funds or assets or financial instruments to prevent such investment; (ii) estimate the supply of funds, assets or means of production for any unauthorized activity in relation to weapons of mass destruction and the methods of using these.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated the students of the state especially the fellows who will write the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
The Dom of the State Legislative Assembly was erected on 4th June 2022 and has been inaugurated. which constitutes the Legislative Assembly of the State.
In Group A, Uttar Pradesh beat Delhi 5-1
Those who come from Namdong Parish, Mynsngat Parish, Ïongchwiat Parish and Nongjngi areas will enter through the streets of Wahiajer Village to be shown by the Volunteers at Wahiajer.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that till yesterday only the helmets of the coal miners have been found. until this day.
Referring to the struggle to change the way money is used, the Prime Minister said, “As the people of the country, let us accept this age of knowledge by using it in the trade. without the use of money and this will help to eradicate corruption in India”.
After the meeting which lasted for more than two hours, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government will take all necessary measures to protect the people from the COVID-19 pandemic. -19 even if you have to explain more.
At the same time, the union led by its President Samla Forwardman Nongrem has appealed to the DHS (MI) regarding the contractual recruitment of more than 50 employees at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat without calling for an advertisement before applying. different posts.
Shillong, June 25: The Meghalaya Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) today awarded the 53rd Foundation Day Award to the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), the Government of Meghalaya.
After discussing all the issues and problems during the Regional Conference, they agreed to immediately form a National People's Youth Front (NPYF-NECC) headed by a Chairman. and the members of this Committee shall be two from each State.
The delegation led by Deepak Kumar Datta has submitted a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi through the Chief Minister.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of mobile phone services to the people of Jaintia Hills from talking phone to internet. This has affected the needs of the people in all aspects especially in the world of computers, mobiles and the internet where almost all the activities are done by computers, mobiles. bad internet.
Police have registered a case under Section 22(C)29 of the NDPS Act.
The T.4.5 crore for the first phase of the project, which has been allocated by the Council, if it is clean, the union expects it to cover about 8 or 9 kilometers and this will bring greater convenience to the people. of this region.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Kwilnis Suchiang (GS Narpuh Circle) and Samla B. Kamar (Organization Secretary JHDU).
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) has started preparing a plan to attract minorities from the Christian religions. Muslims and Buddhists of the North East of India joined the Congress party.
It cannot be said that this kur has been in conflict and there are two sides until now, so they have a struggle to become basan, and these baron have appeared since the death of basan Emarson Thangkhiew bam kwai. The dwar u Blei and this place was empty, but the living thangkhiew was chosen in this clean place in the presence of the child king and ministers before the Dorbar.
Police have rushed to the scene and are conducting a search for the perpetrator. It was on the 8th morning that the perpetrator surrendered to the police.
Synrem also urged the expert committee to send its recommendation to the government not to keep the reservation policy as a resolution of the government but to introduce a law to The current Reservation Policy will be strengthened in the Legislative Assembly.
Dr.Andystar Syiemlieh, in charge of the lab, said that so far, 48 types of blood tests have been conducted from the lab. He said that the price of the test is affordable for all. He said that the price of testing for other diseases will be increased according to the demand and needs.
The Seng is deeply concerned about the lives and livelihoods of the people of Narpuh and Rymbai Elaka. live in areas where there are dewbilat factories.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The North East Regional Institute of Education (NERIE)-NCERT, Umiam, today held a two-day workshop which was inaugurated by Prof. TB Subba VC, Umiam. Speaking at the opening ceremony, Prof.Subba said that it is a great idea to introduce traditional ideas in education. to remove colonization from studies.
The union urged the government to set up a BOP to have more police officers and to have modern cleaning equipment and the number of police officers should not be less than to guard the border and to provide peace to those on the border.
At present, the tourism industry in Garo Hills has not been promoted to the world despite the fact that there are many beautiful places, the opening of this Nokreh View Point will attract tourists to Garo Hills.
The central issue of the discussion was to resolve the six outstanding sites including Langpih, Boridua, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Desh Doomreah, Block-I and Block-II, and Psiar- Candle.
Through the stories of the Adivasis, the media and social media we have seen and witnessed how much horror has come to those communities living near the uranium mines.
The next morning, these Khasi youths went to discuss the incident but about 30 foreigners came out and carried sticks and other weapons. bomb on them.
Residents from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills who do not know about this place have alleged that the government has not done anything to clean the canal so that the water will not flow on the road. the view of the Cantonment.
He said that the training provided in colleges is no longer appropriate in this era according to the demand of the market in employment and also in the employment sector. Like Uber, it doesn't have a single car, Amazon doesn't have a single shop but they are the biggest companies in the world.
Children in this age respect only if they can give, if they can't, they don't give.
The villagers said that in the last five years, the government has sent engineers from time to time to see how to protect the village from the flooding of the Umngi River. During the rainy season, there are also companies from Kolkatta who come to inspect the river.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The residence of Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) on Nongrim Road, Laitumkhrah, has been destroyed by robbers. No one was injured in the incident.
On this occasion, the KSU led by Robert Samakha, President and Shemphang Rongrin, General Secretary together with the members of the KSU together with the residents of Nongsleh came out to repair the road. This road has been very bad for the traffic especially for the sick due to the bad condition of this road.
On the other hand, the leaders of the American companies have promised to come to the North East and are ready to come to Meghalaya.
He also urged the companies to provide support to the institutions that have emerged.
It is on this basis that the people have stopped their protest and thus peace has returned to the city and the people of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep are now waiting for the promise of this Government to fulfill. .
The meeting was chaired by the Dolloi Shangpung. The meeting was attended by senior members of Shangpung District, including Comet Rymbai, Jowai District, Chawas Lyngdoh, Rymbai District and Erudith Sutnga, Sutnga District.
We also urge the MLA of Ranikor Constituency to take action on these issues of the people from the three villages and soon we will remind the Director of Health Services on these issues.
Ampati, July 27: U Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad, Minister of State for Finance, Minister of State for Education and Training, Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad today visited Ampati, the capital of the State. to oversee the implementation of various schemes of the Central Government.
New Delhi, Nailar 26: The National Food Security Ordinance, 2013, promulgated by the Union Government, will provide up to 75% of the population in rural areas and 50% in urban areas.
The cases are from East Khasi Hills 104, West Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 23, West Jaintia Hills 30, South West Garo Hills
Shillong, Naiweing 27: Police today arrested Komar T Sangma, one of the senior officers of the GNLA in East Garo Hills.
The RDA will soon announce its candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, which is currently led by Congress MP Vincent H. Pala.
According to Section 126 of the Representation of People Act, 1951 as amended, the curfew has come into force, which prohibits the campaigning of elections, or the holding of public meetings or the display of signs. of political parties whether on Television or mass media.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir today swore in Muktiar Hamarsan Singh Thnangkhiew as a Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 27: U Bah MC Rymbui, resident of Lad Thalaboh, has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station that his nephew Loius Rymbui has threatened all his family members. Your mother has lodged a complaint with the police.
This judo training at NESA will help all those who are trained to better defend themselves and others because judo is a sport that is specially taught how to fight if you have to defend yourself even if you don't have weapons. which can be harmful.
The Minister said that the government has received many suggestions from KHADC, KSU, Rangbah Shnong Union and Hawkers Association.
Khongwing and Ronghilik villages for the operation of gas pipeline from Assam.
The new Lok Sabha will have 888 members, which will enhance the rule of law and strengthen it when taking decisions in public administration.
In fact, the Chief Minister today should have visited the flood areas in West Garo Hills District and the worst affected areas are Rajabala and Pulbari Constituencies. He had to stop and he would go to visit when he returned from Delhi.
Shillong, June 30: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, while addressing the biennial meeting of the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers' Association (AMPSTA), said that it would be better if there were only two or three teachers. kind of school, why do you have a school?
Pynursla Police Station and BSF troops today seized 92 cows from Nongskhen village on the border with Bangladesh.
Conrad said the 2018 election is important for them because the people no longer trust the Congress party. He said there was a time when the Congress party ruled for 18 seats. There are four states in the country but now it has declined in four states and in 2018 the Congress will not come to power.
This is a request and also to cooperate with the organization by conducting an awareness program on these fraud cases to the people of East Jaintia Hills District including school children, class children and elderly women. same.
So far, 2054 samples have been taken and 1967 samples have been tested negative. The 40 samples have recovered and the remaining samples will be taken again. the fourth time tomorrow morning to send the test again.
The 4th Teachers Committee, which consists of 1521 members from all districts of the State, in its meeting today, has discussed the silence of the State Government despite the fact that the union has already sent a letter since in 2013 to demand from the government to do something regarding the increase in their salary which is now only T.6000/-.
Banteibok Lyngdoh, a member of the party, said the government should look after the villagers and not only Shillong.
Dundee said the party supports and will also cooperate with the KHADC to strengthen the laws, Dorbar Shnongs to curb the entry and exit of foreigners into the border. distribution of villages.
It is learned that some unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the shop of J Das who sells goods but it did not reach the shop and the bottle fell on the ground and went to burn. It was the vehicle of the Rangbah Shnong.
She said the benefits of natural greenery vary from place to place.
The bridge has been constructed and this will affect the traffic of the people. The Ri-Bhoi Police have been busy arranging for the traffic.
The commission will also include prominent figures from the state as well as Dr JP Lyngdoh, Dr S Nongrem, Dr PS Nianglang, Dr Fabian Lyngdoh, Dr Kitboklang Nongphlang and Dr RS Wanniang.
Shillong, Naitung 04: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) today met with the Union Minister of State for Sports and Sports, KJ Alphons in Delhi to discuss how to develop the tourism industry. the world sports activities in Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today opened nine new Block Offices to bring government services closer to the people. amid staff shortages.
Shillong, March 11: Terang B Marak of Saljong Rover Crew, Idason Kharlukhi and Kebinson Thongni of Boscorean Scout Group have been selected to take part in the 26th Asia Pacific Regional Scout Conference to be held in Manila, Philippines.
The union also urges the Government not to take action as the site for the Marten is adjacent to farmland and is located near the Wah Umkhen and will also affect the dohum. dohwah who lives in the river.
The closing ceremony began with a prayer by Bah Johnson Majaw, followed by the laying of flowers to the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest's symbud, and a welcome speech by Mirth Lilian Blah. She is the President of the Jaiaw Langsning Women's Association.
Other government officials were also present to attend the ceremony.
Ms Warjri said it is interesting to know that the youth from this village have appeared not only in the state in sports but also abroad.
The first seizure was T.1.85 lakh, the second seizure was T.2.875 lakh and T.6 lakh. on the same day 21/1/2
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Indian Meteorological Department today informed the public that the heavy rainfall will continue till Tuesday. good.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Working President of the MPCC, said that the party has already provided the necessary information. the House of Representatives of the District Councils.
At this meeting, all the speakers said that the traffic department has a shortage of staff in all the police stations, the police department should increase the number of staff because when there are police, the traffic jam is less.
The Deputy Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Bah R Pde, said that they received a tip this morning that a petrol truck had overturned and caught a tree. At Pyllun village, the vehicle was on its way to Jaiitnia Hills but when it reached this place, it overturned and caught fire.
John D Sangma General Secretary of AKHAF said that the AKHAF was formed to look after the villages in the rural areas which have no one to look after those on the border.
The driver of the truck escaped without injuries.
This will be followed by a public meeting in Kolkatta.
And so that the members of that family, especially the women, may be protected from the smoke from those who touch their eyes and throat.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that he has resigned from the post of president of the party with the intention of contesting the mid-term MDC election from Laban-Mawprem constituency to be held next month. November this year.
Perhaps India has not benefited from the first three revolutions, but I am confident that India will benefit greatly from the fourth industrial revolution and we will lead the way in this,” he added.
Shillong, November 02: The General Secretary and Spokesperson of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtrwa, today sent a statement admitting that after the incident at Soo Kilo, The members of the union spoke to the Doloi of Sutnga Elaka by phone and during the conversation the Doloi alleged that the permission was given by the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, July 06: The President of the Meghalaya State Unit of the TMC, Bah Charles Pyngrope today announced the party's candidates for the MLA elections from 52 constituencies. The Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
In the evening, they have provided us with food and we thank them because our journey has been peaceful and we don't have any fear,” said this young woman and other students in an interview with the media. message.
Don't be afraid, when we stand up for righteousness, when we stand up we understand the solid foundation,” said Bah Ardent.
Although Bah Bull Nongjop Lyngdoh passed away 29 years ago, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has not forgotten this former leader of the KSU. of life for the causes of the nation.
The government's wish is to streamline the work of the courts as the work has already been separated between the Magistrates in the districts and the courts which have already been set up in each district by the government.
In the match between Raliang and Umkiang, Raliang scored a goal to win.
On the opening day of the championship on 7th September 2017, the first gold medal of the championship was won by a Class XI student from Shillong College from Smit Village in the Musical Form Hard Style of Kickboxing.
His speeches during the Quit India Movement have relevance to our times.
The Minister spoke about the government's vision and what the government has done to improve education in the state.
Roykupar said that the party has met with the government authorities, from the Deputy Commissioner, to express that there are people who are illegally living in the area. The smuggling of drugs in Shillong is from this place.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah CVD Diengdoh, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Home Affairs, has directed all government employees working in the Secretariat and various government departments to apply for pass from their offices. which they work.
The JHADC has recently issued an order that its employees can no longer be appointed as Rangbah Shnong from now on. Raid and the community together.
July 29: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to
He urged everyone to come forward and be ready so that the people from abroad can also come to Ri Bhoi.
Regarding the railway line, the government has a plan but the problem is that the civil society is against the railway line.
As church leaders, they should speak to the people of the church and speak without hesitation and speak to any candidate who can really bring about change in the society and in the state, he said. Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs.
The notifications of the Ong shall apply unless paragraph 5 (3) of the Ong shall apply.
It was reported in the House that since the implementation of the CAA in India, Meghalaya has not yet applied for citizenship. come to live in the village.
“Moving forward can’t be to everyone’s taste.
It was established by law and registered by the Memorandum of Association of the Congregation under Act XXI of 1860 in November 1973. It was approved by the management of the college.
They were arrested by the Special Police Station of the Meghalaya Police.
The union has sent a letter to the government since 20/March 2022 with the demand to introduce a policy of employment of 80% of the youth in the private companies but until now the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has not responded. you are still responding to the demands of the party.
In a meeting with the residents of Sabuda, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the party will write to the government to demand the provision of police patrols. This is the village on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
Speaking to reporters, Microlina Syiemlieh said that the Prime Minister has accepted their demand and promised to look into it when he receives it. a report from the Ministry of Health.
The union has informed and demanded that the state government through a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner South West Khasi Hills District on two issues which we believe are the most important issues that the government should address. no sooner.
Everyone is welcome to visit the exhibition from 10 am to 3 pm on March 27 and 28, 2022.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has also raised a question with the government.
The Congress, UDP and Rev PBM Basaiawmoit have already announced their candidates for the MP election from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat. their candidate.
The possession of Aadhaar Card is also required for MGNREGA (100 Days Scheme), MHIS (Medical and Health Insurance Scheme), NFSA (Ration) as well as bank related jobs, Scholarship (for students), NSAP (for adults), LPG connection (for gas at home), mobile connection (for SIM card) and so on.
On this day, the dancers from all over the Khasi Hills in traditional costumes, both men and women, came to Madan Weiking to witness. he shad Happy Spirit.
The Government has sanctioned about 290 posts at the Cabinet meeting recently at Mihmyntdu.
At present, the Congress MLAs in Garo Hills have 13 out of 24 constituencies and three independents.
“The incident is minor, there is a fight on the street and not inside the police station between a group of Khasi children and other ethnic groups.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Answering a question by Bah MN Mukhim, EM of KHADC, Bah Rnagkynshai Kharbuki, said that the construction of the market in Mawsynram has cost T.50 lakh and the market has 12 rooms.
Several Ministers of Mylliem Hima have lodged a complaint with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHA) regarding the allegation of corruption by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. and the failure to convene the Executive Dorbar and the Pyllun Dorbar of the Bakhraw Batri to inform the public about the amount of T.5,58,30,451 crore received from the Government's compensation for the improvement of the Shillong Road- Dawki.
And especially for the students who are having exams now, it affects their study time because they cannot study in the evening and morning.
The Police Department has appealed to the youths to refrain from stunting while driving as it not only puts them in danger but also puts others on the road in danger.
This special relationship continues to change according to the emerging challenges of the moment, especially after the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In his speech, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on the occasion, spoke on the history of U Woh Kiang Nangbah. Other members of the party also spoke on the history of this freedom fighter. you are a nation of pnar.
“This is to introduce mismanagement of public administration without permission in all the Hima according to the different villages especially in Meghalaya which has its own Autonomous District Councils and is still under the Minority. Status of the Constitution of India,” said AIM. Blood tests, weight and height measurements as well as other medical treatment on many occasions without public information and explanation especially through parents who care for their children. .
The Forum also opposed the creation of Khanduli and Psiar Sectors in the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District.
Union Minister in charge of Commerce and Industry, Shri Piyush Goyal attended the Samvad-2024 Industry and Investor Linkage Program at Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh on 8th November
Initially, the program was available only in Hindi.
Resublepara, July 27: The Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah C Marah, in her speech at the raising of the flag of India at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills, on the occasion of the Republic Day. He said the government has taken steps to help the female children.
Therefore, the construction should be completed within this year.
The HYC has suggested that there should be a tribunal in the villages and the decision of the tribunal should not be changed by the Executive Committee.
The deadline for submission of videos is July 30,
At the same time, they ordered the guards inside the area to turn off the light.
Referring to corruption, Rahul said it was the Congress party that had introduced the RTI Act. Also present were the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Deborah Marak, Salseng C Marak and other political party leaders.
It is to be recalled that the HITO has taken the initiative to demand from the State Government and the Central Government to increase the price of petrol by holding a protest on 26/10/2021 at Malki Square. We are pleased as a party that the Government is quick to take action against many churches.
At a public meeting held at Diengpasoh.
These nine markets recognized by the District Administration in East Khasi Hills will open at 4.00 pm and close at 4.00 pm from tomorrow.
The government will not allow the perpetrators to escape. Police are investigating.
NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said, “There are those who have resigned from the Akhile Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), one woman and two men.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday fixed the hearing for TB patients and drug-resistant TB patients. on 9th June 2024 on the petition of the North East Students Organization (NESO) to suspend the Rule of Citizenship (Amendment) Act
He said that the Commission will announce what they have discussed and all those who came to meet with the group at this meeting have discussed many issues which they will announce.
This has created problems for the people because this is the life and death of the people.
“Therefore, I request you to take action on this matter so that Bah Ardent will not escape the misuse of the funds of the Council and the people,” said the complaint.
On the other hand, the Minister also congratulated the officers who were able to provide the training.
Ernest said that do they have that feeling when the President of the country is insulted just because he is an ethnic group, as they do to the ethnic groups of Meghalaya who are still trying to improve.
It may be recalled that the strike lasted for two months until it was resolved today.
Speaking to reporters, Purningstar said that the demand for the removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima is based on corruption in relation to the affairs of the Hima. The KHADC has not done anything regarding this demand of the JAC. Their visit to the KHADC today is that they have not received any reply from the KHADC on this demand. They said that their visit to KHADC today was to meet with the CEM, Bah Titisstarwell Chyne as they had already spoken by phone but when they came today he was not in the office.
The KHNAM on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the BJP leader for making unfounded allegations related to Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that it is on such occasions that the culture is promoted and Behdienkhlam is one of them.
On the other hand, the DC said that if anyone else has been treated in this way, they should come forward and report and the office is ready to help.
In Rajabala constituency, Marthon Sangma and Zenith Sangma were elected.
“Most of them are trucks carrying goods that we intend to transport to Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The road from Wah Mawlangdiar to Phlangsynei which connects all the villages in the northern parts of Lawbah, Nongtrai, Ryngku and so on. last sunday it could have fallen at any moment.
On the part of the Bakdil leader, Father Sunny, he said that there is knowledge how to dig, others who were present were the ADC and PD, DRDA, DD Shira and others.
However, the people of Khasi Jaintia are still reluctant to support such parties.
Nitish has left the BJP-led NDA after a split in the India Block.
In a statement, the HNLC reminds the people of Hynniewtrep that the 21st of this month is the 21st death anniversary of Syiem Wickliff. founder of Hynniewtrep Nationalism.
Kong Twintina and Kong Risuk have requested the Government authorities to help them in such a tragic incident.
In the junior 52 kg category, Barsing Maring, Basterwell Laloo, Fairdinand Klein and Kwiranus Laloo won gold, silver and bronze medals.
The Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills District, NA Khan has sentenced Riang Najiar, 71, to 10 years imprisonment for raping his 9-year-old daughter. age in 2008.
In his speech, he stressed that there should be no cooperation between the army and the people in the North East of India.
This deterioration of the road has not only delayed the traffic, but has also destroyed the number of vehicles passing on this road. walk on this road.
The names of the 15 people who were trapped in the coal mine are Omor Ali, Mezamur Islam, Monimul Islam and Amir Husain. , Munirul Islam, Saiar Islam, Shirapat Ali, Mozid SK, Raziul Islam, Samsul Haque, Chal Dkhar, Iong Dkhar, Nilam Dkhar, Abdul Kalam and Assh Bahadur Limbu.
The President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District, Samla Ribok Diengdoh, said that he had to leave because he did not want to see that the members of the KSU were not arrested. The KSU should call in the morning, not in the middle of the night and in the evening to attack like the rebels.
He said that the three occupations of the people in these plain areas have been affected by the floods, namely agriculture especially rice, livestock and fish ponds.
In her speech, Kong R Passah CDPO of Amlarem said that the ICDS is to distribute food items to the children so that they can have a healthy body and there is also an examination for them. by doctors and this also applies to mothers with two bodies and those with disabilities.
On the other hand, the Minister of Water Supply said that after a meeting with the Secretary, Road Construction Department, the Union Government has clarified that there are up to 6000 DPRs which the Central Government has sent to suspend because they do not fall under the jurisdiction. The National Highway and this road fall under the same category.
HANK demands that the government should arrest these trucks and at the same time the HANK urges the contractor to complete the work within November
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: Police have launched a search operation to track down those involved in the robbery of the SBI Bank in Umiam.
Shillong, July 05: The National People's Party (NPP) in the presence of Dr WR Kharlukhi, State President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday welcomed Pynshngianlang Syiem and Alvin K Sawkmie to the party. A public meeting was held today at Mawsynram.
We also met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh but she said nothing and turned to the Dealing Assistants.
The report said there is strong action on the part of the Government to invest in infrastructure and provide the logistical functions necessary for the survival of progress.
After that, my classmate Malvin Passah, who is now a pastor, asked me to come and teach at Alpha English Higher Secondary School Nongpoh in 2001 and so I didn't understand what was happening, and I continued. She has been teaching at the same school Nongpoh until now.
He said that during this meeting he informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the concern is not only for the people living along the Umngot River but if the Umngot River is dammed it will lead to the loss of livelihoods. There are many employees in Tourism.
and Ojanris Rabon (NCP) of Shillong,1
The leaders of the groups that participated in the relief missions in India and Turkey briefed the Minister on their activities.
On the other hand, the MDC from Umsning demanded that the police should arrest and punish these robbers severely so that this will not happen again.
One of the National and State Political Parties was invited to speak briefly before the Dorbar Ri on the affairs of the Khasi States, Hima/Elaka and especially on the IOA. & AA 17 August 1948.
She said that through the support of macroeconomic policies, India is poised to become one of the fastest growing economies in the world this year.
On the same issue, the KHADC will also meet with the MHA authorities to find out where the VAB has reached now, as the KHADC has already sent the clarifications on the request for clarification of the MHA through the state government.
Speaking on the occasion, the Hon’ble Governor praised the role of the mother in our life.
The loss of the BJP party from this constituency is that John Anthony Lyngdoh, MLA who contested for the MLA election in 2018, has not won the election but has left the party. why there is no respect for him within the party.
This is the answer from the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) to a question regarding the traffic jam in Shillong which has affected all the passengers in the city.
KHNAM is not like the Congress party, KHNAM urges the people to turn to their own ethnic parties for the sake of protecting the country and the nation.
AT Mandal of the Congress party has already won the post of Speaker of the House this morning.
Those who work and mine Mawshun, then where do they transport the MINOR LIMESTONE that they have mined because if they transport the MINOR LIMESTONE abroad, these government authorities in charge of this work will not. I don't have a TRANSIT pass.
In a letter sent to the two Ministers, Bah Nongrum said that as a leader of the people, he has received complaints from the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Pyllun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and other villages. are experiencing drought in these days.
The AJYWO requests not only the DC and the District & Session Court to consider this plight of the people but also requests all those who should help the people in applying for Birth Certificate. that they should be pleased to help the poor of the people as much as they can, that they may not suffer too much.
UNESCO has declared the site a World Heritage Site, home to wildlife, especially the rhinoceros.
The petrol bomb explosion occurred at a time when shops were just beginning to open.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held for three days, today is the end of the festival, the second day and the first day will be the closing ceremony of the 10th Annual Shad Suk Mynsiem. you field weiking.
Members of the HYC first held a protest and later held a rally on these two demands which the Legislative Assembly has decided to implement the ILP and to introduce the ILP. the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India which is still in force.
“As one of the volunteers through the Seng Bhalang, even if I am no longer in the Seng Bhalang, I have the spirit to serve the region and the nation. I am still strong inside me, so as the supporters and the people of the area have trusted me to contest the MDC Election 2014 to the KHADC Legislative Assembly, I am pleased to say that the loss of ticket of I from the Congress party have not discouraged me at all but with the pressure of the people I will fight without hesitation to achieve the aspirations of the people of the area as a whole”.
This is according to a statement sent by JAC Chairman WG Dkhar and C Nongbri Secretary.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Indian Air Force will hold a public demonstration of the Surya Kiran Aerobatic Team (SKAT) on 8/3/2024 at Umiam Lake at 8.45 pm.
On the same day, it was also announced to open the Sohiong C&RD Block and the multi-storey market at a cost of T.30 crore.
Roshan Warjri, Home Minister, in which he submitted the petition on i) The letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA); ii) the need for the State Government to prepare many laws to deal with Influx, Infiltration; trade through Border Hats on the India-Bangladesh border; iii) the issue of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act in relation to them and the issue of the 11 Hima/Elaka on the Assam border to collect revenue and register Land Holdings including rent fees and annual registration fee for those persons in the border areas who have old documents in the Assam-Meghalaya Boundary areas iv) to create opportunities to assist the people due to the decline in trade due to the shortage v) To urge the State Government to create opportunities for dialogue with all the people including civil society, through informal dialogues.
HANM has closed down its offices after receiving a complaint and many of the offices have not protested but have closed down their workplaces.
Shillong, Lber 23: Two persons have been arrested in connection with the robbery of Mawkhanu petrol pump and shot and injured two employees. The injured were taken to NEIGRHIMS for treatment on 19/11/2
Bah Metbah said that the creation of the new districts is with the aim of bringing Khadar rule closer to the people and expressed the hope to see the promotion of various offices. who will be in the district in the coming times and years.
New Delhi 26: The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) has strongly condemned the killing of Congress leaders by Maoist militants in Chhattisgarh.
It is the Church that governs the whole state, and the Church leaders in the state run the state.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Tuesday inaugurated the Akhaura-Agartala railway line.
Syntar Klas Sunn won the MLA election as an independent candidate from Mawphlang Constituency and after winning he joined the UDP party in the Legislative Assembly.
Any young man who wishes to get more information regarding this work can apply to it.
There are 65 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 45 from West Khasi Hills and 10 from West Khasi Hills. 81351 people.
At this meeting, the Cabinet decided to appoint one Minister to look after each District for one year to monitor the implementation of government schemes in all Districts by conducting meetings with District Heads.
The union also demands that both the District Councils of Khasi and Jaintia Hills should take the same decision through their Legislative Assemblies to express their opposition to the Bill and send a letter to the Government of India.
Remember that Lapangap and Khanduli did not send weapons to Assam.
Before the meeting with the DC, the Seng had also submitted the same memorandum to the SP, Ma MK Dkhar, of the district.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the Government has already appointed a Search Committee headed by the Chief Secretary to look into the problems of the education sector in the state.
The Daloi wants to send a clear message to the government that soul is more important than wealth and urged the government not to take an urgent decision on this issue to protect lives. He also urged those exporters to cooperate for the sake of the public.
Shillong, July 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced the creation of the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. The Congress MLA will resign as MLA and contest the mid-term elections from the NPP party. All the Block Congress Committees have resigned and the Ranikor Block Congress Committee has been established today.
Chairman of the school, PK Dubey, IG BSF, Dr. Sabu A Joseph, DIG(PSO), Meghalaya Frontier, Shillong in the presence of other officers honored 29 students. Those who have passed well in class X and class
Our request is that the Government should implement the chess law forward and not backward,” said Bah Marngar.
On the other hand, the HNLC leaders have erected a Syntiew as a sign of respect to the great Syiem of Ri Khasi Hills who fought against the French who attacked the thousands of children of the Nongkhlaw Hima. They are building the road from Assam to Shyllet through the Khasi Hills.
They went to the bedroom and toilet but there was no electricity.
Langkyrding, Nongmynsong, Left Nongmynsong, Block 1, Block V of Langkyrding, Block 1 and Block V of Pynthorumkhrah were flooded for 15 to 20 minutes.
There are 28 recoveries today, 15 from East Khasi Hills and 10 from West Garo Hills. The total number of recoveries so far has risen to .
Cooperation in the field of electricity is an important issue in India-Bangladesh relations.
He also urged the children to work hard and have a selfless spirit to achieve the goal of victory, even though they have to face difficulties in having to go to work early in the morning to meet the needs of the household.
Shillong, Nailar 22: U Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh at a public meeting to explain that the government's decision to allow the sale of urea is not easy to explain. to bring about consensus as discussions are with other government departments as well.
Deimaya Lang Siangshai, Editor of Mawphor, was elected as the new President of the Shillong Press Club (SPC) on Thursday. DIPR) to the State Government.
Ramkumar said the comprehensive quality assessment was conducted again in November, 2023 by the Quality Control Division of Meghalayan Medical Drugs & Services Ltd. which took samples of drugs from the warehouses.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister launched the program to increase the number of Jan Aushadhi Kendras in the country from 10,000 to 25,0
Border areas development Rs.59.96 core, Urban development Rs.267.07 core, Health and family welfare Rs.420.93 core,  Education Rs 909.94 core, Sport and Youth Affairs Rs.51.20 core, Tourism Rs.51.19 Rs. Cure and Core, Labor and Employment Rs.26.61 core, Social welfare Rs.386.10 core, Water supply and sanitation Rs.350.80 core, Food civil supplies and consumer affairs Rs.106.11 core, Road Bridges Rs.712.01 core,1 Power Rs.3. Transport  Rs.17 Core, Commerce and Industries Rs.27.91 core, Mining and Geology Rs.3.69 core , Information Technology Rs.61.95 core, Information bad  Public Relation Rs.9.80 core.
“We have re-elected Bah Stemar Nongbri as the new Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Jophas. We have also sent a letter to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, but it has not responded for 10 years.
Regarding this, the RBI said that the public should be vigilant against such frauds as many people have paid tens of thousands of rupees. money and in the end they don’t get what they are offered.
States have started OPDs to look after and treat those who have COVID-19 who have to stay alone at home.
He urged all to join hands to fight against evil.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: GVK EMRI on the 23rd of this month signed a memorandum of understanding with the Government of Rajasthan in Jaipur to operate the 108 Ambulance for the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Unidentified robbers broke into the house of Bah Romio Lyngdoh, 50, and shot him dead at Lapalang village under Pynursla Police Station. Station.
The agreement was signed by the Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh in November 2012 during his visit to the North of the country.
He has also trained himself in many areas related to these defense activities.
Regarding the schemes implemented by the party, they should ensure that they reach the people.
Mudra loans are available in three categories namely 'Shishu', 'Kishore' and 'Tarun' which are a symbol of progress and economic development and meeting the financial needs of the borrowers.
Many discussions and expressions were held from many quarters especially from the Seng Bhalang in Mawlai and Mawlai Town Durbar.
Sadon Blah General Secretary of the HNYF, said that the government should pay compensation to those injured in the shooting and all those injured in this curfew is unprecedented. The government has imposed a curfew.
"“I have seen with my own eyes that a person casts 6-7 votes alone.
The table shows the state-wise statistics on GST collection in each State in June 2023 compared to June
He also urged the government authorities to talk to the army units in Shillong if possible not to allow the army units to come as they are not jhur traders, said the Commander. Shillong, Nailar 02: Dr Aman War, Director of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that they will not listen to anyone but will work forward. to those who are working in the fight against COVID-1
The Police Department requests the public to post any information through the websitemegpolice.
KDA demands increase in unemployment allowance from 500 tyngka to 5000 tyngka per month for the disabled The age limit should be increased from 32 to 42 years and the government should fully implement the PWD Act.
Similarly, the BSF also seized 24 cows from Tuka in East Khasi Hills District and Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills District.
Bah Kyndait was an MLA of Rymbai in the past and this constituency is now known as Khliehriat in the new division of constituencies.
Shillong, March 26: U Bah Charles Marngar MLA of Mawhati today met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Block-II of Ri Bhoi District. The meeting was held at Jatalong.
The state currently produces 27 metric tonnes of Tut and with the implementation of the Mushroom Mission, it is expected that the state will produce 5000 metric tonnes of Tut in the next three years.
In a statement, Bah Dkhar said, “We see and understand the plight of the people of East Jaintia Hills who live in the western parts of the district.
of Statistics, NEHU, Shillong, gave a speech on this program.
Shillong, November 22: The Legislative Secretary of the KHADC, Bah A Shangpliang, on Tuesday said that the swearing-in ceremony of the six MDCs who have just won the mid-term MDC elections. He said that according to the rule of KHADC, MDCs should be sworn in by the Governor of the State or any other person. he shall not be appointed by the Governor of the State.
Lyngdoh said he hopes that perhaps they will be able to produce what has happened in this film.
Bah John Lyngdoh expressed his anger at the behavior of these troops, especially the exploitation during such times of curfew.
The beginning of the introduction of these bio-pesticides in agriculture using only manure or gradually produces soil that can eradicate diseases until it reduces the incidence of diseases.
The implementation of this scheme is by installing electronic Point of Sale (ePoS) devices in ration shops and this will keep track of the distribution of food items. issue a slip to indicate those who are eligible for the job as approved by the Government.
They were arrested at 4.30 pm today and 676 grams of heroin worth 10 crore tyngka was seized from them. Investigation was conducted and four more persons were arrested, a total of six from Shillong.
The link for the meeting will be shared with those interested in participating when the time is right.
The Cabinet Meeting of the Government of Meghalaya has decided to reopen the rural markets from the 15th of this month.
Referring to the Inner Line Permit, he said that the party has taken many issues that the party has been demanding for. The Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India, these demands have been going on for many years but these demands are still in trouble.
Explaining on the distribution of sugar to the people, the Central Government in 2014 suspended the distribution of sugar through the Food Corporation of India, but allowed the State Governments to buy from the market and the Central Government. The price will be T.18.50 per kilo and the highest price will be paid by the State Government.
When asked, Bah Kharkrang said, “Which state ruled by the BJP does not have development projects? Give me an example of a state ruled by the BJP that does not have development. .
“I don't want to say anything on this because the time has not yet come, the Congress party is not like other political parties like the BSP, RJD and others who have already given their tickets.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The construction of the Governor Quest House in Tura has progressed and the only thing left to do is to surround the site where the Governor's residence will be built when he visits Garo Hills. .
Prestone said that the government has not banned the use of firewood in the households. The ban is only for the factories that have in the state of Meghalaya.
Asst.Organizing Secretary- Mr Franky Kharumnuid (Class XII) Malki, Asst.Organizing Secretary- Mr Rokes Warjri (Class XII) Mawryngkneng, Asst.Publicity Secretary- Mewat Suchiang, (Class XII) Shangpung, Asst.Socio Mr. Cultur Kharsyiemlieh (B.Com) Nongstoin, Asst.Environment Secretary- Mr Banteilang Wanniang (B.A) Mawkyrwat, Asst.Office Secretary- Mr Hercules Suting (Class X) Mawlasnai, Central Executive  Council Member- Mr Nickson Dohling (Class Central XII) Jaiaw Executive Council Member- Mr Arki Lamare (Class X) Ladrymbai.
“They also said that such officers should be sent to the areas where there are many forests or to Garo Hills to fight against the forests in these areas.
The union strongly condemns the government's intention to hold a public hearing as this project has something to do with uranium.
The Union Minister's visit to the holy place was to see for himself how the Union Government through the Department of Culture and Heritage can provide them with the necessary equipment. assistance for the preservation of this holy place.
“The SK Pukan (Retd) Commission of Inquiry has been appointed to investigate the incident in Mukroh, in which five Khasi and one Forest Guard of Assam were killed in the clash in Mukroh,” said the statement. Thomas Passah is the Working President of KHNAM.
This protest shows that the government cannot provide rule, when thousands of trucks pass every day why not collect taxes from them, the government should remove the problems, not that she would be a trouble maker.
On the other hand, Syiem Khynnah expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister, Symbut Chief Minister and the District Administration for allowing the Hima to complete this ceremony.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Four civil society organizations of West Khasi Hills District, HYC, HANM, WYF and WKSU today raised their flags during the inauguration of Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. MDC election campaign in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, it was said that the Re-appropriation (RA) is not for the salary but for the DCRG. Re-appropriation, not appropriation.
On the other hand, the soldiers have expelled those people who came with invalid certificates.
Shillong, March 30: U Union Minister of State for Aviation, Jyotiraditya Scindia today inaugurated the flight between Shillong and Lilabari and other cities in the North East. in India.
On the other hand, the CEO said that in 2014, the turnout was 68% and he hopes that once the census is completed, it will cover the turnout this year. .
Meghalaya needs to take advantage of various investment schemes of the central government such as ASIDE, EDF-NER, and others to promote trade with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Customs of Shillong on receiving a tip have seized a truck at Shillong By Pass at Thangshailai village. Phensedyle was hidden.
Shillong Lajong scored the third goal in the 98th minute through Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
The Direct Action is that COMSO will implement the ILP until the Central Government implements it.
There were about 100 beneficiaries.
Dr WR Kharlukhi, State President of the National People's Party (NPP), told SP News Agency that the meeting held today in Tura has been postponed and the discussion will continue tomorrow. There are many applicants for tickets and it was reported that there will be two more candidates who will submit their applications today.
Interest for operating costs, diesel / electricity to operate pumps etc., along with other operating expenses and wages when working by family members.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has sent to the state government the request of the government to hold the mid-term MDC elections. explanation.
“When you see that the contract jobs are taken by big companies, you see that the employees are too short especially our people, many of us see only foreigners, when we see that it really affects but understand, some companies have placed our people too but what the companies expect they don't do because they don't have enough when they work hard".
The meeting expressed its regret over the delay of MeECL and urged the MeECL to complete the appointment letter immediately. the distribution of all appointment letters before the merit list expires, which can cause grief and sorrow to many families.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The faithful of the Catholic Church today once again expressed their faith by taking part in a procession held today at Laitumkhrah Parsih, where Believers from all over the country came to participate in the meeting.
He said that the Namo Drone Didi Yojana will boost the confidence of women in rural areas.
He said that this house will also open the door for the youth in many programs to be held in the future.
Speaking to reporters, KSU-SWKHDU President Forwardman Nongrem said, “We have expressed our concern about the uselessness of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force of South West Khasi Hills. The police have arrested not a single drug dealer or drug user in Mawkyrwat.
Larry P Warjri, Founding Adviser MNH&VA, recalled that there are many newspaper vendors who have brought honor not only to the newspaper vendors' association, but to their families and the village where they have been employed. birth and sit and stay now.
Many people from Nongstoin town attended the meeting.
If schools like SSA, ADHOC and Deficit are included in the government aided schools, then it is appropriate to suggest that 93% combined reservation for STs, 2% for SCs and % for the unreserved category should be given according to the offer under the recruitment.
According to the 2017 report, the number of cases in India is 21.40 lakh, with 0.22% of the elderly or 87.58 per 1000 cases. 69.11 per thousand people died from the disease in 2017, while 22,675 mothers needed Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) to prevent the spread of the disease from mother to child.
Furthermore, this book contains 13 articles on various topics that the authors have published after their research.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club after protesting against the proposal to hold a public hearing on the 19th of this month at Brichyrnot, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare Secretary of the Shillong Press Club. The 6-Shnong Wah Lukha Association (6WA) has said that it will appeal to the Supreme Court.
In this regard, the government has ordered to investigate these people and punish them according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Bangladeshis have entered India by boat on the Hari River in West Jaintia Hills District.
The filing of nomination papers for the MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly is only two days away.
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Samla Banshai Marbaniang, while talking to the Rangbah Shnong, immediately went to meet with Bah KN War, Chief Engineer, Distribution Department, MeECL Lumjingshai to inform him about the incident. the village.
Nongkhyllem Jymmang 22: With the aim of learning more about the plants of the students of Martin Luther Christian University from The Wildlife Sanctuary, Umling, Ri Bhoi District, has been visited by the Wildlife Sanctuary.
The debate on this day was very exciting and stirred up the minds of the people and in this debate on this day it was the opposition which won when they debated on this issue. “The railway is a benefit” According to the discussion on this day, the opposition has expressed its well-founded views, which many speakers from this side said that if The opposition said that the railway line in the state has suffered many losses and many kinds of evils have increased.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has strongly condemned the shooting death of two Khasi youths in Umlaper village, Block-II by the Assam police. which is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Meanwhile, other government employees will receive their salaries as they deserve.
Police have also searched for the mother of the perpetrator and after receiving information they have arrested the mother who is in the village and now the mother has been sent for treatment. Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong.
Ed through the Swayam Portal and also how to write assignments and others.
On this occasion, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, in the presence of the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Lamphrang Blah and the Executive Member in charge of Larirti Department Bah Victor Rani together with officers and authorities of Mawphlang Hima on Tuesday visited the area to inspect the preparations for the festival.
Therefore, the KSU, through this letter, requests you to please join hands and take action to open the Mawkyrwat 100 bedded CHC, to allocate the posts as it should be within the CHC. Provide all the necessary equipment inside the CHC and other necessities so that it will not cause problems to the people of the area especially the households.
The President of the Meghalaya Gorkha Parishad, CM Adhikari, said that the rally was held today to support the demand for Gorkhaland in Daejeeling. He died in West Bengal.
Former KSU leaders including Michael N Syiem, Jeff, Paul Lyngdoh and members of the KSU from different districts and units attended the ceremony.
However, as it is now, parents have sent their children to English schools to avoid this change of time, but parents should teach their children to write Khasi at home. He said that there are only two languages ​​in Meghalaya, Khasi and Garo.
However, their works have been done in a way that has deceived the people.
According to a complaint lodged with the police, the rape was committed by a 16-year-old boy.
In the 2003 MLA election, PA Sangma had proposed Robert Kharshiing MP as the Chief Minister if the NCP won the MLA election.
The 16 cases tested positive today are 11 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi District and 2 from West Garo Hills.
Answering a question on the part of the district according to the Land Acquisition Act of the Central Government which was amended in 2013, the Deputy CEM said that there is a rule that if there is no mistake, With the permission of the District Council, no land shall be taken.
“Through this initiative that has brought us all together here, it will help us to work together to share information and also to demonstrate our skills for the improvement of health services.
At the same time, he said that teachers should be kind and gentle.
“In a recent meeting with the Village Leaders in the Union, we informed the Prime Minister about the needs such as medicines and others at the PHC. “I don't have a new building,” said Bah Pyniaid.
These programs will continue during the celebration of Iconic Week until the 29th of July.
The Bench also referred to the letters relating to the two worst affected areas in Khliehriat and near the Tunnel in Sonapyrdi.
This was announced by LD Mashra, Publicity Secretary.
We are celebrating the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav and after 25 years when India will celebrate its 100th Independence Day we will have to enter a new era.
The inability of the JHADC to curb the trade of foreigners within the border of Jaintia Hills has caused a huge financial loss to the JHADC. The JHADC has put the country and the nation in great danger, and if the JHADC does not surprise the people, the time will not be long before we will become like Tripura”.
The CEM of KHADC also introduced the Constitution Rules 2018 at the special session.
Therefore, the party urges the MDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma to build any small buildings or development projects such as schools, roads and others to avoid the border crossing in the country. Government of Assam.
He said with satisfaction that in this launch of 5G and the advancement of technology, rural areas and workers are working together equally.
He said that by opening this eye clinic, it will be able to provide assistance to the people of Mawkyrwat area and also to provide services to the people in the area. the villagers too.
The Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah PS Thangkhiew, praised the spirit and dedication of the team that organized this conference and wished all the delegates to implement what they have done. This conference was held.
According to the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Rajiv Kumar, the elections in Meghalaya will be held on 19th June 2024 in Phase-I. The counting of votes will be held on 4th July
Assam's Shiva Thapa, who has won seven medals at the Asian Championships, reached the semi final in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg. Shashank Pradhan from Delhi.
The KSU said that this gift is not a mistake, the KSU said that the government should look after the people of the state who elected the government should think first of the people of the state. The party is not against giving land to other states if it is anywhere.
Shillong, Lber 17: To force the government to increase the salary of the Fourth Teachers of SSA schools, they today staged a protest by sitting in front of the SSA schools. of the DESEL education department in Laitumkhrah.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari, adding that the state has received about 40 pyrtons of security forces from the Central Government.
When asked whether she knew who threw stones, the MDC said she did not know and a complaint has been registered under Section 107 CrPC to investigate and track down the perpetrators.
The Seng has also suggested to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, that if there are youths who have passed the NEET exams, if they reach the level of eligibility for the All India Quota, such too should be allowed so that more young people from the state will be able to train in the field of medicine.
"This post on Facebook has been screenshotted and spread across various WhatsApp groups.
HANM also alleged that the government has insulted the farmers through the police by blocking the road and imposing fines on the farmers when they come to Shillong to sell their produce. I went to Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 01: U Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) today welcomed Bah Paul Lyngdoh as a new member of the Khasi Author Society (KAS). Love.
The employees of the PWD Road Department in Ri Bhoi District have sent a letter to the Minister of State, Prestone Tynsong, Daskhiatbha Lamare, Minister of State for Housing.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah Genrous Warlarpih, President of the Khasi and Jaintia Butchers Association (KJBA), on Tuesday said that the problems faced by the cow farmers in the state are due to the implementation of the law. The Cattle Prevention Act 2021 has been passed by the state of Assam.
The union expresses its regret and surprise because recently we have seen that there is a clarification in the Assembly that government schools are adequate in the rural areas but what we as the union find is markhongpong where it has not been implemented. There is a government plan to improve schools especially in the rural areas.
India has also strengthened relations with countries such as the United States (electricity trade has increased 13 percent in the past four years) and Russia to ensure oil supplies.
Ms Rynjah said that this is part of the efforts to promote the talents of the youth in the field of music in the state. Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
There are 8 recoveries on Tuesday, 7 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to
The released funds will be used immediately for the COVID-19 Emergency Response T.7774 crore and the remaining funds will be used for 1-4 year support according to the mission mode.
g.
He said that apart from sharing information, the activities of the BOC also include bringing about cooperation in the villages.
Sanjay said tourism is one of the sources of employment and employment opportunities for the youth as a huge industry.
The Deputy Commissioner has invited the Village Authorities of Mylliem, the Syiem of Mullien Hima and the leaders of the Khasi Seng Kmie to find ways and means how to bring peace and to resolve this problem in the village.
The JSU also requests all the paradoh parasnam who have a sympathetic spirit to send their donations to this family as it is a family that is still in need of income and the most sad thing is that until two sons died in the fire.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that the time has come to get the customs and traditions in writing especially in relation to the administration, khaddar and judge.
Replying to a question by Zenith M Sangma on the Ganol Hydro Power Project, the Minister of Power, James K Sangma, said that the price of the power plant is The budget for the project is T.507.71 crore and will be completed in
Speaking on the occasion, Kong S Lyngdoh Vice President of the Long Kmie Seng said that as the Long Kmie Seng and VDPs who work for the welfare of the community, they have never thought of such things. Banisha Syiemiong, a resident of the village, who is not a resident of the village, has been involved in a tragic incident. If you are a resident of Nongsder, you should know the names of the residents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Bah Kit Nongphlang, one of the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Organization (HMYWO), on Tuesday said that the HMYWO does not have anything to say who owns the land but what they want to know is the truth about this place.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehemayah Tyngkan, who recently resigned from his post as Branch Manager of Birla Sunlife Insurance Jowai Branch, said that his main goal is to become a leader. If he wins, he will improve the roads and paths in the constituency because as it is now many roads in the constituency have been destroyed without any supervision.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has recommended the amendment of the State Reservation Policy to distribute equally to the three ethnic groups – Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Although Shillong Lajong lost in the match, it can be said that the fans were eager to witness the spirit of Lajong especially the rangkynsai of the state who played their own game. The talent in this fight has impressed the spectators.
These are some of the topics in the speech of the Governor, besides these are many other projects that the Government will implement in the state which the Governor of the State will speak in the House tomorrow. first.
So far, the government has sent 1254 tests out of which 1182 have been negative and the reports of 60 tests have been released.
Tura, Jymmang 11: Three persons arrested by the police from Chandmari cemetery in Tura on suspicion of being demon worshipers have been released on bail today.
At this meeting, they will discuss the MP election, MDC election to be held next year, at the same time they will also discuss the MLA election which has already been held. ei they have to fix it.
Speaking to the media, Jyoti Priya expressed her happiness and thanks to her parents, teachers and all those who have supported her.
Earlier, one of the villagers who took the responsibility to hold this Shad, Kong Mira Dkhar, gave a speech of congratulations and encouragement.
One of them is a doctor from Bethany Hospital Shillong, three employees, one from RP Hospital and one from NEIGRIHMS.
Answering supplementary questions, the Chief Minister said in the House that on 22/ June 2019 the Meghalaya government has sent to the Central Government to allocate its own IAS quota and the government is in process. followed this so far.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Michael, one of the leaders of the protest, said that the Information Act does not have that power. to punish the person or persons accused if found through the information search.
He said that the lack of a venue for the matriculation examination is due to the lack of a bank and a police station.
The schemes inaugurated by the MLA were the High Tension of MePDCL at Iewdak Laban at a cost of T.1,47,000/-, the Top Um at Iewdak at a cost of T.3,48,000/-; footpath at ABP Road in Laban at a cost of T.2,00,000/-, footpath at Assam Club at a cost of T.2,00,000/- and parking at Iew at a cost of T.5,50,000/-.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: To connect South Garo Hills District with Shillong city via Ranikor, the Central Government has already allocated funds for the construction of 18 miles of road from Baghmara to Ranikor. of South West Khasi Hills District.
“We have urged the Director to follow the office memorandum and we have also made it clear that STs from outside the state should not be appointed but STs from Meghalaya,” he said. said.
Therefore, the Assam government does not want to leave it alone without providing special protection to this famous place.
On the 9th of this month, the Hima Mylliem has summoned the Rangbah Shnong and the Seng Samla.
“I hope that under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the youth of the 21st century will lay a strong foundation for Swarnim Bharat,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, on Tuesday said that as of now, their demand has gone ahead and even those teachers who have not yet completed their Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
The celebration was witnessed by the crowd at the Polo Ground today.
Institutions recognized as universities under the “distinct category” may apply for permission to teach elsewhere after five years of recognition if they are below A grade or if they are in rank 100 in the NIRF list of universities. The rules look at the quality of services.
The most famous attraction of Thenzawl is the Thenzawl Golf Course and Resort.
This order came from the elections as issued from time to time and this is to ensure that they should be in order. What happened was after the end of the meetings the flags and signs that it is not related to the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today welcomed the Chairman of the National Cricket Association (NCA) Dilip Vengsarkar who visited the North East on his first day. we are from India and especially from Shillong.
Shillong, July 04: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs (DoNER), Youth Affairs and Sports and others on Tuesday directed that all those who have retired from the Ministry of Home Affairs (DONER) should be sent to AADHAAR is not required to register with banks for their pension, monks who pay pension have to do this to make it easier to send their money .
There is already a way to get a position in the First Schedule but we are still fighting for the future of our children in the Sixth Schedule.
All these players have played for different clubs and this will give hope that the club will do well in the new I-League which will start soon.
Referring to the allocation of funds, he said that the government has to do because there are other expenses that the government has to spend, but he made it clear that the ban will be exactly that the government will not. any new scheme may be announced.
The Director said that Slinsibon Sawian, 60, of Lawmai, Shillong has died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to In the state, the prevalence of the disease is 0.90% and there are 62 containment areas.
Equator L Nongrang of the UDP has won the MDC by election with 9696 votes while the Congress candidate Lambok Nongrang of the INC has won 9626 votes. Councilor Singh Wahlang of the BJP received 6601 votes and Alexander Kharsyntiew of the HSPDP received 879 votes.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Two persons were injured in a road accident at Shillong Market in Laitumkreh at 1.30 pm this morning. you've been paid.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary has sent a letter to Assam and the two Chief Ministers will soon meet to discuss border issues.
: One of the accused, who was a child under the age of 18 at the time of the alleged rape of a young woman after the video was circulated on WhatsApp, has filed a counterclaim The incident occurred at Rynjah Police Station.
KHADC, JACSO, South West Khasi Hills District and other civil society organizations have written to the Ministry of Roads and Transports, Government of India to clarify the purpose of this road and also on the Notification. which made it clear that the purpose is to improve the mining of uranium.
The celebration also includes a variety of activities for the children and youth of the Warjri clan throughout the year including Football, Basketball, Painting, Essay, Poetry, Dancing, Music and in the step of The day of the meeting was held at Marathon.
The Seng will continue to announce the invaluable contributions of this young man for the cause of the Jaidbynriew.
In Meghalaya, 481 settlements have been connected out of 602 settlements sanctioned for connectivity under the PMGSY. MDoNER supports the efforts of the State Government.
Today’s win moves Sawmer up to sixth place but Nangkiew Irat (also 3 points) still have two games to go, so they can still be overtaken.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah B. Syiemlieh Chief Organizer of the four circles of HANM (SP News).
The injured said they left the hospital for Guwahati.
Many parents of students have lost hope and regret that they will not be able to study at this Government College. The Students Union has met with the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Bah DP Wahlang, the Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) and the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the Government of Meghalaya. .
All this is due to the fact that the education department of the state government has not been able to inform in time.
The new IG, BSF, who passed the IPS in 1989 and is from Jammu and Kashmir, has received the President's Police award. Medal for Meritorious Service" (PPM) and  “Indian Police Medal" (IPM).
New Delhi, November 06: The Medical Counseling Committee (MCC) under the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) has not yet announced the schedule for the counseling of NEET UG and PG for
On the other hand, the party will follow up and if the government cannot fulfill its duty;  The Seng has made it clear that if these students of this school cannot get adequate education how can the government think for them? There are ways and means for these students to receive proper training before they prepare themselves to write their examinations.
If the government does not implement this demand within the stipulated date, the people will hold a march on 6/9/2021 to force the government to implement this demand.
On receiving a tip, the Ri Bhoi Police rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation and found that there was no incident except for the damage to the auto truck. .
When SP News Agency tried to contact the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, he could not be reached for comment.
The Government has appointed a High Level Committee to look into the matter headed by Bah BM Lanong, Deputy Chief Minister at the time, along with Government Ministers and civil society.
Regarding the insurgent activities in the area, he said that many of the insurgents have come to surrender and the remaining are only a few. There is no growth in this area, which has been suffering for many years from the insurgency.
“The mining of uranium is not for economic development but for displacement of people and the benefit will be only to UCIL and not to the people of South West Khasi Hills District,” said Arbor.
“We urge you to take action against the writing of the examination for Group B & C at NEIGRIHMS where we have received information that the applicants from outside the state have had to write the examination outside Meghalaya. “KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said in a petition sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Theilin Phanbuh, President of the Women's Association, Dr MPR Lyngdoh, President of the Jaiaw Langsning Youth Association, Rishan Rapsang, along with the residents of the village.
If we look at this we can improve our income.
We invite all the Parasnam and Samla to join hands with the Seng on the issues for the Jaitbynriew that the Seng needs to go through.
“I am surprised by this false news and I clarify that the amount allocated for the project through the 13th Finance Commission is T. “We have already made it clear from the beginning that all the money will be paid only when we are satisfied with all the work they have done,” said Bah Syiem. Anderson Structural Consultant said that the prices for any part of the project will be exactly in accordance with the Meghalaya PWD (Building) Rate Schedule 2010-1
Before announcing the issues related to the spread of drugs in the state, the HYC also honored Kong I.Nongrang at a meeting at her office at the Police Headquarters, Shillong.
The Prime Minister of the country is the head of the trust and its members include the Ministers of Defence, Home Affairs and Finance of the Union Government.
Partnership with educational institutions and employment: The NEP recognizes the role of educational institutions and employment partnerships in bringing about comprehensive education and preparing young people for employment. they work.
The discussion was on the scheme announced by the Prime Minister of India to provide T.6000 tyngka per annum. There are about 700,000 farmers in the state.
According to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS 2016-17), 47% of the population in Meghalaya uses tobacco compared to 28.4% in the country.
Diengdoh said that in Meghalaya there are now three monuments in the name of these workers, one at Musiang Market in Jowai, one in Tura and one in Motphran and one in These monuments are written with the names of the people who died in the First World War known as WW-I. The signature will be sent to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to include this Parom in the textbooks as this is a great event for the people of this state.
The CEM of KHADC has expressed his satisfaction that the Executive Committee (EC) and the Council as a whole have approved the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bill and now it is long.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills District on Tuesday night issued a public notice to warn that there is a possibility of cyclone in the part of the state which falls under the jurisdiction of the district. contact the metrological department.
On the other hand, the Minister of Power said that they will soon be able to resolve this issue with the Central Government and the Minister of Power has promised to take action to look into this. the problem.
Lyngdoh said that the government should continue to provide financial assistance to the employees until the plan is implemented. to delete.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that 25 new ambulances have been sent through the National Health Rural Mission (NHRM). Shillong now to use.
Two Indians were also arrested by the BSF, who were carrying the Bangladeshis in a vehicle they were driving. He entered India with the intention of going to Kashmir.
The Laban Puja Committee has approved the suggestion of the Seng not to build more Pandals on the roads and has also promised to increase the number of volunteers so that the roads will not be crowded. ka synkein and to ensure that the religious services go smoothly without disturbing anyone.
Once they were leaders, now they have become auctioneers of the country and the nation.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya government has to look into all aspects to bring about economic development and finally to maintain peace and stability in the state, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. after the meeting of government officials.
Williamnagar, Naiwieng 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills has announced that all contractors who employ foreign workers must register their workers by obtaining a license from the Labor Commissioner's office in Shillong. , if they don’t they will be punished according to the law.
“In other areas, the State Government in collaboration with the Khasi Author Society (KAS) has provided the necessary assistance.
He said that the allegation of the MDC is not true in fact as the MDC should have written to the government to implement the scheme but he did not write he just alleged, the people understand that, he said. u MLA.Shillong, Jymmang 16: This is the first time in 2024 that heavy rain has fallen in Shillong which lasted for three hours. he lasted until 4.30 pm.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, U Director General of Police Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Dy.CEM Pynshngaiñ N. Syiem and Executive Members of KHADC. of the Hima Khyrim, Syiem Khynnah slaughtered the Blang brought from various Raids of the Hima Khyrim which were brought to the Sad House in Smit.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sanbor Shulai said that there has been a rumor in the newspapers regarding the issuance of trading license in Laban that it is Bah Shulai who has blocked the way. who went to apply for trading license on that day and their visit did not work.
Speaking to reporters, Pathaw said that the PWD has given permission to the KHADC to build the road to the KHADC land at Kalong Bridge and talks with the Urban Development Department are ongoing. Marten because the road has to pass through this place.
“Remember that if CAB comes tomorrow, it will be a problem for all of us. Amit Shah has come back to Guwahati 10 months ago and reminded the people of Assam to remember the CAB. “It will come and they will bring the CAB and if we sit in the government remember that the CAB has already come,” he said.
To this day, the foundation stones of this place are still there and this place which has been registered by the Ministry of Tourism as not owned as seen in the pictures is known as the head of Riatiapmem.
The arrest of these traffickers is a message to the smugglers that they should understand that the state police will not allow the smugglers to use the state as a smuggling centre.
According to the order, the Deputy Commissioner has directed the District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District and all the Principals/Registrars and management of schools to implement this order immediately.
However, the FKJGP has not listened to this request and has decided to continue with the call for a night curfew.
The HNLC also urged the Government to refrain from misusing Bah Jyrwa despite his resignation but to put forward the peace talks.
Two Khasi who scored first and second in the Khasi-Jaintia category should have been included in the Open Category at 6th and 7th positions but were included in the Khasi-Jaintia Category.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, today announced that he has tested positive for COVID-19 on his Twitter account and urged all those who have contacted him in the past three days to stay safe. to look after their health, said the Chief Minister.
The CORP today raided many places and found that these companies are working without proper documents in Lumsohpet Bneng and Umroi. they went to places where they came up to 50 people.
KHNAM urges MeECL to expedite this process which has been pending for many years, so that those who have passed the examination can get their rights, and we hope that the CMD of MeECL will fight over this.
He said the ILP is only the demand of some of the political parties.
Everyone is advised to arrive at the venue at 6 pm.
He appointed two General Secretaries, four Secretaries and three National Coordinators.
We recognize the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah, the Rangbah Shnong, the Rangbah Dong Rynjah that the Dorbar Shnong has empowered them,” said the CEM. The KHADC will confirm that it will not accept only the syrnot issued by the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
The routes for those 18 years and above will be from Parking Lot, Polo Bazar – Lad Jaiaw – Jaiaw Jingthangbriew – Jaiaw Pdeng – Lad Jaiaw Lansonalane – Jaiaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Raj Bhavan – Barik – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Shillong Commerce College – PGT College – B.K.Bajoria School – 4th Furlong – Polo Bazar – Parking Lot, Polo.
MEPA strongly condemns the behavior of the Minister especially his insults and remarks against journalist EM Jose.
This is a huge loss for the students especially those who are preparing for the matric examination.
The arrested Bangladeshis have been handed over to the Dangar Police Station for further investigation. It may be recalled that the police have arrested the Bangladeshis from Rilbong. Umsherpi, who came to India from the same place in Dangar.
Other speakers at the meeting were RM Shabong, NPP President E Khongsti Adhock, MLA James K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister Yumnan JK Singh.
These civil society organizations have taken note of what the central government has announced through the media.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today announced in the Legislative Assembly that in the fiscal year 2016-17, the government will create two new blocks in Khasi Hills. Hill and two in Garo Hills but so far no letter has been sent by the government to the blocks to be divided.
(S P news).
On the other hand, the President of MAWU, Kong Mira June Myrsing, announced that from today Tuesday, the ASHAs will take a break from their work and are waiting for the decision to be taken on the 6th of November. A meeting between the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on the demands of the ASHAs. They visited Mawlynnong, one of the cleanest villages in Asia.
The Church on this occasion, honored the three Sad Priests who took part in the Holy Mass and on its part the Editorial Board of the Christian House (EBIK) honored the Bah Apol Mawñiuh has been awarded the 'Ka Ïing Christian Literary Award' for the year be the most popular article of
The tournament will last for three days and today is the opening day of the tournament and will end on Tuesday. The tournament was held at the Jawahalal Nehru Stadium Complex Polo Shillong.
The team will arrive in India on the 27th of this month.
Penalties: This draft Bill introduces penalties such as advisory, prohibition, censure, or financial penalties for employers or broadcasters.
Shillong has received T.800/- to T.1000/- crore for development projects while Tura has received only T.50/- crore. Assembly, NEIAH, IHM, NIFT and Shillong Technology Parks are just a few of the many development projects.
Speaking to reporters, he said that according to a letter written by the Under Secretary of the General Administration Department (B), the state government has made it clear that Mawlai falls under the Mawlai Community. and Rural development   Block.
At the same time, this is the time to work for the development of sports in rural areas so that we can continue to have more young sports talents who can represent the country in the next year.
The three-colored Lama is a symbol of pride in our country.
The scheme is for the government to sell 9WT light bulbs at a low price.
On this occasion, the ANVC (B) is pleased to see that members of the party like Nawang, Norok, Ajaju and Memang have returned to their group. Their mission is to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the social peace agreement with the government.
The Prime Minister paid tribute to the heroes and those who sacrificed their lives for the sake of freedom.
Since the announcement of the Jal Jeevan Mission on 15th July, 2019, till now, 4 crore households have received water tanks and through this the water supply through water tanks has been increased from 3.23 crore (17%) to 7.20 crore (37.6%) households in rural areas of the country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rev HH Mohrmen said that SURE has been conducting such programs every year for these children.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Bah John said that the Federation of Khasi States has already sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India on 4th August The Draft National Record of Citizens (NRC) in Assam has been conducted on the orders of the Supreme Court of India. They urged the Government of India through the petition to implement the same principles of the Assam Accord in Meghalaya as Meghalaya is part of Assam.
If you have any incident, please call 2225289 and call the police station
Shillong, Lber 24: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai today addressed the 187th Raising Day of the Assam Rifles in Shillong as the chief guest.
After the inspection, they went back to meet with Bah M.Pyrbot Executive Engineer PWD Nongpoh Division and also submitted a petition regarding the action on the bridge.
During the meeting, CrPF chief Zulfiqar Hasanu explained the situation in Jammu and Kashmir after the lifting of Article
While other states like Jharkhand have benefited from the availability of mineral resources in their territory, Meghalaya depends on expensive mineral resources but has not been able to benefit at all.
He said that there will also be Grand Masters from abroad, from the North Eastern States, from the states of India and from outside India. USA, Vietnam, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Zambia, Thailand and others.
“The Supply Branch has had to distribute the LPG cylinders to the people who have booked the cylinders since the last two months,” he said.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah M Ryngksai, said that today, a person who did not identify himself as sent by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, came to talk to him. He said that the scheme will not be opposed but he wants clarification regarding the Panchayat, on the scheme, why the SSA employees have been employed. The explanation should go to the Deputy Commissioners. The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, East and West Jaintia Hills, has sent a message to the Sub Divisional Officer and Rangbah Shnong, not only to himself, but also to the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki. explanation on your part.
The government has now introduced new job opportunities so that even those who have not passed matriculation can apply for jobs according to their skills.
Now the town wanted to revive it.
There are 2342 recoveries so far, 78 cases today, 37 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 24 cases in West Garo Hills. Jaintia Hills 4, South Garo Hills
There was a discussion on opening up cooperation between educational institutions and industry and dialogue between them by introducing technology, the use of research and innovation according to the needs of these fields.
Muivah said the NEC is like a child because no one speaks for it but the NEC is an office established according to the Constitution of the country and the government. The Central Government has allocated funds for the implementation of development projects in the North East.
Under the G.S.Circle: Domphlang, Kperblang, Nongbah, Mawshohshrieh and Belahari.
In North Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills 17, West Jaintia Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
At the appointment of the new pastorate, the CE Society Mawlyngkhung, as well as the second service, was led by Tbn RM Pamshong and the two CEs. Societies include CES Thad and CES Banbudai.
The Sports Cell urges the Khasi children not to lose hope even if they are treated badly by the state government.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by George B Lyngdoh on the issue of the filing of a complaint against Vicky Dey under Rule The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government has written to other states to search for him.
After a 17-year struggle with various diseases, God took away Sankhmer Syiemlieh.
He advised the officers to open up the information to the public as this is their right, and also to provide adequate information to the public.
Shillong, November 20: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has enforced 144 CrPC in the forests, forests and forests to curb the destruction of forests, rivers and forests. dewshrah for the preservation of the environment.
Eating and drinking healthy foods strengthens the immune system while those who do not eat healthy foods are weaker and more susceptible to TB. Under the National TB Elimination Program (NTEP), patients receive free treatment and medicines.
Shillong, July 31: Tribal Painting Camp was organized by Dr. Ram Dayal Munda Tribal Welfare Research Institute (TRI). , Government of Jharkhand at Patratu village which is about 28 km from Ranchi.
Shillong, June 23: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today issued a notice on the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs. except for Shillong and its surroundings and those in Mylliem Block of East Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said that his meeting with the Central Government on the NGT coal mining in the state was on the basis of the resolution passed by the House on 24th November
“The public is urged to be vigilant and report any damage to the stadium which was built for the benefit of the community.
The government did not back down from what it set out to do.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Conrad K Sangma MP from 2-Tura Parliamentary (ST) Constituency said, “I have heard that a case has been filed against me in the Meghalaya High Court. , but since I haven't received any summons, I can't say anything. I can only speak when I have received the summons. SP News Agency has tried to get in touch with Dikkanchi D Shira regarding the petition but she could not get in touch with the Congress MP candidate. election mid-term last year.
Meghalaya has appointed its own Inquiry Commission and has conducted its own investigation headed by Justice T.Vaiphei.
These 575 people have not yet returned to their homes. They are still in Malongkona and as the MLA of this area he has to feed them with the contribution of the people of this village. The District Administration has provided food only for one day and has not sent any more food for them.
Referring to the Kur Dorbar Hall, he said that this is the first Kur Dorbar Hall in the Hima Nongstoin.
In Shillong, in the morning, they will hold a special prayer at their place of worship at Upper Lumparing and in the evening, they will hold a march by throwing monbati and They shall start from Jahlupara and end at the place where they shall hold the prayer.
Speaking on the healthy diet, she urged all the students to maintain a balanced diet and ensure that they eat about 5 types of food a day including carbohydrates, proteins, shanadai. , dairy products, vegetables.
However, according to the inspection of the Seng, many of the houses have been destroyed and left empty.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem said that the area falls under the raid, there are cases where the raid dorbar takes a decision and there are cases where only the dorbar shnong takes a decision.
In his speech, Dr. Kharlukhi also spoke about the dedication of Tirot Sing Syiem for the safety of future generations and invited the people who attended this event. day to remember the fighting spirit of Tirot Sing Syiem in their daily lives.
Mootyrshiah, Kyrwen and others where through this scheme the villages have transformed and received many benefits such as footpaths, village roads, drinking water supply, water wells and others.
After the speech of the Prime Minister at the 2nd Farmers Parliament in Tura and also on the Republic Day that 2020 will be the Year of Farmers, the farmers expressed their feeling happy with the expectation of receiving assistance especially at this time when farmers are facing difficulties.
The Indian Presidency's approach to combine reforms in tax-related policies with a focus on workforce development throughout 2023 has resulted in work to increase earnings from for developing countries.
At that time, there was a discussion in which the management said that they should have worked for 15 years but the employees demanded that they should have worked for 10 years. MeECL employees want to come to the middle to resolve this issue.
On this occasion, medicines were also distributed to the people of Ranikor.
He said that if the people agree, they will not be able to take over the land without the approval of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid or Dorbar Hima.
However, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkduk was not arrested as he was not involved in the incident.
Prevention alone cannot help but there is a need for the cooperation of all parties whether it is from the government and the people as well.
The JMB has 24 villages in Jowai, out of these four villages are against the incorporation of the municipal in their village and this has been a problem for the municipal to implement the works. loud.
The first part of the Prime Minister's speech began on 3rd March 2014 (Thursday) at a special meeting of Vijayadashami on All India Radio (AIR).
Regarding the bolero, the youths who were allegedly abducted by the police did not know anything and had nothing to do with the abduction of the bolero because the police also saw that they did not use the bolero but They use a Maruti Car and a Maruti Zen which they use to load coal and to follow the vehicles carrying coal.
The damage was more severe in Garo Hills than in the Khasi Hills.
Regarding the theft of military land, an FIR has been lodged and a case has been registered against the seller and the buyer. the office of the Defense Estates Officers and Chief Executive Officers to clearly mark the locations of the troops.
Projects of the Ministry of Railways are underway in the North East.
The Meghalaya Football Team has reached the final as a tribute to the state and especially to the Khasi community. The KSU has welcomed them with a march from Byrnihat.
Prof. (Dr.) DM Thappa inaugurated the competition on 10th November 2018 at the Auditorium of the university.
The Symbud Kongsan, added that as a nation, the Khasi youth, although far away from home and living in a place where they can no longer see the faces of their relatives or parents, should not forget their culture and traditions. the dyngkhong that came.
It is learned that the JHADC has already issued the NOC to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council, but after the opposition of the people, the JHADC has withdrawn the NOC. The meeting was attended by the KSU led by its president Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, the HNYF, the FKJGP and the elders of the area. sun.
The president of KHNAM said that the leaders should take this issue to the State Legislative Assembly.
The next 10 years are crucial for India’s future.
On Tuesday, police of Ri Bhoi District, Byrnihat, seized heroin worth T.45 lakh and arrested one of the drug traffickers. I am from the state of Meghalaya.
Thousands of children from the Himas and Elaka of Hynniewtrep came to take part.
Mairang, Jymmang 18: Two employees of PHC, Nongthliew have tested positive for COVID-19 and therefore, the public who visited the PHC on the 10th 2021 and thereafter to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
The project was inaugurated by the Secretary of the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Ministry of Communication and Information Technology of the Union Government.
Shillong, July 18: The State Bank of India (STB) in a statement today congratulated the Meghalaya Police and the government for rescuing Arvind Kumar. Branch Manager of SBI in Ampati arrested by robbers.
The prize money for the first prize will be T.7000/-, the second T.4000/- and the third prize T.2000/-.
The number of farmers eligible for benefits in these States and UTs who have received the first payment as of 8.4.2020 are 27,09,586 beneficiaries from Assam, 98,915 beneficiaries from Meghalaya. and 10,01,668 are beneficiaries in J&K, including Ladakh.
In his speech, Bah J. Gashnga, Joint Director, Department of Commerce and Industries, explained the trade and received an explanation from Bah Winfred Warshong, Deputy Director (T), Directorate of Commerce and Industries.
Bah Allan West Member Secretary of the KHCF said that the festival will not showcase the traditional customs of the Khasi from the dress code, dance, shet ka tiew and others.
VPP Mawkynrew Constituency Member Bah Khrawpyrkhat Mynsong, in an interview with Batesi TV, said, “This is my request to all the Khasi MLAs. tears, don't force yourself to see the flow of blood.
They said that they will continue their protest until tomorrow morning and if the government does not do anything on their demand they will start an indefinite strike.
She applauded all those involved in the ODOP industry who have been recognized through the ODOP awards, and pointed to the large role of guiding entrepreneurs in communications activities that bring news that related to the achievements of farmers from the most remote areas.
: It means that you are able to work as you intend and accept the job without skills.
As soon as we learned of that, they were stopped in front of the DC's office by the Magistrates and Police,” he said.
The KSU has protested on the grounds that the BSF troops are illegally staying in Sonapur and also harassing the Khasi-Pnars living in Narpuh area by searching their vehicles and throwing lathi bombs. to the people.
This tragic incident happened in Sohriewblei village where the house of Kong Ieida Masharing was destroyed by a fire. help to this house.
“When there are any incidents and riots in the villages and various incidents especially when drug traffickers and drug users are arrested, if we inform the police, the distance of only 50 meters will take half an hour to 10 hours. hours to get a response.
Other members of the House who took part in the welcome speech were Martin M Danggo, Prestone Tynsong, Lakmen Rymbui, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, PT Sawkmie, Lambor Malniang, George B Lyngdoh, Dr AL Hek, Zenith M Sangma, Renikton Lyngdoh Khongkhar, Tinmorthy Shira, Metbah Lyngdoh, Winnerson D Sangma, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Charles Pyngrope, Thomas A Sangma, Meralborn Syiem, Hamlet Dohling, James K Sangma, SK Sunn, Saleng Sangma, Dasakhiat Lamre, S Sohtun, Jason S Mawlong and Agatha Sangma.
She spoke about the steps taken in customs to open up trade with other countries and said that the time to clear imported goods has been reduced by 47%. 71 hours at Inland Container Depots, 28% to 44 hours at Air Cargo Complexes and 27% to 85 hours at ports in the four years since
Mylliempdah said that all the government departments once sent by the DSC have been appointed but it is only the DHS which has acted rudely to reject the youths who have been appointed to this government office. He said that according to the RTI, there are 49 vacancies and when the DSC sent the names of the students who passed, the office refused.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills in a statement expresses its deep sorrow over this incident and warns all the students and students of various schools and colleges in the district not to be disrespectful. by drinking or smoking, or drinking any intoxicating liquor on or near their school grounds.
There are 10 (10) Blood Centers and 13 (13) Blood Storage Centers in the State. The Blood Center has an apheresis unit.
Four houses have been damaged in Lyngshing village in Mawkynrew Block. The houses of Jamin Surong, Judia Nongrum, Kastina Nongrum and Kyrkhu have been damaged. Longshiang and Hame Bina and Kong Hame were injured in the earthquake.
Recently 3 judo wrestlers from the state got police jobs.
The decision taken by the Cabinet today is to expedite the conduct of the examinations and the announcement of the results.
Fr George, farmers from the Lum Rapleng Mushroom Farmers' Association, farmers from neighboring villages and areas, elders, parents and others.
This is what happens if the MMDC implements whereby the land owners become Syiems and receive their salaries in a transparent manner.
The meeting was a success although the Vice Chancellor did not show the letter of resignation to Prasad.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU said that it is sad to see that the students in this age don't know their own language. It is the responsibility of the Ministry of Education of the State.
Nongrum also thanked the Police Department for arriving at the scene at the right time so that they can stop the incident before it happens. The police should not only arrest but also enforce the laws.
However, the Forest Department in the past few years has faced many difficulties in relation to all the permits from the Central Government, but as it is now, the State Zoo has started to lose its name. .
The counting for the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has been conducted according to the numbers of constituencies and when it reached 17-Shillong North, the Commissioner and Secretary of the House of Representatives called out the name of the MLA. Shillong North: Bah Adelbert Nongrum has been found dead inside the house.
In this conversation with Pro.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: A vehicle number ML0-01-6915 has been seized by the Damalgre Police Station in Shillong. Pyrsi is located in the district of South West Garo Hills.
Nongsiej is an MDC from Nongstoin MDC Constituency. He has won twice as an MDC from Nongstoin MDC Constituency on the ticket of the HSPDP. the Executive Committee.
More than 400 people have received treatment from the BSF. The purpose of this medical distribution is to help the people on the border with Bangladesh to get medical treatment. you are healthy.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The four-day Behdein Khlam festival has started today in Jaintia Hills and Shillong.
On the occasion, Bah John Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the MSOA, in the presence of the Chief Guest, said that the youth of Meghalaya are the leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA). He said that the goal of the State Government and the MSOA to hold the Meghalaya National Games 2022 will open up opportunities for the youth in many fields. the places of play are suitable in many ways.
Police also seized ID cards, checks worth T.18000/- thousand tyngka, ATMs from the arrested person. they always caught this medicine.
Shillong, Lber 14: Answering a question by Mohendro Rapsang, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that there have been nine bomb blasts in the state so far. their of positions.
There are 34 villages selected to receive this financial assistance from the government in Shillong with a total amount of T.1.50 crore. to T.5.40 lakh.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Passport Seva Kendra Shillong has not had an officer for two years. The lack of an officer has delayed the approval of those who apply for passports. to the approval.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah David A Nongrum MLA of 13-Mawryngkneng Constituency.
For more information, please call the Police Control Room at 0364-2222277 and the OC of Rynjah at
Under the leadership of Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum Principal of the College in the presence of teachers and students of the College, they congratulated Deiphi Lyngdh Mawnai who is studying Class XII at the College.
The FKS hopes and believes that the scientists of the world will be successful in their search for a cure to eradicate this infectious disease.
However, we do not have effective antivirals.
He hoped that with the amendments to the Sixth Schedule, they would once again bring about comprehensive protection on many aspects of the identity of the minority.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, today said that after a thorough discussion on the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 Shillong: The city of Shillong and the state as a whole have decided to impose a five-day curfew in East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the certificate they will receive from the Ministry will be a means of getting employment and also to get assistance to stand on their own feet for the sake of the employment agency.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said that the reason for choosing to hold the first kur dorbar in Mawblang is because the Pyngrope kur started from this village.
Shillong, November 15: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited today promised to the KSU and the Village Leaders of Photeitsim Village to provide solar lights before sanctioning the electricity supply for the people of Photeitsim Village. village.
Referring to the expansion of the government college to accommodate more students, the Minister said that the work on the building to increase the number of rooms is underway under the RUSA scheme. The government will set up a Community College in Jiantia Hills to make it easier for the people to attend classes.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of officers to follow up on the return of students from Manipur. are in the state to help students return.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 05:The Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, Roshan Warjri has strongly condemned the killing of four policemen by suspected GNLA militants. shoot them.
At the same time, the AMCSA requests the Minister that on 21st October 2016, according to letter No.LC/BCWWC-25/2011/Pt-1/1828-1837, the Commissioner at that time IAS Smt.
The DC took action after the KSU Jaintia Hills demanded that the church should be demolished.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit has urged the state government to expedite the construction of the NH 6 for the safety of the people.
The Secretary of Urkaliar Village, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, said that the incident occurred due to a clash between the two groups.
He said that to prevent the arrival of foreigners is through the work they do. He said that good deeds start from home.
At the same time, AHAM urges those involved to apologize to this tourist. At the same time, AHAM urges that the Garo people should not be defamed. At the same time, the union urges the tourist to lodge a complaint and to remove the parts that affect the Garo people.
There is currently a scheme known as the National Hydrology Project funded by the Central Government in which the State Government has to implement the construction of dams and these will be research sites. the availability of groundwater.
The HPF has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District should increase the price of petrol to the usual price and not to the price set in June.
NESO leaders led by Bah Samuel B Jyrwa as Chairman met with CC Tyagi General Secretary of Janata Dal United at his office in Delhi. He promised that the party is against the CAB and supported the opposition of NESO from the North East.
The BSF on the border with Bangladesh has arrested 106 smugglers of smuggled cattle in the past three months alone and the total number of cattle seized has reached
At each Polling Station, we will plant trees and those who will plant the trees will be the male and female voters who arrive first to vote at the Polling Stations,” he added.
The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India protects the customs and traditions, land, trade, assemblies and special rights of our indigenous people.
She also spoke about the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), which provides support to people through Self Help Groups (SHGs).
According to the order, no one will be allowed to enter the Containment Zone except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of the village. residents should stay at home.
Answering additional questions, Bah Paul said that the Building Act of the State Government is in force throughout the State. It belongs to the State Government and the District Councils shall be the implementers.
Bah MH Dkhar said that the state government's lack of action to create urgent solutions to the problems faced by the students of Jaintia Hills at Kiang Nangbah Govt College, is due to the its concern for Jaintia Hills and also for the future of its students.
U Bah Aijingsuk Marbaniang They ask for vehicle numbers and so on, I went to work with them how hard the police work but the respect is not anything they take advantage of and they just file from Sardar to District Jail and Magistrate .
She said that the purpose of this program is to get the cooperation of the community in providing information to the community so that the children who are affected by this disease can get a life as a free. im lang other children.
On the other hand, the government has sought all the means to curb this crime which has affected the society.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said that 809 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 8256 people are still in critical condition in the state.
The Executive Committee of KHADC has held a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall with the landowners and traders to discuss how to lift the ban on coal mining and other minerals. Shillong, November 05: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Dr CP Joshi on Tuesday said that the BJP will continue to work for the country. The government in Meghalaya cannot be overthrown as it has done in Arunachal Pradesh.
This was also the year that India reached the moon and became the first to reach the southern hemisphere of the moon.
Under the National Edible Oil Mission, T.234 crore has been allocated in the North East alone to focus on palm oil.
In the same House he was also elected as Chairman of JHADC on 23rd July
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Standing Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE), a group of central government companies known as public sector enterprises, held a meeting in Shillong.
