In Demseiñiong, the flooding of the Umshyrpi River has flooded the road which has caused traffic jam.
According to the announcement through the office of the DSEO, 276 candidates have applied for the post of Arts Teacher. The interview will start on 5th July and end on 21st July
The State Government's initiative to implement the road by improving it means that the road will be widened and also to reduce the traffic jam during the day.
Today, the team visited two places where the Viksit Bharat program was held in East Khasi Hills District including Mawmihthied and Swer.
A total of 9385 Congress voters have cast their ballots for the election, of which Kharge received 7897 votes and Shashi received 1072 votes. There were 416 votes cast.
“We cannot accept that there are only 1264 foreigners trading in Jaintia Hills.
When the battle began, it was Mawpator who shot first and his bullets went from the right shoulder of Mawryngkhang.
Tura MP PA Sangma and NCP MLA James K Sangma strongly condemned the attack and said the time has come for the people to stand up and fight against the insurgents.
On the same day, KSU Mawprem Circle led by its President Aristone Thabah has raided workplaces in many parts of Mawprem area.
The Assam Government has also started the construction of the PMGSY road from Amring through Narling to Umshaleni. All these areas fall under Ri Bhoi District.
Now this village has more than 30 and nearly 200 residents but we are sad that until now it is one of the villages that has been treated the worst whether by the Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency MM Dango or by the Government.
After the appointment of Bah Ras Thabha as Acting Lyngdoh by the KHADC, the villagers have been able to obtain the documents related to the raid dating back to 1854 to prove that the Riad Nongwah Mawtamur is under the jurisdiction of the Riad Nongwah Mawtamur. of the Hima Sohiong, it is incomprehensible how the Lyngdoh of Sohiong went to hand over this raid to the Hima Jirang in 2015, they did not want to go to Jirang but to stay within the Hima Sohiong. .
In a statement, the BSF said that the Baghmara area in South Garo Hills is an area where many Bangladeshis are trying to enter India.
However, he said that there are still some concerns about the Village Development Council (VDC) in the Bill. John F Kharshiing said that only the VDC has the authority to carry out all the development works, and Bah John F Kharshiing said that the proposal to set up the VDC should be stopped first because it has to be discussed. it is better that it be a destruction of the villages.
The Earth, the Word and the Kur are the three parts that make us indigenous.
The NCW has been conducting public hearings on the rights of women but it still needs to continue these hearings to ensure that women know their rights according to the law.
Swami Vedaswarupanandaji Maharaj, Head of Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture, Golpark, Kolkata and Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong.
She said that this issue has been going on for a year and she cannot just listen like this. It is on these grounds that she demands from the Rangbah Shnong of Lama to explain why the dorbar cannot be called to speak as directed. “If you don't do anything, you can appeal to the law,” said Thrina.
The final was held at Vikaspuri Tactical Hq New Delhi. Single winner – Marghin Sangma (Constable) Single runners up – Ruddy Kharkongor (Constable) Double winner – Holicson Malai (Havildar) & Arbutawas Marak (Constable) Dou Runners up – Shri F.G Kharshiing IPS (Commandant) & Insp Manilal Singha.
“This is necessary to make them aware of the right history and to fill them with patriotism and pride for their people and nation.
The maintenance of the entrance to the Speaker's PS in the Legislative Assembly costs 28,990 tyngka.
KHNAM Ribhoi wishes all the children of Ribhoi who are in the middle of preparing for various examinations to succeed,, so that your future and the Jaitbynriew will be great.
Some have also set up their own pharmacies which are pharmacies.
These spears, which are used in the fighting to cut the sner, are longer and heavier while the method of making and cutting the sner is in the same way as the sner.
I applaud this team working on this project.
When this time comes, your joy will be even greater.
The purpose of this vaccination is to fight and prevent the spread of COVID-1
It is only because of understanding and self-confidence that India has been able to reduce the impact of the corona virus.
Please contact the Ailang Gas Agency in Nongstoin at
For the Forest Works, the allocation is T.10,07,88,260/-, while for the Khadar Department, the allocation is T.6,41,95,160/-. The budget for the study is T.87,80,640/-.
“The MHA's answer to the three questions of the party (on ILP, Khasi and Garo languages, border demarcation) is an honor to the country, the nation and the people of Meghalaya,” he said. said Mr. Kharbani.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The name of Dr. LR Bishnoi IPS as the Director General of Police, Shillong, has remained on the website of the Police Department. moon.
The order was issued on a complaint by the Secretary General of the All India Christian Council Dr John Dayal against the government's announcement by the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CEC) of the revenue of the Ministry of Finance. ordered all employees to come to work for the financial year ending on the 31st of this month.
And it will help each of us to contribute to society and the country as a whole.
At NEHU Shillong today, the employees under the banner of ANWU have gathered in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor even in the midst of heavy rain to demand the recognition of the university. day laborers the recognition as permanent employees to those who have worked for more than twelve years.
While the IOA of the Kashmiri people from J&K appears in the Constitution of India because they have four representatives in the Constituent Assembly, the Khasi States do not have representatives in the Constituent Assembly. Governor of Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong and NPP leaders have visited Nongunraw village in the 53-Ranikor constituency to campaign for the party candidate. Martin M Danggo.
In a statement sent by the President of the union, Samla Edmund K.Khongngai, he strongly condemned the stingy behavior of the BSF which is the border guard force of India and the state government which has acted too stingy without taking action. At this time due to the Corona Virus, all the people of the state are afraid and refuse to gather people or go to the market due to the government's restrictions.
KSU Umsning Circle has arrested two buses with the number plates AS-01 GC 7338 and AS-01 KC 5638 after a difference in the speed of arrival of these foreigners. More than 90 foreigners have been arrested in Umsning area for not having proper documents.
Shillong, Nailar: The SF.10 has destroyed a GNLA camp in the Durama forest between South and East Garo Hills. against the insurgency in Ri Lum Garo.
Besides the UDP leaders, other leaders who have joined the Congress Party are Bah PW Pnar, former BJP leader of Ri Bhoi, Bah SW Mallai, Additional SP of Police. and other elders.
Conduct regular meetings to review the implementation of the ECRP-II where there is a strong need to strengthen health services especially in rural areas and cases involving children.
“We demand an immediate explanation from the Prime Minister on such a mistake and we demand that the State Government should clarify this statement in a letter that we will submit to him tomorrow 17/12/2 Furthermore, the Congress has demanded that the MDA should convene another All Party meeting on 15/12/2 No decision shall be taken on matters relating to the demarcation and distribution, without full consultation with us the opposition of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, the BJP said that the Congress should think carefully when doing anti-religious or anti-ethnic activities in politics. Sonia Gandhi's Congress party at the venue of the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid Syed Ahmed Bukhari.
The import of goods and the automation of customs operations at the LCS have become an important part of the country's Customs.
The Hima Mylliem has already announced that there will be a cleanliness drive today and a spraying of medicines to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
On this day, the blessing of the cemeteries within the Archdiocese of Shillong started from Laitumkhrah and will continue in other parishes throughout the state.
The delay of Nehu in announcing the results of various examinations has also expressed its concern over the delay of NEHU in announcing the results of various examinations and this has caused a lot of problems to the students who intend to study chess and in your search you search for jam.
“Agriculture has the potential to lift people out of poverty and give them a better life.
“We also maintain social distancing while working according to the directives of the Government.
As a group, they pray for the Chairman of SUPH to recover and that the Creator will empower the doctors and nurses who are treating the Chairman of the group.
After the Minister of Home Affairs was appointed as a mother, the people had hoped that the girls would get happiness but the rape of women has increased with the police. He who has committed illegal acts is still escaping from the hands of the police. This is a crime.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District has already directed all shopkeepers to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government and to be more vigilant when opening their shops.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government today decided to cancel the agreement between the former Government and the companies for the construction of the Kynshi Stage-I and Upper Khri Power Plants. Stage-I and Stage-II. Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said, “It has been decided to cancel the two production plants. boarding has not been approved by the State Government.
Shillong, March 17: Several elders of Laskein Block area who have the spirit to promote tourism, have unanimously decided to set up a voluntary organization to look after the tourism industry. to promote tourism in the region.
Once they did so and the second time we don't know how many days it took to submit the report,” said Bah Wankhar.
The total number of recoveries in East Khasi Hills today has risen to
Also present on the occasion were Bah Phasmon Dkhar as the Chief Guest; Justine Dkhar, Ex.MLA, as the Special Guest, along with other leaders from the Dkhar Central Body, EJHD, WJHD and other departments of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills.
He was arrested on a complaint by the Wahadadar of the Shella Confederacy.
The Principal welcomed the Commandant who was ready to explain to the students.
The Congress leader alleged that the Modi government has handed over the wealth of India in the last 70 years to the rich.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 828 people have been tested positive for COVID-1 there are 6861 people.
The states, villages, municipalities and the media have all started the protest for the ODF. The government has not been seen in this matter, the people themselves have done what is necessary.
The total number of Phensedyl drugs from the hidden area has reached 9883 bottles. Police are conducting an investigation to find out the truth regarding the seizure of the drugs. .
The union wants the government to speak in the House on the ILP to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state and other demands. put before the government who have.
The Governor of Meghalaya has urged them to work harder as the National Games 2022 will be held in the state and said that they will have to work harder so that the state can get the National Games of victory in the National Games.
On the other hand, the Advocate General said that the fact is that there has been no permission to appoint the Chancellor of the university. degrees already conferred should be withdrawn.
Nongstoin, July 6: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District on July 5, 2021, has donated food items and money to a family with four children. In the view of U Kñi, who is still 20 years old, in fact he should still spend time in his studies but he has to leave his home to support his four young Pyrsa children. bylla while you get it.
More than 40 children and youth from various schools and colleges of Jowai came to take part in this training on how to ring and paint.
Shillong, July 10: The Chief Engineer of the State Road Construction Department, Bah KK Mawa, today announced that the tender for the construction of the Balat-Shella road of 40-41 km which is 1.90 km long has been invited. is from the SPV is cancelled.
When asked whether former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin is the front runner to apply for the ticket, Paul said that Kharjahrin is not one of the candidates and has expressed his wish. to contest the election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
However, the Government of India will allow the use of imported drugs only through sources other than the Government of India.
The state government is trying to relieve the people from the ban on coal mining.
The reason given by the Election Department is that the machines are not free because of the Lok Sabha MP elections. The government has allocated T.1.10 crore for the three District Councils in the Lok Sabha. the state that they buy their own machines.
The KSU is like a stronghold and a stronghold against the violence in the past 10 days.
The polling will start at 9 pm and end at 4 pm.
Although no casualties have been reported,” said the SP. The SP said that the police department has strengthened its patrols around Shillong at night to maintain peace and order.
George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi said that it is unacceptable that the DC of East Khasi Hills has issued an announcement in the middle of the night to ban the vehicles of jhur from Bhoi. They have gone to harvest the jhur and have already loaded it into the vehicles to bring and sell.
The MLA gave this assistance to these three NGOs under different churches so that they can use them to celebrate their festivals.
“I informed her about various projects that are underway through the funds that the Government of India provides to various states through the EAP and various development works that are underway,” he said. said.
Shillong, Lber 13: East Bengal will face Shillong Lajong FC in the 21st I-League match at Salt Lake Stadium, Kolkata at 5 pm today. shai is the day.
The theme of the conference is “Digital India: Success to Excellence”.
It is found that especially during the rainy months, the electricity supply is cut off from time to time especially in the Phlangwanbroi area but it takes a long time to restore it.
This action of the Government is very disappointing to us the residents of the border areas.
At this meeting, the RBCC received two names proposed for the election, Airmarchal Diengan and Daniel Wahlang. election and have also complied with the rules and regulations laid down by the Congress party.
On the other hand, the civil society organizations will also discuss this issue, said Bah Daniel.
At the time of writing, no one was injured in the blast. Police are conducting an investigation.
The FKS said that the uprising should be remembered 64 years ago on 27th June 1952, (the opening day of the District Council) in which hundreds of youths were tear gassed and tortured. The protest on the opening day of the District Council shows us that the struggle for the rule we want has not succeeded until these days.
There was the highest collection on a single day in June 2022 which was on 20th June 2022 and the highest collection on an hour which was between 4 and 5 pm on that day.
MDC Fantin Lakadong and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh were also present on the occasion.
The state has all the legal protections and the law will take action against those who violate.
Used pads such as diapers, sanitary pads etc. should be packed in plastic bags obtained from the manufacturer or from the manufacturer or packed and stored. good in specialized containers for disposing of dry materials or non-perishable materials.
The Chief Minister said the reason for the amendment to the Act is that the Central Government has allowed the State Governments to increase the allocation of funds by obligation and this is on the basis of the implementation methods in government departments. different.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Cabinet today approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Charcoal Amendment Rule, said Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In response, the Minister said that the Minister of Home Affairs should have resigned because the alleged house belongs to the Minister. you don't have a house.
He said that there are many jobs but due to the lack of contractors the government has to call tender again because many of the contractors cannot do the jobs because they have many jobs. At the same time, many contractors who cannot provide according to the requirements are not for this reason.
It was founded by Hajom Kissor Singh Lyngdoh Nongbri and his followers, Mar Sutnga Paslein, Kat Sohmynting Shylla, Men Kurimai Lyngdoh and Phareinbon Rani. Jowai.
The Police Outpost at Bararo/Mukroh has been a demand of the KSU and the people since ancient times.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said with confidence that the development works he has done for Guwahati have spoken for themselves and let the people judge by the works he has done.
The Director said that one person has died of the disease identified as Sonkor Arengh, 44 years old from Hawakhana, Tura in West Garo Hills District. Christian Hospital Tura.
The reason for the decline in education is that the talented people in this field refuse to come to this field because there is no future for them in old age when they retire. as they are now facing this problem.
This victory has encouraged other shooters and it is hoped that the Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya will take action to create opportunities to build shooting ranges including the provision of firearms which will enable the Shooting Association of Meghalaya to achieve to develop the talents of many youths in the state as part of the preparation for national or international shooting competitions.
He said that the party will wait and see what the state government will do in the future in Delhi and the leaders of the central government to enforce the ILP in the state.
The funeral service will be held on the 20th of this month at 1.30 pm.
After that she tried to drive by teaching her friends, and when she learned well she started driving a school bus.
The Union of Village Authorities of Nongthymmai Pyllun, Shillong, which has held a meeting in recent days, has decided to urge the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the delimitation of MDC constituencies to wait for a while and to be able to agree together for the benefit of all.
In a letter written by the MP from Tura, she said that from 2022-2023, the Central Government has decided to conduct the Common University Entrance Test (CUTE) for students in universities. central government.
The purpose of this meeting is to teach the people how to improve their income.
The search operation is ongoing to rescue the abductees.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to all those who have given their right hand to the CMRF to fight against COVID-1
Besides Samla Donald, Samla Shemphang L. Mawphlang Litigation Secretary, Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang Organizing Secretary and Bah L. Warjri President Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association also delivered speeches.
They urged Bah John F Kharshiing to fight hard to suspend these temporary arrangements lest new arrangements be introduced which will weaken the powers of Dorbar Shnong, Raij and Hima.
He also said why? Why? “The mountains have been destroyed like this only because of selfish people who need only money and not health.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Lyiur Session 2022 of the Legislative Assembly which started on Monday, 18th November, 2022 has ended without any further date for discussion on Monday. April 19, 2022.
“When you think of something to spoil, there are reasons,” said Bah Chyne.
Answering questions, she said how can we believe the intention of Bah Srogy to surrender as he is a member of the peace talks with the state government and has just left for Bangladesh. intention to surrender and stay in the state.
Payment in paper money made it impossible to identify where the money came from and where it went.
Shillong, July 05: Shillong Lajong FC have defeated Assam Police FC in the Bordoloi Trophy 2013 at the Nehru Stadium Guwahati.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Jemino Mawthoh, after a special meeting of the CEC of the party today, said that the decision was taken at the meeting. The party will give its full support to Conrad K Sangma of the NPP in 51-South Tura so that he can win and continue the post of Chief Minister of the state.
All local taxi drivers have been directed that those who have not yet received the stickers, should carry all the documents in their vehicles for convenience during the police inspection, if there is an inspection of the vehicles. should be shown.
The total payment released for the year 2019-2020 is T.95,444 crore.
They have faced difficulties even in getting clearance for trucks carrying goods to enter Bangladesh which can take up to four or five days due to the overcrowding.
Kitborlang Nongrem, one of the leading leaders of Martin M Danngo, said that the leaders who came to propose to join the NPP are from the UDP, BJP, PDF and members of the NPP. The NPP party members who have already existed are still with the party. Those who have appeared in the media are only a few who have been opposed to the former MLA of Ranikor.
Those working with the Central Government or PSUs will not be eligible for this assistance.
The Waheh Shnongs, members of the JAC and the people expressed their concern over the silence of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the State Government on the deterioration of the road. They also urged them to continue the indefinite road blockade until the Government and NHAI have completed the construction and maintenance of the road.
Hospitals, dispensaries, pharmacies, sale of medicines in relation to drugs.
Dyes such as mercury, zinc oxide, chromium and lead affect the water supply and cause many diseases.
The Seng expects the NEHU authorities to take action on this issue for the benefit of the Law students in the state as a whole.
Meanwhile, the Army on the border with Bangladesh celebrated the day at their headquarters by planting trees and conducting training for children on how to preserve the environment.
“There may also be vote theft if the Polling Officials are not vigilant and determined to ensure that the election will be fair and transparent,” the VPP said in a complaint to the CEO. urges you to take all necessary measures to ensure that the conduct of clean and fair elections should not be disrupted and that voters should be able to cast their votes without any discrimination. Several supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have been taken to the Ribhoi District Police Station. The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh was delivering a speech on the platform during the election campaign in Umsning. It's God's Day.
At this meeting of the Cabinet chaired by the Chief Minister, it was decided to divide the state into 71 groups or clusters to start the testing of the people. residents.
Without the management of the schools.
Offline Registration- For those who wish to register offline, they can do so by collecting the forms from the office of the KJP Synod Sepngi, Mission Compound Shillong and the following places. .
The Seng reminds the government that this issue has been pending for decades, where one government to another has not been able to resolve the demands of the people, but it has been. Sah Kut has not been able to resolve this issue.
The spiritual belief in God also moves from myths to the reality of the real world according to modern science.
The village leaders informed the Nongstoiñ Police Station and the police came to take the body for further investigation.
They have the right to challenge their demand for Garoland but they also tell them that they have no right to export their border outside their border which means to change the current boundary of South West Khasi Hills. District and other Khasi areas.
At the same time, he said that it will also be an encouragement to the youth of the North East to come forward to join the army as it is now in the army of the country. India has one of the best armed forces in the world.
At the meeting, Bah BS Syiem urged the people to form a group to lead the people so that they can have a better future.
The training program was organized with the funding of Nehu Yuva Kendra, Shillong with the aim of providing the youth with knowledge, courage, service and progress in many fields and the lessons that should be given to the youth.
Bah S.Mawiong, one of the land owners of Paham Jirang, said that this action of the Sengbhalang groups in Jirang is an insult to the villagers to invite foreigners who are only foreigners. the leader of the fields in Jirang.
The Ministry of Transport will call a tender for the construction of the road. The KHADC has not allocated any funds for the construction of the project. these are the buildings in this place.
Although agriculture in India has increased significantly since the Green Revolution, millions of people in India still sleep without food every day.
The UDP leader confirmed his belief that the Congress supports the CAB by taking from what appeared in the India Today newspaper on 17th November 2014, in which the Minister The then Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, urged the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, to introduce a policy to allow Hindu refugees from Bangladesh to enter India.
The Meghalaya Kurash Association (MKA) has won the title of Junior Athlete in Kurash.
The District Election Officer, West Khasi Hills District, today informed the public that a place has been set up where the public can complain if there is any dispute or distribution of kyiad during the election. as one of corruption.
The office will distribute the food items to the public according to the rules laid down by the government.
The ceremony was organized by the Department of Christian Studies and Peace Initiatives in the presence of Dr. GC Kharkongor, Chancellor of the University, Dr MB Marwein, Registrar, and students of the University. department of education at this university.
Speaking at a meeting of the party at Polo Ground today on the visit of the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul said that the party's priority issues are on backwardness and poverty. The Congress-ruled government has introduced many programs and schemes for the benefit of the people.
He said that the main task now is how to curb the spread of COVID-19 and looking at the increasing number of cases in the country and also in the neighboring state of Assam. If the government doesn't listen to the voice of the people, it means that the government intends to shut down.
“When the Land Transfer Act has a provision that cannot be sold without the permission of the government, how can we claim that it is not land?” said the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. the kingdom shall walk according to the law of those who proclaim the kingdom.
Not only cows and smuggled liquor from India to Bangladesh are very high.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Executive Committee of FKJGP Mawlai Circle led by President Marbud Dkhar and General Secretary Energy Star Cajee on Tuesday held a meeting with the Executive Committee of FKJGP Mawlai Circle. office of the party which was attended by all the Presidents, Secretaries of various Units, members of the executive members of the circle. Mawlai Village has received complaints from time to time from the residents which has affected the traffic and especially the students. At this meeting, it was also decided to meet with the government authorities to discuss this issue.
The call for the signing of the Suskular by Sardar Patel and VP Menon has indeed brought about closer relations, compared to the call of Pandit Nehru, in June 1947, which he had just announced publicly that any Hima Those who do not wish to enter the Constituent Assembly shall be treated as enemies of the country.
During the search, Police recovered motorcycles including Motor Bikes and Scooties without Registration Certificate, without paying insurance, without HSRP Number Plate and without registration Certificate. by the Muffler Modifier.
Now, the listener is wiser than the speaker.
In her speech, N Umdor, District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills District, said that the purpose of the celebration of this day is to promote and open them up in all development activities.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said it is sad to lose a leader who has grown up, has a strong spirit and is a leader whom they can trust for leadership. to build the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Khalid Khan, Additional Advocate General, Government of Meghalaya, said that the implementation of these laws will initially cause problems for all those involved, judges, Muktiars and police. this is only temporary as long as time goes by.
He said that in December 2023, the government has sent the names to the office of the Lokayukta and the selection is at the discretion of the Lokayukta.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Rangbah Vanshan Buhphang, Chairman CEC, who gave advice and training on how to become intelligent and brave leaders like soldiers to carry the burden in the villages to bring about the cleanliness by walking together with the Dorbar Shnong.
This was announced by the General Secretary of AMSSANTSA, Bah Barikupar Mylliemngap after a meeting with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma.
These successes remind us that small businesses, going through challenges always have the opportunity to thrive.
On the other hand, the government will strive to do its utmost to bring peace.
On the other hand, the CEM confirmed that the Refugee Colony has been renamed as Rynjah in 2019, therefore, the CEM urged the people living in the area to but the village administration of the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong in accordance with the Hima Mylliem Act.
In these states, school attendance is between 97 and 65 percent.
Police have been searching for the suspect and have arrested him from Umpling.
The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Students Union, Jaintia Youth Federation and East Jaintia Council has sent a letter to the Chairman of the Public Hearing on the proposal to build a power plant. Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project Stage-II for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District said that he has received information that there has been a blockade of trucks smuggling Mawshuh to Bangladesh from Umdud to Siro Point under the Majai Land Custom Station by the residents of Majai.
The FKJGP feels that the seventh position in the Top 20 of the SSLC Examination 2020 is a great honor not only for her and her family but also for her. the school and the Upper Shillong-Mylliem area as a whole.
In the same incident, her 20-year-old brother-in-law, who was at home at the time, was also injured in the blast.
This will also be for the purpose of applying for marsheets, admit cards of Secondary and Higher Secondary, this can also be done for those who are not married, unemployed, old age pension, certificate from For those who have been waiting to receive pension, they can submit to the authorities in charge of distribution of pension, to the branch managers and to receive medicine even if they have lost their documents. .
During his journey, he met and fell in love with a young woman who was the most beautiful in all those areas.
After receiving the reply from the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit MLA of the HSPDP who started the discussion on the issue of confidence building in the government, said Dr Mukul Sangma's government has rejected the no confidence motion without any confidence motion.
To date, 45 Network Planning Group meetings have been held at the Central Government level, in which 72 major infrastructure projects (MoR-27, MoRTH-25, MoPNG-4, NICDC-5) have been implemented. , MoHUA-8, MoPSW-2) worth T 5.08 lakh crore.
Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw together with the village leaders on Friday inspected the two cleaned roads, one connecting Mawlai Motsyiar to Mawlai Umjaiur. 0.459 kilometer and another road connecting Riat Medi to Mawlai Nongpdeng which is about 0.120 km long which has been funded by the PWD department. Mawlai Nongpdeng has been completed and opened to the public.
On the other hand, Grace Marry Kharpuri EM incharge Trade said that regarding the price through this act, it will help a lot to the farmers as she has made it clear that the District Council or the Executive Committee can set the price. minimum rate.
After the discussion, it was agreed that these machines used in the elections are adequate and reliable, but the lack of reliability is due to the human error, on the part of the people who have been assigned to vote during the voting.
During the training, the District Emergency Operation Center (EOC) was ready and working on the incidents that may occur during the earthquake and how to protect them. injured person.
He said that it has never happened in the history of the KHADC that the decision of the Governor has to be taken to court. Speaking on the occasion, Titosstarwell Chyne said that this happened because there is no law to protect the GHADC. There are those who take advantage of the rights of members and in politics because it is a democracy that requires a lot of paid people.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Wankitboklang Syiemlieh of HYC Mawsynram.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah Sherrard Wahlang, who graduated from Singapore in Business and Marketing, has introduced a different method of farming which is the cultivation of mynken. import specially out of the country.
The Deputy Commissioners of all Districts have been instructed to start the testing of the people to protect the state from the spread of COVID-1
Sherwood School, Tura, West Garo Hills has been ranked top in the results of the SSLC examination announced by the MBOSE. on Thursday.
This has led to the Samla Shnong to come forward to protest against the act. Without thinking about the future of their children, they want to give them to foreigners but they don't think about them. Many Khasi children will seek employment in these places to earn a living because the time will come when they will be in need more than now.
The amount of money seized is more than 10 lakh tyngka.
In fact, the MBOSE, when it had this intention to change the textbooks for the Class XI students, should have sent the textbooks in June even though the results have been released but now it is still. This will be a loss for the students.
One of such programs was held in Nongstoi, the capital of West Khasi Hills, to train women and young women and especially men on the increase in crime against women.
strengthening cooperative resources, strengthening equity base, opening up access to finance, business expansion, promotion of self-employment, reputation enhancement, marketing, business model innovation, innovation, technology adoption and exports.
It may be recalled that the AR was established within the KHADC on 7th June 2020 and Matsiewdor War Nongbri took over the post of KHADC on 8th June
Friends, there is a feeling that the people of this country are examples of the power of God.
These leaders from various political parties who met with the Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission are the People's Democratic Party, Nationalist Congress Party, Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, Hill State People's Party. Democratic Party , Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement.
The two GNLA cadres are now in the custody of the police for investigation.
Parents who understand the persecution of such people should come forward.
In this regard, Dr Sahkhar said that the department has taken care of this and has ensured that all the waste or water from this meat processing plant will remain inside and there will be nothing to break. theh or poured out.
On this occasion, the Committee also had the opportunity to meet with the Lamphang of West Bengal who welcomed all the members.
These Congress MLAs who have come to support the government have come as private members and within their party it is their responsibility what they will do against these MLAs. before they came to support the government.
At the end of his speech, Prime Minister Duh said, "Your wishes are my wishes," and thanked the North East for its development projects. today.
The completion of Mission 10 by 2028 will coincide with the 10 years of the MDA Government,” he added.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has estimated that 460 cases have been recovered from East Khasi Hills, 226 cases from West Khasi Hills, 64 cases from West Khasi Hills and 56 cases from Ri Bhoi. A total of 69043 people have recovered from the disease so far.
However, the Government has produced this petrol and sold ethanol mixed with petrol.
The victims were identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta and the bodies of the two were found in Ichamati and Dalda.
When SP News Agency visited Khanduli area, it was seen that on the way from Meghalaya to Assam, there is a gate of Assam where there are police guards. Police of Meghalaya.
The poverty and purchasing power gap has dropped by $ 1.9 from 12.2% in 2011-12 to 2% in 2022-2
Shillong, November 13: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) on the 9th of this month has decided to accept the order on the salary increase of teachers. SSA in the State was launched on 31st March, 2016 by DP Wahlang State Mission Director SSA-SEMAM who is also the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Education Department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Three candidates have filed their nomination papers for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on the 13th of November. KHADC: Bankhraw Singh Kharbuli KHNAM, Ricky Shullai NCP from Laban-Mawpren MDC constituency and Nathaniel Osbert Rymbai from Nongspung-Sohiong MDC constituency have filed their nominations.
"After meeting with their relatives, we took the two youths to a hospital near Guwahati, Assam," he said.
Likewise, as a leader, he feels that many of the villages in his constituency are still lagging behind.
According to information, the foreigners who live in Keating Road have alleged that it was the Khasi youths who first started the riots.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek said that the state has more than 3000 types of herbal medicines and with this cooperation of the Khasi doctors from the state and the people of Kerala will help to develop them. Tourism in the field of health and at the same time will promote the Khasi health care system in the state.
The current number of MLAs in the Legislative Assembly is NPP 23, Congress 17, UDP 8, PDF 4, BJP 2, HSPDP 2, NCP 1, KHNAM 1 and 2 independent MLAs. .
The FKJGP commends the unity and solidarity of the Naga people to fight for the rights of their fellow citizens who have been violated by the law enforcement agencies.
Because the British Government has already taken over the Jaintia Hills including the present Karbi Anglong Elaka of Assam since 1935, it has separated from the Hima Khyrim under the rule of the Hima Khyrim. the king and the council of the Khasi Hills.
That as the day has been appointed, that they too shall appear to receive the signs and wonders to receive this rise once a year of mankind in order to receive the ainguh, the aidem, the prayer, the prayer. pray unto the Lord God, that he may pour out upon thee a blessing from beyond thee.
On receipt of this complaint, the East Khasi Hills District Police have conducted a search operation, and in this search operation, they have arrested a line of people and seized a vehicle used by them. and the search for those involved is ongoing.
The Chief Minister said that in the North East and Meghalaya besides agriculture and tourism, what can be developed is also in the music industry as the youth of the North East. have the same talent as the people of Meghalaya.
“We are still waiting for the government to repair the NH 44 from Khliehriat to Kongong for the celebration of Behdeinkhlam, the biggest festival in Jaintia Hills. The government through the PWD Central Division, Jowai has repaired only the parts of the road that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma had passed through the road. When he came to witness the Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Tuber recently while other areas where the Chief Minister should not pass, the government through its department in charge of this road “This road has been left without maintenance,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO.
On the part of Samla Hopewell Kharkongor, President and General Secretary of FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit, they warned against those involved in the smuggling of foreigners into the area. The FKJGP will not stand idly by to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the region.
The GSU said that the people need Umdih in Chokpot.
During the meeting, the EE of Mawsymram PWD promised to take action and today sent a contractor to repair the bridge.
On the other hand, NESO has strongly opposed the central government's plan not to pass the bill in parliament, or by exempting the North East from the bill, but the bill has been passed. in the midst of the opposition of the people of this area.
Furthermore, evidence of investments of over Rs 13 crore was found in the sale of properties.
Among the 29 MDCs who attended the meeting, Bah PN Syiem said that this issue has to be discussed properly because here is the part that needs to be discussed. The reason is that all of them are Khasi.
ritcher will be a major damage to Shillong and the entire area.
There are 31 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 19 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 06: After the swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that they have called for the same parties to work together in the same government because they feel that there is no do not work with the same group.
The mother has only two children and both of them are officials in the Meghalaya government.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency congratulated the Nonghulew Sports & Cultural Club for organizing this Football Tournament as part of the relationship. and also to bring about unity among the villagers within the Raid Nonghulew.
He said that many of these products have GI status. He urged all those involved in these activities to take advantage of the schemes under the Department of Commerce & Industry to promote exports. foreign goods.
The Central Bureau of Communication (CBC) works under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and is responsible for providing information on the programmes, schemes and activities of the Government of India in the country.
Speaking on the disease caused by eating and drinking tobacco in India, he said, “The use of tobacco, especially cigarettes and edible tobacco, has affected the people of India.
The launch of the Agartala-Sabroom DEMU railway line No.07688/07687 will benefit the people from the difficult to reach areas of the state and will improve the transportation facilities to the state capital Agartala.
The clashes between the police and the protesters continued until late at night when there was a shootout between the protesters and the police and the police used tear gas several times to fire tear gas. The people who tried to turn to the parts of Motphran.
He said that recently during the visit of the Japanese Ambassador to India while talking about the modern powers, Japan is ready to assist in the planting of the known tied. The Governor has asked the Ministry of Agriculture to follow up with the office of the Japanese Language Commissioner.
The households who have received assistance from the HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle include Mawsmai Village, Kyllang Bahap Village in Mawthadraishan Constituency, Mairang Village and other villages in the area. It’s rainy.
We want to tell the citizens of this state that we cannot fight by injuring others or we cannot fight elections by intimidating or intimidating others.
The Meghalaya Sign Bank App was also launched on the same day.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah ED Nongsiang Chaimran of the group, said that they will start their protest by sitting in front of the schools where they teach in the schools. On the 27th and 28th of this month and on the 29th, they will hold a sit-in at the head quarters of all districts in the state.
The report of the meeting of the Union with the Chief Minister on the outstanding arrear for the year 2016-17 from November 2016 to June 2017 will also be submitted. Aristotle C Rymbai President Sengkmie and leaders of the West Khasi Hills District Unit will attend the ceremony.
Shillong, March 30: In the second round of the 2nd Inter Hima Samla Kur Knockout Football 2016, Marbaniang Kur (Mylliem) defeated 2nd Inter Kur Knockout Football 2016 at Smit on 29th October Khongsngi Hima Khyrim won the match 2-0 through Kyntipborlang Marbaniang and Augustborn Marbaniang.
In confirmation of this, it was found through the writings of the Government in a letter dated Dt.25th.
Shillong, July 28: The Shillong Municipal Board today raided the shops at the Polo Market as the land belongs to the government and alleged that the shopkeepers in the market are illegally selling.
MACS has set a target that the participants should reach the screening centers for suspected cases.
Referring to those who came from poor households, they urged the state government to order all the 60 leaders to contribute to the scheme which they receive more than Rs 2 crore per annum. This is the only way to save the poor from the 21 days of starvation. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense to spend more than Rs 2 crore if the leaders don't help the people at this time.
This incident has encouraged us all, it has shown us clearly the path we must take, our goal as well as the strength to do what is necessary.
Besides the Entrance Examination, the students will also have to sit for the Final Examination in order to be promoted.
This is also the fourth time for Shillong Lajong to win a match in their own state. the opposition team in this match from start to finish.
The Lalremruata Varte of Mizoram is a traditional writer of the Mizos by promoting Christianity as a clear sword to share the Mizo people.
Shillong, July 04: The Executive Committee of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to fully implement the Act on the Trade in Wages. people who came to the state.
To improve the services in the field of education and to assist the students of the HYC, the HYC has decided to set up a “HYC Students' Wing”.
The Governor of Meghalaya has awarded the prize to the private sector who have contributed to the public service in recognition of their contribution to the society of the people of the state as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, the Additional Advocate General of the Government of Meghalaya, Bah WHD Syngkon, who was the chief guest, said that the determination and hard work has brought about a holy result. All these students who have passed are students who have left their studies for many years but with determination they have studied again and now they have achieved success by passing the HSSLC examination. He congratulated the founders of this college who have worked hard to establish this school and urged them to make this college one of the best colleges in the country. India.
When India says ‘one Sun, One Planet, One Grid’ it envisions a path to a better future for the world.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 254 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases in the country has risen to 2234 so far.
The Election Commission has already clarified that this has been done in the last two elections, in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting of all political parties on the incident ha Mukroh village where four people lost their lives in a shooting incident. of the Assam Police.
The two MLAs who resigned today were welcomed to the NPP party at a public meeting held at Iewrynhep Square in Nongthymai this evening in which hundreds of supporters attended. to the NPP today.
The BSF troops have been working hard to curb smuggling and illegal activities within the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Non Governmental Organization (NGO) has urged the state government not to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. .
At the same time, the leaders of the four organizations appealed to the residents of the area not to take stingy this disease which has claimed precious lives including the elderly. young people and children and it can happen even to children if we don't take this issue seriously.
Ailadlang Surong – Environment Secy.
As for those examination centres, except Shillong Sadar, Jowai, Amlarem, Tura and Dadengre, the CBI has been directed to investigate according to the decision issued on 21.10.2011 and to separate those who have marks and and the report shall be submitted to the Chief Secretary within six months.
People living near tall towers should be vigilant during heavy rain and strong winds, this order from the DC is to avoid any injury.
It is true that in the last few years, there have been some changes due to the invasion of other ethnic groups, but he urged that as a nation we should not lose heart but we should encourage the youth and children to preserve their culture by researching and writing the history of the uniqueness of the Khasi people.
Police in West Jaintia Hills also recently recovered four bikes without number plates and one with number plates from Assam. Police have suspected that there are no groups of bike thieves smuggling bikes to Bangladesh.
The Board shall have a Chairperson appointed by the Central Government, members from the AYUSH Department, Pharmaceuticals, Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Commerce & Industry Departments of the Central Government, State Government officials from the three States ( the selection of teams from the country/state involved in the research, members from farmers and exporters, and a Secretary to be appointed by the Department of Commerce.
The union has written to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India because after the union has met with the Ministers of the State Government it has been seen that the State Government has not been able to bring peace and stability. The government has deployed temporary police to patrol these areas and this is a short term solution and the union wants these activities to stop immediately. Corrective measures should also be taken to curb the illegal entry of Bangladeshis.
Shillong, Mohprah 21: Employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) today staged a protest at its office grounds in Khyndailad. ie ie of the government to pay their salaries for many months.
The Chief Organizer of the Sect was appointed by Bah Pynsuk Myrthong.
Narendra Modiuba has brought about this positive change in the lives of the people of the North East and the connectivity of this region with other parts of India, I congratulate the people of the North East on this special occasion .
The Bill is currently pending in Parliament, according to a statement from the PIB News.
In these years he has contested for the MLA seat from one constituency and now he has filed his nomination papers to contest again from Mylliem constituency as an independent candidate.
Therefore, we must make sure that we are vigilant and do not allow anyone to sting.
Shillong, November 12: The meeting was held under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, Sirdar of the Khasi States. Mawdon, and Secretary.
The polling started today until 13/June/2
Speaking to SP News Agency, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC of Nongskhen, who is also the EM of KHADC, said that the MLA and MDC have been strongly criticized by the party. HYC Kharpuri said that the allegation is very wrong. The MDC said that she had met with the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division. The people regarding their difficulty in trading their products such as synsar so that they can trade again.
The DMC Mawkyrwat has also sent a letter to all the branch managers of the banks. The DMC Mawkyrwat has also sent a letter to all the branch managers of the banks. “It is not necessary to implement the above order,” said Bah LH Pariong.
Police have requested the court that according to the first complaint lodged by the mother of the child that the child was abducted and raped by a group, these parts should be investigated. remove.
Polington Khonglar, who was elected as the interim Rangbah Shnong, said that on the day of the election, the police of Pynurlasa were also present. He will hand over the documents of the village but he has not handed over the documents of the village. The village has not refused to lodge a complaint at Pynursla police station.
The CoRP urges the MeECL to complete the 33 KV line as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of Ri Bhoi West, said a statement sent by Bah Gershome Hat Vice President of the CoRP. JETS 24×7, the first Bike Taxi Aggregator in Meghalaya, has finally received the Permit from the State Government through the Office of the District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills District. The use of motorcycles and two wheelers to provide convenience to passengers in such a busy time and time of need for the people.
As a country, we should honor the brave men and women who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
Shillong, July 08: The Kur Thangkhiew of Meirad Puri Mai, has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting death of its children, brothers and sisters by robbers in Them Mator. 31st June, 2018 while they were on their way, they were hit by a bus Saw – Shillong Public Transport Services (SPTS) driven by their father.
The people here are pleasant and the weather is pleasant.
U Bah Sawkmie congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for keeping his promise as he spoke in the House today. that is closer to the Mawlai By-Pass.
Those who came to take part were from the Army, Indian Air Force, Assam Rifles, CRPF, ITBP, BSF and individuals from Shillong and Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that in the Budget Session, the issues affecting the state and other issues allocated by the Budget Session will be brought before the House. for the opposition and under various rules in accordance with the rules governing the conduct of the dorbar.
This collaboration with 1M1B is in perfect alignment with our mutual objective of empowering the young adolescents of the state by equipping them with skills that will prepare them for the future.
She said the region has produced many prominent women in various sports.
Shillong, July 13: Leaders of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) led by Bhagwant Singh from Amritsar, Punjab today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma. He spoke about the persecution of the people living in Harijan Colony in Mawlong Market.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) in a meeting with the Election Commission of India (ECI) Shillong today to discuss the upcoming elections in Meghalaya, a petition in which certain conditions are laid down that the Ec should put into effect.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the various groups to work together without any spirit of discrimination to promote and preserve their culture. The Nongtluh Farmer Association has been able to organize this festival.
With his four wickets from the first innings, the 23-year-old who was only drafted in the Ranji squad for this match, ended with match figures of 12/129 and he was subsequently named Player of the Match.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: Heavy rainfall which lasted all night has caused severe damage in Jowai where many houses have been destroyed in the earthquake which occurred at 10:00 pm day.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District today visited the office of the Pragya Foundation which is also the admission office for B, Ed and various courses at Pahamrioh. , Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Bah Lamphrang Blah, on assuming office as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the most important thing is to review the AD Rule and the rules relating to the conduct of the Legislative Assembly. Speaking to reporters, he said that he will look into this and convene a meeting to discuss it and if there is a need to form a group to look into it, he will look into it. time, but the priority is to improve the AD Rule.
On the other hand, these three organizations said that the state government should come forward to say something as it has expressed its opposition to this bill of the central government at this time when the government needs the most. FKJGP President Welbirth Rani, HNYF Secretary Sadon K Blah and RBYF Shillong President B. Thangkhiew said that the government should come forward and speak out against this evil intention of the central government. , November 30: Ri Khasi today celebrated the 156th death anniversary of Kiangnangbah, the freedom fighter from the hands of the foreigners, on the excessive collection of taxes by the people of Rilum. Jaintia is not in the French.
Those who were able to attend the meeting discussed the issue and the meeting lasted for two hours. It was agreed to establish this Synjur of Rangbah Kur.
The State Government has written to the Central Government to assist in paying the remaining light bill. The Central Government has directed the State Government to take loans from SBI. The government is now looking into when to turn off the lights so that it will not affect the studies of the students during the examination, he said.
According to sources, four suspected GNLA militants entered the residence of Naga M. Sangma at 7:30 pm on Friday in Gasaupara and abducted him. from this bag.
According to the government, the group brought with them equipment to look inside the coal mine which was filled with water to find the dead. in this coal mine in Jiantia Hills.
It is learned that the NSCN-K militants from the extortion department are using the Jiantia Hills as their headquarters for extortion and purchase of weapons. shot.
The book tells us that it has the answers that we must act on," he said.
At this meeting, the union demanded that the office of the Mawlai Block should be located within the border of Mawlai.
During the meeting, the Village Leaders through the Union expressed their concern regarding the development works. The Prime Minister explained that the development works coming from the Central Government should not be delayed because of the The construction of the development projects does not mean that the area will go to Meghalaya or to Assam.
“Out of 11 districts, only 1093 people have come forward for examination and out of them 15 have been found to have tuberculosis and 71 have to be examined at Shillong Civil Hospital,” she said. Dr.Mawlong.
She said she is confident that the depot at Moinarband, which was inaugurated today, will help meet the fuel demand of the entire Barak Valley along with Tripura, Manipur and Mizoram.
In talks with the Central Government, it was said that the price fixed is five times the price of Internet from Chennai. to talk between the Government of India and the Government of Bangladesh to arrange for the price reduction so that it can be accepted.
Inspecting the progress of the works, he directed the officials to complete the first phase of the harbor trail before November
Samla Kharkamni said that the KSU strongly condemns the KPLT members for shooting at a puh shilum in Umlaper village one day before the polling day. (JCB) at 8 pm to intimidate the people not to go to Meghalaya to vote for the Lok Sabha elections.
“To prevent people from staying overnight in the shops in Iewduh, the meeting has decided not to allow anyone to stay in the shops,” said Bah Pynïaid.
The Minister said that other colleges affiliated to NEHU whether belonging to the state government or private sector, the students who study in such colleges do not have to write this examination.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) in 1948 states that this is the right of man to enjoy protection which cannot be taken away from him.
Explaining the Bill, the MLA of Umroi said that the Bill was introduced to have a law to protect children with disabilities as this affects them. This Bill, if passed into law, will help children to receive special assistance from the government.
The Prime Minister has spoken about the North East and Meghalaya many times since the beginning of the programme.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, most of those who tested positive today are those who have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. Hills has 141 members.
Robert said that if the state gets the Inner Line Permit, the Infiltration Department will look after the entry of foreigners and the clean-up of its work is like a preparation. Shillong, July 09: Police of Ri Bhoi District at the Toll Gate Plaza in 9th meter of Ri Bhoi District have deported 10 people who came to the Toll Gate Plaza in Ri Bhoi District. I don't want to enter Meghalaya because I don't have the right to prove that I'm an Indian citizen.
This also affects the money of the middle income people,” said Myntri Rangbah Duh.
About 1170 trainees have registered and 860 have received certificates.
On this occasion, the President also launched the Agartala-Khongsang Janshatabdi Express and the Agartala-Kolkata Express from Agartala Railway Station.
The Circle has demanded from the Government through the PWD (Roads) Department to immediately install a Zebra Crossing on Iewrynghep Road and Nongkwar Petrol Pump Road. Zebra Crossings should also be installed in the most important places especially along the road from Mawlai Umthlong to Mawiongrim especially in the areas where there are many schools so that it will be convenient for the students if they need to cross from one side to the other. street.
Shillong, June 24: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the incident in Mawryngkang village on the allegation of rape.
Shillong, June 10: The first meeting of the newly established NITI Forum for North East was held in Agartala, Tripura today.
Nongrang will make a name for herself as the first woman DGP in the state and from the state. This is also an honor for the women of Meghalaya.
It is to be recalled that for more than a year, the union has taken seriously this issue which has affected the health of the children and the state government has issued a notification through the Governor on the 11th. Feb 2019, in which the size and weight of books for students in different grade levels has been clearly stated.
In this regard , what remains is that the government will have to make rules on how church leaders , pastors and priests have to report to the Marriage Officers They shall not be able to count how much they have written in three months or in ten years.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Wansalan said that out of the 11 participants, 10 participants won medals, 4 gold medals, 4 gold medals and 4 gold medals. 4 bronze medals, 2 silver medals and this is a great joy.
The salary for LP Schools is about T.132 crore per annum and for UP Schools is about T.165/- crore per annum and the total per annum is T.298 crore. /- crore per annum, the Central Government will spend T.266.10 crore and the lower Government will spend T.32.19 crore per annum.
The government has decided to set up a new police force.
Shillong, July 07: U Stanliwiss Rymbai, MLA of the Congress party from Umroi constituency, who has lost his ticket from Umroi constituency, today announced that he will contest the upcoming MLA election. you are a private candidate.
The ability to run this school for so many years is due to the blessings of the Lord from above.
They also added that the Council officials have been traveling around the Jaintia Hills to look after this issue to prevent foreigners from earning without proper documents.
Gangopadhyay said the website of the university is www.TechnoglobalUniversity.com and the website which has been created by the university to defame the university in the state is www.TechnoglobalUniversity.org.
On the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the CAA, NESO today in all the states of the North East has held a flag raising ceremony at cities to inform the central government that as NESO they cannot be accepted in this Act.
It is alleged that the delay in the release of the shallans is due to the illegal mining of coal. The present government has sent the same letters without changing the comma or full stop, the only difference is the signature signed by the previous government. Dr Mukul Sangma and Conrad K Sangma signed the agreement.
Sumit Kumar Sinha, 39, of New Majai, Bholaganj and Rabindra Deka, 27, of Khatarobori, Bhurbandha have been arrested. Marigaon, Assam: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force of East Jaintia Hills District have arrested two persons while they were on their way from Assam to Shillong.
The two youngsters who represented India include Liza Muktieh from Lumdaitkhla and Fragrance Riwan from Lawbah.
Shillong, July 14: The Youth of Kur Ryntathiang on 12/1/17 held a football match to mark the National Youth Day. Smuggler.
In the opinion of the union, Ramesh Thapa should have been handed over to the Meghalaya Police as the FIR has been lodged with the Meghalaya Police.
In Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, a 20-year-old girl has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station that an unidentified man has touched her body in Nongpyndeng. 6.15 pm pm.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Kimfa said that he personally visited the village today to see the incident in Umwali village as it still falls under the Rambrai Constituency.
Referring to the Them Metor, he said that this is within this constituency and the government has done its duty but there are those who oppose it. do what you have to do.
Every resident has the right to express their grievances, but while the police department is conducting an investigation into this incident, such allegations against the KSU are unacceptable and This will cause misunderstanding among the citizens of the state," he said.
The Gati Shakti Chair initiative aims to promote stronger relationships between government and academia, leading to stronger and better research in multi-faceted logistics and stronger supply chains.
In this regard, he also spoke on the Indo-Bangladesh Agreement on Land Exchange, which has already been approved through the initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and also the initiative to amend the Indo-Bangladesh Agreement. The 100-year-old Indian Forest Act has been passed to encourage the marketing of forest products.
This is very helpful in the planning, execution and monitoring of projects.
He appealed to the drivers to be patient as passengers have their own characteristics.
The demand of the teachers is that the government should release the Service Rule of the teachers as at present the government has already drafted the Service Rule.
Last month, the recruiters had met with the Secretary of the Central Recruitment Board, Mary TG Sangma but she had directed them to meet with the Secretary of Personnel & AR Department of the State Government for more information.
This is the second time that he as a volunteer from the area has submitted a petition to the State Government since the previous government.
Shillong, March 10: The MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) has decided to hold a strike by holding a flag to demand that the Corporation MPWU President Bah Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Giri said that the MPWU has written to the corporation authorities to discuss the demand. but there was no call as they had scheduled at the end of today.
The incident happened at Rambrai village in West Khasi Hills District.
According to the official figures, 96,710 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,050 have recovered and 1,622 have died.
The number of samples taken so far is 1,12,221, 1,07,737 have tested negative and 869 samples are pending and 35,165 have returned to the state.
The two-day National Games Outreach Summit 2019 was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Sports Department of the Government of Meghalaya on the 19th and 20th of this month. to provide advice and training on how to promote sports in Meghalaya.
Replying to a question on the incident in Sohshrieh, the Minister of Home Affairs said in the House that on the 8th of this month, police received a tip that Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma were arrested. They were injured in the shooting by unknown persons.
The date of the election will be announced later.
Robert E.Dkhar (Vice President DCC, WK Hills), Bah.
On the other hand, GHP Raju IG Law and Order urged the public to have confidence in the rules laid down by the NHRC regarding the deaths of people inside the police station. “If the protests continue, it will strengthen the insurgents,” he said.
The body of the woman was found below Wei Thangdkhar, Wah Niamra, Mawshbuit by three children who went to the river.
The government has now prepared this bill to find ways and means how to prevent the influx of foreigners. mind to the government for the best.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Biangbor Paliar said that every nation has its heroes who fought against the challenges and challenges with the sword but the poet Soso Tham fought with the sword. writings that have survived and have survived to this day and that are an example for the nation.
Whether it is sickness, poverty, suffering and others.
For example, the word 'manjur' which comes from the words 'mon' and 'jur' which means strong desire, which is slow and has nothing to do with the Hindi word 'manzoor' which means allowed. (allowance).
Marbela Mawroh, mother of Palden Mawroh, said that she is happy to see the youth of the state who have reached the highest levels of competition. The State does not have such training centers in this regard.
Shillong, July 15: HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani and General Secretary Kyllang Thongni today met with Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Meghalaya and Chairman of the National Assembly. The Regional Committee is not responsible for the West Khasi Hills District.
U Bah Sohtun was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment and police are conducting a post-mortem to find out the cause of the incident.
During the search, police recovered nine small soap boxes containing drugs.
Shillong, June 16: A total of 121 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, 5 in East Jaintia Hills and 80 in East Khasi Hills. , North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 5, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 26, the total number of cases is
Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19 Shillong South and the members of the committee discussed in detail the issues they have submitted in their petition to the Union Home Minister.
Speaking to media, MEMRIWU President Roypar Kharaswai said that today these employees marched from the office of EMRI 108 to Student Ground. They urged the government to take over the department under the control of the state government as this year the company GVK will expire in October.
Other speakers at the inauguration ceremony were the Governor of Meghalaya Ganga Prasad, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of agriculture in the state.
““We urge the Government not to prolong the fire.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Commissioner and Secretary, Dr Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Isawanda Laloo, Director of Sports, Dr. MSOA President John F Kharshiing, MSOA members and children.
Shillong, July 02: A special police team deployed to raid illegal liquor outlets has seized 2.18 lakh liters of liquor from different places in the city.
This group will strengthen the work of the Dorbar Shnongs to curb drug trafficking in the villages and rape of women and children, in collaboration with the villages, the Hima Sima and the The District Council will have no problem in maintaining peace and order in the villages.
The branch manager of SBI Khliehrait was released after he had a syrnot that he did not have anything. He was tested positive for COVID-1
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns this action of the district authorities even though the union has been conducting protests without any interference with the movement of anyone but the district authorities. On the other hand, the district authorities are trying to distract the members of the Seng.
This statement was sent by Samla Lurman B Talang, General Secretary.
"This opportunity has come after 60 years and it's truly an honor," he added.
He said that soon we will see the opportunities available in this technology.
The fire broke out at a time when there were no people in the house as the occupants of the house were on their way to work and the early arrival of the fire trucks prevented more damage. , but it was said that the houses inside the house were destroyed.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, North Garo Hills, Resubelpara has conducted a training for parents on how to protect their children. their.
The tree planting ceremony was inaugurated by MLA George B Lyngdoh in the presence of NEPA Director K Ramachandran IPS. Road with Bougainvillea trees, is to welcome the people who come to Shillong.
At the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that as their leader, he will continue to strive to help as much as possible for these workers who have worked hard to fight against this disease in Meghalaya. Shillong, July 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle has expressed its full support to all the Dorbar Shnongs of Jaiaw Pyllun and Mawlai. These CRPF camps are located at Mawlai Nongkwar, which is the site of Arts and Culture and also at the Arts and Culture Centre. The CRPF camp is located at Mawlai Bridge, which falls under the Jaiaw Dorbar District.
This place will attract people from all over the world not only from Meghalaya or India and this place will be one of the world tourist destinations.
These fake flags, which were made to promote the Voice of the People Party (VPP), were found on the roof of the hospital, after the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) came into force. The reporter was walking in front of the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that necessary training should be given to the health workers so that they can use the health equipment so that they can use it properly.
He said that in this meeting, Lafarge and the Dorbar Shnong have reached an agreement, but they cannot distribute it to the public because there is a rule between the village and Lafarge. he directed the public reading of this treaty.
Shillong, Nail 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawryngkneng Circle has strongly condemned the silence of the MLA of the constituency, Bah David Nongrum in the Legislative Assembly on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and Other demands were made by protesters carrying placards.
The Minister said that the speed of opening of medical colleges in Uttar Pradesh will open up opportunities for young people to study to become doctors.
However, in view of the State budget and the need to establish a good foundation for these visits, it was decided that from now on, the foreign visits of Heads of State Government including contract workers will be long only twice in one fiscal year.
Now it is up to the nation to decide how to move forward.
Theodora Wanjee, another member of the SHG, said that their SHG has received many benefits.
The meeting was conducted by Boby Basaiawmoit General Secretary of HANM.
The JNC-Mid East Unit urges the Executive Engineer, Khliehriat Division to look into the problems of these nine villages and to provide electricity to these nine villages just like other villages in the district. them only in the darkness of the night.
“At this time, it is necessary for the people to show the way and ensure that the AMSU will continue to be a non-political group but to hold bloodless protests.
Officers and employees of the Regional Outreach Bureau and Press Information Bureau took part in the Freedom Run today.
They will come together at the Statue of Unity in Ekta Nagar (Kevadia), Gujarat on 31st November,
The festival will run from 8th to 11th November
In fact, before calling any meeting with other constituencies, there should be a meeting of the EC of 17North Shillong in the presence of all the members.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District today visited the BOP at Khanduli in the middle of the cross-border clashes between Assam and Assam. and Meghalaya.
The names of the 55 candidates who have been announced today are as follows.
Before leaving for Guwahati to meet the Chief Minister of Assam, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has convened a meeting of the Presidents of the parties in the MDA government to discuss with them the issue. and this boundary work.
Four students from each school were selected for the competition. Two students took part in Slogan Writing and 2 students in Drawing.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal Secretary, CEO, MSSDS, Bah DP Wahlang, Executive Director, MSSDS, Bah B. Hajong and Labor Commissioner, Bah B. Live.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Health and Family Welfare Bah AL Hek and Minister in charge of GAD Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday visited the Visiting the injured who are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that for the year 2020-2021 the allocation is T.5 crore and for the fiscal year 2021-2022, Rs. lakh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Syiemlieh said that the central theme of this event is to showcase the skills of the people of this area in the field of manufacturing. manufacturers and consumers meet.
He said that the reason why he has to say that is because the government has not been able to provide salaries to the teachers as the government has done to the government employees.
“AJYWO strongly opposes the issue of Work Permit for Bangladeshis.
He said that reading good books will help to improve one's knowledge.
Shillong, July 01: The Superintendent of Police (F&ES), Shillong, today said that due to the increasing number of robberies and theft of cables in Shillong, the operation of landline and broadband has been affected. According to the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) authorities, there will be a temporary outage.
Furthermore, the union has also received information that there has been a bomb blast to release the youths who have been arrested in police custody where some of them have been injured and have marks on their bodies.
According to our traditions, this development comes from the work of the people of the country and their cooperation with the government authorities.
According to the IMD, all districts in the state are still at risk and the department has directed the district authorities to be vigilant and take measures according to the needs to prevent the spread of the disease. Matsiewdor War said that the SDMA has also sent information to the public through mobile phones, how to act in case of changes in the weather and how to take precautionary measures. such as those cases.
Babu SS Majaw also expressed his regret that the State Government has been too late to go to Delhi to lock the door for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
At present, the reservation policy does not provide for any discrimination against PwDs.
Yesterday and today, 25th June, Assam Police came to Psiar village and closed down the Sub-Centre and expelled the staff (nurses) and took away the signboard of the sub. center and ordered the employees not to come to work and when they were asked to provide a written notice, these policemen could not provide it,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Psiar.
Speaking to reporters, he said that this scheme was sent while he was in charge of the PWD department and the Government of India is looking into the scheme. The traffic on this road and now this task is still with the Central Government.
The party also urges the people of the state to cooperate with the government in order to eradicate this terrible disease.
The CEM of KHADC said that this is only a decision and the details will be in the Bill which will be introduced in the House when they meet again next month.
The cleanliness drive was carried out under the supervision of Drunkwell Khongkrom, Lahshwa Khongsni, Koneda Khongtiang, Orin Thamand Kumarbha Khongknaw. take care of these kinds of trees.
Rev. Moolachira said that peace is what is needed at this time.
BSF said the suspect was identified as Toren Sangma, 25 years old.
Regarding the demand that the state government should allocate more funds for the teachers, the education department has already sent to the state government, what the state has contributed is only 10%. The government will set up an Education Commission which will be discussed in April
Before submitting the report, all the departments of the central government were invited to discuss the issue and they accepted the allegation that the central government wants to use “All government officials, including the President of the country, Union Ministers who can write and speak Hindi, have been invited to The Central Government, in acceptance of this recommendation, has sent this resolution on 31st October 2017, and the recommendation of the Committee has been clear and it is only a request, not a commandment.
Speaking to SP News Agency, NESO President Samuel Jyrwa confirmed that the Supreme Court of India will hear the petition tomorrow morning. region.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the person who tested positive for COVID-19 in Umroi was inside the Army Camp in Rangment. You have been placed in quarantine.
Regarding this incident, the union has received information that some of the drivers of the ambulance at Mawkyrwat Corona Care Center have tested positive, some of them have been quarantined and some of them are on duty in Ranikor.
In his speech, the Chief of Army Staff spoke on the modern security measures with special reference to the North East of India.
Shillong, March 15: The residents of Dolong Pohali village today found a strange song in the river and when they searched it, they found a child. wrapped in plastic.
A Garo man has been arrested near the Assam-Meghalaya border at Dudhnoi village with counterfeit money.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Coordination Committee of the NDA (NDA) today held a meeting in Shillong in the presence of the President of the BJP and office bearers.
The CSWO has alleged that it was politicians who formed the HLF in 2009 but it was dissolved because it was formed by politicians.
Looking at the SSLC results across the state, the pass percentage was 55.80 percent compared to 51.93 percent last year.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Five candidates from four political parties who are preparing to contest the elections to the Legislative Assembly from four constituencies in Ri Bhoi District, today completed their nominations. today to register themselves with their returning officers.
Wellbirth Rani, President of FKJGP, said:
During the inspection, the purpose of the inspection was to find out whether there are still places where the road can be improved to facilitate the passage of two vehicles. by removing the electricity poles, by slightly narrowing the footpaths.
The death toll has risen to 9 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. until today.
Syngkon, who won the MLA election in 2013 as an independent candidate, supported the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state. Shillong, Naiwieng 18: It will be the first time between India and Myanmar that the army has been appointed as the Parliamentary Secretary of the MUA-II government. of these two shall hold a physical training at Umroi, or a special training.
He said that the citizens of the country are now coming together to build this country.
India is the world's third largest producer of pharmaceuticals.
The Government has turned the Anjalee parking lot into a jhur market where farmers from all over the country can come and sell their jhur on the highest floor and on the lowest floor. Vehicles coming from Assam have been allowed to unload jhur at this place and trucks carrying jhur have been allowed to park at this place.
The tournament was organized with the aim of promoting football in South West Khasi Hills District especially among the children who still have time to develop in their sporting careers.
He is the patron saint of the protectors who seek help to recover the lost and cannot be found.
At the same time, he urged the people not to be harassed by the robbers.
Coal India Limited's 100 HP water pumps have also arrived at the site and preparations for the installation of these heavy water pumps are in progress and it is expected to start tomorrow morning. pumping water from the crane.
From the first day that she (Bah Tarson) helped, even in the meetings and meetings, she was present.
Thus, businesses and individuals can benefit from high-speed internet, network strength and digital access.
Mowkaiaw United Democratic Party NUJORKI SUNGOH (WINNER),
The Act of 1985 states that it is permissible to dissolve a party if one-third of the leaders of any party (Seng) decide to leave the party and such defection shall be deemed to be a becoming a member of the merger.
Furthermore, there is an expenditure of T.804.75 crore (Revenue T.24.40 crore, Capital T.780.36 crore) without Supplementary/Re-appropriation on 12 subjects, 5 Grants and one by Non-Grant.
The Southern Border Sports Association (SAA) has organized this football tournament to promote the talents of the youth in Ranikor. Constituency where no other players from outside the Constituency have been allowed.
Petrol in Byrnihat will now cost T.95.10 tyngka, Shillong will cost 96.83 tyngka and Diesel in Byrnihat will cost T.83.50 tyngka. while in Shillong it will be 84.05 tyngka.
The entry points at the NHAI toll gate at 20 mer have been set aside for government officials, one for country vehicles and one for heavy vehicles, for those traveling from Shillong to Guwahati and also for those traveling from Shillong to Guwahati. i am from Guwahati.
West Garo Hills Police Chief Mukesh Singh said they have evidence that this group killed the workers in recent days and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, the taxi drivers demanded that the government should increase the price of fuel or increase the fare, because to earn at the old price set by the government they can no longer save because they have to pay the taxes and provide for the household.
Those who escaped are I Love You Talang, who was arrested on charges of murder, Rameshem Dkhar, both of whom were arrested recently on charges of mismanagement. Damehipaia Papeng and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh were arrested last month.
Guwahati, Naiwieng 13: You can call them insurgents, armed groups, or anything else, but they come to one goal and that is to find ways and means to bring about development. and stability.
Regarding the demand for the establishment of a Boundary Commission, Kharbani said the MHA has sent a letter to the CS Division which is responsible for the demarcation of all the states within its jurisdiction. Northeast India.
Kshetrimayum Jack Singh (2:19) from Manipur was the winner.
In the boys' category, Ri-Bhoi District beat West Jaintia Hills District 1-0 and this was the most precious goal for Ri-Bhoi District. the pia you gave to Rishchem the king.
Since the autumn months they have promised to act, but so far they have done nothing.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 236 cases, 179 cases from BSF, 5 cases from the Army and 52 cases from other civilians.
Samla Banshai said that this demand of the majority should be considered immediately without delay and also that the boundary of the Mawsynram Hima should be considered and written down in accordance with the rules of procedure. which are the new customs of the Hima which have been preserved by the Longshuwa ki Manshuwa until these days, so that once again we can see and bring about many changes according to the passage of time. the sacredness and distinctiveness of the Khasi people.
The law enforcement agencies of Meghalaya have done everything necessary to track down the perpetrators and the Chief Minister has promised that those perpetrators will be punished according to the law. .
In the introduction of the amendments to the rules regarding the opening of shops whether in rural or urban areas, these shops should still be closed especially in those areas which have been renovated. containment zones in the States and Union Territories.
He said that the Dy.SP has personally visited the CDA and CBCC today to check whether there are still any people living in temporary shelters.
The Sixth Schedule stipulates that these tribal areas shall be autonomous districts and shall be governed by Autonomous District Councils.
Several women who are concerned about the death of a Martial Art teacher, Bah Donnie Rani, who runs a school for Karate, Kickboxing and other sports, have been arrested. The school is located in Laitkor village in Kynton U Mon district.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh in a written reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha today.
In this meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs did not give any answer whether yes or no but what is interesting is that he has been informed by what they have said regarding the ILP. On his part, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar.
The meeting was also attended by the Village Authority of Umwali Village. They also informed the Minister of Home Affairs about the problems they face as the villagers. who are in this area.
“Other issues like the railway, the Inner Line Permit, the State Reservation Policy, the protection of values The environment and the border dispute with Assam, these are the issues that we have to think about and think carefully by putting forward something that will benefit everyone and will not be a hindrance to development. Meghalaya's future.
In fact, it can be found that the children, youth and elderly people from the state who have the skills in their jobs, but have been misled by the colors of society.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police (DSP) has informed the public that trucks coming from Jaintia Hills will not be allowed to enter Shillong from 10 am to 10 pm. at 12 pm from the 27th of this month to the 1st of April.
When SP News Agency spoke to the shopkeepers around the area, they said that they are in danger especially during the strong wind which can collapse at any time.
“After we showed them the rules, which we discussed according to the law, it was difficult for them to say that the Government's action was not wrong.
Two persons were arrested in the seizure of the vehicle. The smugglers were smuggling Shini to Bangladesh, but the smugglers were not arrested. I was allowed to enter Bangladesh.
There have been 458 recoveries today, most of them from East Khasi Hills District 127. The total number of recoveries in the state is 50,794 people.
Shillong City wishes Dr Kharlukhi all the best for his progress and especially for the welfare and security of the state and the country and the nation as a whole. .
The SP of South West Garo Hills, R Muthu, said that police have not yet been able to say whether they are members of the GNLA or ASAK. the forest is not covered.
Hearing this, the Court decided that the case will be heard together with another case from Kerala as it has a connection with the case filed by the State Government against the college teachers. The Meghalaya High Court has ruled that Bolej teachers can take part in political activities by becoming members of political parties.
Shillong, November 03: U Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma today said that when the government appoints people in positions, especially within MeECL, it is not too late. Then the government looks at those who can do the job.
According to the complaint filed by Banerjee, the theft happened on 12/12/2023 at 8.30 pm, while the complaint was lodged with the police on the 30th. /12/2023 that unidentified criminals have stolen goods.
"“BSF troops patrolling the Zero Line have raided the residential areas to search the Mawkyrwat-Ranikor road at Khatphra and Mawsynram-Ranikor road at and the city of Balat.
When you say 'shongkha' whether it is a woman or a man, you should know two things or two kur before you marry to improve the longkur longkha, to avoid bloodshed, injury, jot ka pra, dies middle aged.
However, the truth is that many of these projects have been affected in Garo Hills.
There will be a picketing office on the 13th November across Meghalaya and in Garo Hills there will be a night roadblockade on the 10th and 11th November from 8:00 pm to 5:00 pm. morning.
Since 2016, Grade C and Grade D employees have been handed over to the recruitment teams, but those who have been recruited are those recruited by NEHU. working for almost 30 years it is on this basis that they are asking for confirmation.
Police have rushed to patrol the area and the police who were present at the time were one ABSI from the SF-10, three SF-10 police and the driver. to the police car.
Former Minister of State for Forests Bah JM Parait, PCCF CP Marak also delivered speeches.
The Chief Minister said that Justice Waiphei, besides being the Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission, has been given an independent hand to investigate the case. this happened.
At the same time, the Chief Minister urged all the players to come and take part in the Chief Minister's Golf Tournament which will start on the 23rd of November.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, confirmed that the South East Khasi Hills District will be given if not this year. next year.
According to some women who were present at the time, the driver of the Tata Nano and a friend of his were already drunk and the people fled and left the vehicle. The family members of the woman lodged an FIR at the Police Anti Dacoity Camp Police Station in Lumshnong on the same day.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that steps should be taken to speed up the completion of insurance payments so that those who deserve to benefit can receive them on time.
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya Joint Council of Trade Unions and Association (ITA) has held a meeting for 7 days at the ITEF Conference Hall to discuss many issues related to the recent events in the state. other.
She said that after seeing that the government has put in place the Revised Guidelines without issuing a notification, the youths immediately came forward to express their opposition to this by informing the authorities. see also the Department of Works.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The MPUF and the Hynniewtrep Students Union (HPU) have demanded that the government should remove the weight bridge at 7 mer Jaintia Hills district. to the people of the area.
This 100th anniversary celebration will last for 10 years.
The States were reminded that the supply of vaccines by the Central Government is the lowest and that the Central Government will deliver more vaccines to the States according to their needs and use. but the medicines are not given.
At the Lyngwiar Thohdur which was held for about 40 days at ICSSR, NEHU, there was also a discussion between the experts from both sides to showcase their skills and explain the nature of Thohdur. in the country of Lajong.
Because Khanduli is a village in Meghalaya.
Inconvenience caused is highly regretted.
Police have arrested Joshua Khiangte, 36, and Joel, both from Tripura. When they searched their plates, they found 11 boxes of soap. give you drugs.
The training center will be very large and the selection of West Garo Hills is because the Union Ministry of Minorities in India after a thorough inspection has found that it is only West Garo Hills. Garo Hills District which should have received the funds.
The North Korean Government is closely monitoring any tourists entering the country.
However, the District Council has not accepted the government's announcement that it will not affect the District Council Courts. The Executive Committee will take the opinion of the District Council Leader. The government should not issue a government announcement.
We will come out every day at PTS Golflink as the Central Recruitment Board is there and we will ask the employers on what rules they want to do this,” she said. to the young seekers to come forward and without unity we cannot reach chess.
The deterioration of this road has affected more and more especially from Phlangwanbroi area upwards including Tlongpleng, Pyndensohsaw to Balat.
The office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block, Mairang today conducted an M-Tab distribution program under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning scheme. The Aid Scheme to the students of Class XI for the year 2022-2023 was held at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang. The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang was the chief guest.
Shillong, November 26: The BSF has seized 1327 cows so far and placed them at BSF camps across Meghalaya.
The problems affecting the road cause first of all the impact on the traffic of the public especially in the case of shtiom disease which is an important part of the road such as not used when chasing rather than proper treatment.
Togadia said that the NRC should take the year 1951 as the year of census. , as it is now, the NRC has accepted 1971 as the year of registration.
In 2014, Vincent H Pala was re-elected as MP for the second time and in 2019, he won the Lok Sabha elections for the fourth time.
There are 594 cases in the state and 338 recoveries. The total number of cases by district, East Khasi Hills has 488 cases, BSF 189 cases, civilians 240 cases and of the regiments were 59 men.
On the opposition side, HM Shangpliang, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Azad Zaman, George B Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, Opposition Leaders PT Sawkmie, Mohendro Rapsang, Zenith Sangma, Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, July 25: All India Trinamool Congress Chairman Mamata Banerjee today announced the names of the candidates for the 2023 MLA elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.), Minister of DoNER, Vice Chairman, NEC, G. Kishan Reddy, Minister of Law Kiren Rijiju, Minister in charge of Home Affairs Sarbanada Sonowal.
The government has decided to allow construction works in Shillong and areas under the Mylliem C&RD Block from Monday.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting between the PAC members and the education department officials, the PAC suggested to the state education department to seek They have decided how to improve education in the state by using the money received from various government agencies in the form of Cess.
Shillong, January 24: I'm sister.
The sun shines to give light to all.
According to the villagers, the snowfall has been severe as until this morning the cold is still in the lowlands and until the sngu has risen, there is no water.
He said that the Committee has summoned all the people involved in this matter before the Committee.
Upon receiving the information, these journalists immediately informed the SP of East Khasi Hill District for assistance, as well as from Ri Bhoi District. The DGP has sent the Nongmynsong Police and SOT to come and assist them at that time.
After investigation, the Investigating Officer (IO) has charged the three persons under Section 302/201/34 IPC. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has convicted Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang for involvement in the murder under Section 302 IPC. ) has strongly condemned the action of a policeman dressed in blue uniform, who threw a stun grenade at one of the shops of a Khasi woman.
Shillong, Lber 07: MeECL today sent its personnel to cut off the electricity supply to the residents of Maxweltone Estate in Laban, until At the time of writing, it is not known how many houses have been destroyed.
The examination was conducted at 32 centers in colleges and schools. I. Wankhar, Examination Supervisor, MPSC, said that the MCS examination will be conducted in three parts. it is the Prelims, the Main and the interview.
On the other hand, Bah Passi recalled that earlier these people had started to change the name of this place to Trot Sing Colony.
Speaking to reporters, the party leader Seshadri Chari said that as of now, 50,000 party members from 646 districts of India have visited 149 districts. Only 11 border checkpoints with other countries in Meghalaya have been completed so far.
“The purpose is to explain to the speakers how to speak and not to speak slowly and when they speak slowly people refuse.
The cases that have been settled today are the Miscellaneous Appeal (MCA), four.
Police have recovered 40 soap boxes containing 423.09 grams of heroin, two mobile phones and a motor bike (ML 05 R-5271) from their bodies. According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, Bah S.Nongtnger, the police have registered a case at Rynjah Police Station. 21(b)/21(c)/25/29 NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
This has created problems and affected especially the poor people who can no longer afford to buy drinking water,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Powel D Sohklet Secretary Shillong Press Club, said that as a Khasi people, there is a shortage of writers, not only those who write books, but also those who write articles. rarely does he encourage them to be brave enough to write.
The film is directed by Bah Wanphrang K. Diengdoh and will be screened for the first time at Don Bosco Youth Center Shillong at 4.30 pm.
Bah Brian has worked tirelessly for many years to research and disseminate information about the crematoria in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Conrad K Sangma today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan to submit a letter of request to form the Government of Meghalaya with 28 MLAs, 26 from On the same day, Cornad K Sangma also handed over his resignation letter from the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya to allow the formation of a new government after the elections. The NPP has recently left to form a government in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest congratulated the NGOs who have struggled from time to time to find ways and means to provide protection and bring back a new life to those who have been victims of violence. haka drinking alcohol.
At the meeting of the Ma family.
In an effort to reduce the influx of people to Shillong, the government has already decided to close non-shops from the 26th of this month. This is to prevent the arrival of people in Shillong.
Speaking briefly before distributing the aid to the residents of Wahthapbroo, he said that in the fight against COVID-19, the government alone cannot do anything but there is a need for cooperation from all sides as a people.
Tura, Naitung 22: Meghalaya Police today handed over the body of Miah, 30, to his family in Manchachar, Assam.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, said that the symptoms of COVID-19 are the same, such as headache, cough, shortness of breath or shortness of breath. severe diarrhea those are the same.
Shillong, March 21: World Vision India in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Laitkyrhong, Laitkyrhong Sports Club and other NGOs of Mawkynrew area has conducted an awareness program on the issue of phang middle “To cleanse ourselves of evil deeds”.
The construction of this office has not been completed but it has been opened for the purpose of carrying out the work of the Block from this new office.
He said that in fact as a group they are ready to distribute only to those who sell land but those who came to receive this assistance are also others who are in the area. They tried to help as much as they could.
We heard the presentation from the company and then invited people to give whatever presentation they felt like.
“The Government will subsidize 18% of the 5,000 women's health centres,” she added.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister urged the parents to suffer temporarily and the government not to take the ksew to the shelters because if they take the ksew, the ksew will have to be fed. they shall work together with the government.
The meeting was convened by Shillong College, which is a college of environmental studies.
Two bodies of foreigners were found on Tuesday evening at Ichamati and Dalda villages under Shella Police Station.
The UDP leader said that in public administration there is a need for an opposition leader in the Legislative Assembly.
The purpose of the construction of this road is to connect Nongstoin, the capital of West Khasi Hills District, with Assam. The road will provide convenience to the people traveling from Nongstoin to Assam.
The closure of schools will apply to all schools, government and private schools as well.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The ICAR Umiam in collaboration with the Inner Wheel Club of Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya Youth Foundation (MYF) has organized a distribution of food items at Mawpyrshong village in East Khasi Hills District.
The border agreement between India and Bangladesh was restored in 1974 and in 2010 there was a social agreement between the two countries and in 2011 there was an amendment to the Constitution. The Constitutions of these countries were amended in
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a notice on 18th July
As promised during the election, Bah Eugeneson said that he has followed in the footsteps of his father and this is one of the things that has been achieved because on this day the foundation stone was laid. Construction of four kilometer footpath from Pomlum to Sadew at a cost of T.4.91 crore.
On this occasion, various churches and Rangbah Shnongs expressed their gratitude to their MLA Bah Sanbor for making this event possible. There are all kinds of religions that have burial grounds in this place.
As an organization we are very concerned to talk about this issue and we cannot see, but we feel that there is a call for us to urge everyone to do something to protect the environment.
This law shall not apply on Sundays.
On the other hand, the police at this meeting showed how the police department has done to protect women from discrimination including discrimination by employees in their homes according to the Domestic Violence Act 2000.
KSU Barak Valley Circle Vice President Comely Gassah said they have already met with the Chief Minister of Assam, the Governor of Assam and the Minister of Minorities in Assam to discuss the issue. He spoke to them regarding the problems faced by the Khasi-Pnars in Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi which do not fall under any jurisdiction of the Autonomous District Councils.
In the morning, the civil society groups met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to take action in this regard.
“The people are disappointed with the Meghalaya government because of how the police from Assam have come to violence in their area (which falls under Meghalaya).
He also urged the Village Authorities to inform the names of the Presidents and Secretaries of the Kur Dorbars or Seng Kur.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ordered the repair of the roads around the market during the COVOD-19 pandemic.
The surprising thing is how he can claim to be the president of 17North after he has already tried to get tickets from other parties from 19 Jaiaw Constituency.
According to Mondal, the bridge is expected to last for 20 years and the Government will have to take care after the repairs.
On the other hand, the JSU would like to ask the PWD where is the Minor Repairing of the PWD Jowai Central Division where the public has to walk on the road like when they used to ride old horse cars.
Furthermore, as the Government has announced to re-open the Community Isolation Centers in many areas, it should also appoint qualified nurses who have completed their training and not only ASHAs. The ISC will not be able to treat those affected by COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 05: The appointment of Bah Bindo M Lanong as MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been a great benefit at this time of need because there is a need for elderly people, said the Chief Executive Officer of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Member for Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
From Garo Hills, the names of the candidates are 38 from Mendipathar, FW Momin, 39 from Resubelpara, TD Shira, 41 from Songsak, Nihim D Shira, 43 from Williamnagar, Marcuise N. Marak. , 44 – Raksamgre, Benedict Marak, 46 – Phulbari of Manirul Islam Sarkar, 47 – Rajabala of Dr. Mizanur Kazi, 48 – Selsella of FCA Sangma, 49 – Dadengre of James K. Sangma, and North Tura, Thomas A. Sangma of 51; South Tura, Agatha K. Sangma, Salmanpara of 55 and Siju Rongara of Rakkam Sangma.
There are 605 cases in the state, 446 cases in East Khasi Hills, 117 cases in BSF, 261 cases in civilians and 68 cases in Army.
(Retd.) AK Singh, PVSM, AVSM, SM, VSM. This appointment shall take effect from the date of assumption of office.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Wah Department of the State Government has set up offices in all districts of the state with the aim of ensuring that sellers and buyers are not cheated in the Wah Wah.
The management of the newspaper has offered to pay a monthly salary as an assistance to the employees.
These mynder, whom the Seng has arrested, are trying to smuggle scrap or jot with the intention of smuggling it into Assam. People from Assam have been able to travel freely during this time of covid-19, while even Meghalayans have been banned from traveling from one district to another.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah L Kharbani said that the dohum should be taken care of and protected so that it will be of benefit to the people living near the river as Meghalaya consumes imported fish and It is important to grow fish from this state so that the people don't have to wait for fish from other states to get fish.
Therefore, a Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) comprising examination experts and teachers has been set up by the NTA to look into these issues and to give its recommendations on this.
Students can check their results on the website www.nehu.
The reason for this decision is that there are land owners who have small farmland which is less than 150 acres from the ksainar shiah and they do not receive the payment from the government, because the government will pay. only the 11 meters it takes are not paid by the government.
At the same time, he said that the Nokmas should be vigilant lest the time come when people will become landless.
Speaking at the meeting, HFU President Commander Shangpliang said that the HFU has announced today that 2020 is the Year of Farmers and the government should recognize this. you are announced.
They also agreed to contribute to the cause for the welfare of the state they lead and the need for the development of the country.
: The Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, on the basis of evidence received from the investigation, has sentenced Tephor Wardkhar to imprisonment for up to 10 years. T.30,000 as a penalty under Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
At this meeting, they demanded that the entire North East should be exempted from the CAB. According to a statement sent, the Home Minister of India has promised to these four MPs that he will he will look into their demand and call for another consultation.
Regarding those with disabilities, to get ration for them, they have to get the approval of the social welfare department in charge of them. to the food distribution department to issue the ration card.
Bah Danny said that as the party, we will spread this message to the whole state that we should have order in our work, we should change our mindset and we should be respectful of the time when they work. This is the central theme of their meeting today.
The rally will be held at Madan Malki which will start at 2.00 pm and end at 5.00 pm. Seng, from the leaders of the Block Districts in the state.
Shillong, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohlya together with the Superintendent of Police and Company Commander of the CRPF today visited the polling stations on the Assam border.
“However, what is needed is to strengthen the authorities whether they are Syiems, Basans, Rangbah Shnongs or Lyngdohs with laws that can restore the customs and traditions of the Jaidbynriew,” he said. said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem who said that the government itself has not taken action in this regard to strengthen the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a directive to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) to send for eye treatment. all institutions and schools to be announced.
This statement was sent by Greaterson Nongsiang, President, KSU Nongtynniaw Unit.
NEC Chairman Amit Shah, who is also the Minister of Home Affairs, will chair the meeting.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MFMA) today celebrated its 13th anniversary.
The President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, Samla Reebokstar Diengdoh on Tuesday called upon the residents of Mawlong District to come out in order on the day of the illegal market opening in Kalibari. , by foreigners living in Ichamati and surrounding villages.
Streamlet Dkhar, Khasi Department, NEHU, Silvi Passah, Minimon Laloo, and WS Challam, Inspector of Schools, St Edmunds College.
In this demand of the KSU to remove these two from the post of Vice Chairman which they hold in the present government, they have mentioned many reasons which have led the KSU to demand from the post of Vice Chairman. The KSU said in a statement sent today that the government should immediately remove them from their posts.
U Bah Kharnaior said that the foreigner had come to the village to give training as directed by the government department, but he had used women to cook for him. The training has not started until the allegation.
The Commissioner Secretary, Ministry of Tourism, Government of Meghalaya, said that the entry and exit point at Umling will be operational from that day onwards. state.
Regarding the problem faced by the students in Jiantia Hills.
The PM SVANidhi is an initiative of the Government of India which aims to bring street vendors to a stable income and help them get credit.
At the public meeting, Nihim said he welcomed Dr Mukul Sangma to come to fight from Songsak and said the party would ensure that he was defeated.
Reports said that although the damage to the houses was severe due to the landslide and the storm, there was no casualty.
It is a matter of pride that India's national defense capabilities have increased manifold to cover all areas including land, air and sea.
The re-election of Strong P Kharjana as president of the party has been in the wrong direction, without strict compliance with the rules and regulations of the party, which we cannot accept.
One of the houses belonged to Twitina Nongneng and the other to Risuk Wanshong. Both of them were damaged in the incident.
Lber 01: The counting of votes started today from 8 am.
Regarding this demand of the MLA of Mawsynram, the Minister informed Bah HM Shangpliang that as soon as the new buses arrive, he will implement this demand for the benefit of the Mawsynram MLA. of the people.
Shillong, July 23: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one in South West Garo Hills and one in critical condition. 122 people in the State.
Speaking on the public-private partnerships in the past, the health minister expressed hope to see more such partnerships in the future. as part of the service to the community through the health department.
The president of BVKJDCDC Sebastian Pakyntein said that the number of them in the area has increased but due to the lack of information they have been left without any supervision.
At this meeting, it was decided to set up three committees to be appointed by Cabinet Ministers from Meghalaya and Assam and each committee will have 40 members from Meghalaya and Assam.
Regarding the smuggling of weapons, the Prime Minister requested that those who smuggled weapons should please inform where they broke the weapons and they have informed without giving their names, the government has a responsibility. to things not to men.
During this programme, she held a rally with placards and banners to educate the villagers especially in the rural areas of the district.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari spoke about his works which have become famous not only in India, but also in the literary and social circles around the world, especially in Europe. .
The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 will be inaugurated by the President of India at the PA Sangma Stadium in Turabad for the first time in the history of Meghalaya. you're playing.
There are 2415 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 178 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 14, West Jaintia Hills 6 people.
They grow rice, sorghum, sugarcane, rice, sorghum, rice, tympew, rice bran and others.
We urge the public not to spread or share such news without first checking the facts.
They speak and act according to their own will without thinking of the dignity of others.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary, Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District have spoken on their behalf. what is the judgment in the border.
If the government does not do anything, the union will start its strike.
Many tourists are facing problems not because of the lack of railway but because of the poor condition of the roads. good.
“I don't want to get a hasty approval at this time because it is a very important bill related to the customs and traditions of the Khasi,” said the CEM. “We will also ask for the opinions and views of the village leaders, various organizations interested in the Khasi customs and traditions and besides, “We will also ask for the opinions of the legal experts on this bill, " he said.
The Chief Minister explained in the House that the appointment of Consultants is based on the rules of the schemes that the State has received and the funds to pay them have been allocated within the of the scheme, the government has no obligation to withdraw funds to pay them.
Speaking on other initiatives of the Government, Irani said that about 25 crore women beneficiaries of the Jan-DhanYojana have now got their own bank accounts.68% Those who benefit from the Mudra Yojana are women and 80% of the beneficiaries of Stand-Up India are women, Irani said.
Almost all the districts of the state have been affected by the heavy rains, but the worst affected is East Khasi Hills. and West Garo Hills District.
The first charge under Section 188 IPC is that they have violated the rules laid down by authorized government officials.
Besides sports, the aim is to promote tourism.
There are 7 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 6 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
Importantly, the NIOS's statement clearly states that they cannot provide training to teachers in terms of D.El.
If it can be done, it is to compare the discrimination against them with the discrimination against the minorities in India, or to turn India into one country, one nation. .
As it is now, the suffering of people in the darkness is based on the freedom of that person, in the public administration each individual should have freedom if there is no longer freedom. long against the principle of democracy.
Replying to the visit of Bah Neil Antonio War to the BJP, he said that it is better to avoid the ticket race, many people who have lost tickets will still join the BJP and this will not affect him.
He said that once again hope came when on April 26, 2012, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (which is a constitutional body under Article 338 of the Constitution of India) after investigating and considering the petition. The Federation of Khasi States has directed the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs to take the necessary measures to fulfill the promises under the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, 17 Aug
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that besides this, the meeting also decided to implement the Meghalaya Land Survey Records Preparation Act 1980, through Section-3 of the State Government. council to conduct a survey for the areas within the boundary of the council.
There were seven women and five men.
A 21-year-old woman from Nongtraw village in West Khasi Hills District has committed suicide after being suspected of being murdered by unknown persons. you can't believe it until now.
These children have been detained by this woman for about 14 days.
So far, 1,02,487 samples have been taken, 98,345 have tested negative, 1066 results are pending and 33,880 have returned to the state. .
On 9th March 2024, the GTF will be able to transport Palat with 7 tonnes of nuts after 10 months of stopping the flow of nuts and garbage.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Dr Mawthoh said that the introduction of this method of treatment through herbal medicines is another way to provide health care to the people. of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Mawlai Sport Club beat Rangdajied United FC 1-0 in the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 on Saturday. Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal in the 26th minute with a header to the goal and scored the first goal of the match at Madan SSA Stadium. Randajied's hard work but they almost managed to score but unfortunately it went to Dienggoal in the second half and Mawlai won the title. Mawlai Sport Club has won the title of Runnerup for the second time in 2022 by winning the trophy and the 3rd cash prize. The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Donal Phillip received a donation of Rs 1.5 lakh from Rangdajied and was distributed by the Chief Engineer of the State Sport Council, Bah BM Syiem. Other dignitaries who attended the function included the President of the Meghalaya Football Association Hamlet Dohling, the President of the Shillong Sports Association Shri Eugeneson Lyngdoh and other officials of the Shillong Sports Association.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today urged the people to remain vigilant even if the state is free from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Speaking on the North East Gross District Development Index 2021-22, the Professor said, “Only one district, East Khasi Hills, has been ranked 57th out of 100 districts. and the land shall be in the north country.
All governments have done a lot of things in their own way.
Shillong, July 30: The discussion on the railway line is still a discussion, no decision has been taken on this, this discussion is also at the government level.
On the other hand, the HNYF Mawhati Circle has donated 1 pocket of rice and money to the family of the victim. said Bah T Mukhim, President of Mawhati Circle.
Police have received a tip that some people were driving a bus number AS-24-AC-1151 and that some people were driving the bus. They were carrying alcoholic beverages. Police have arrested these people.
He said that as members of the Seng, they should have a strong foundation, whether it is in any field.
He said that Father Vendrame had built a small church in Mawlai and now it has become the Sacred Heart Shrine.
He said that Rakkam A. Sangma, who is also in charge of the Education Department, has promised to take action to set proper rules for any agency that agrees to send Khasi children to study abroad. play chess.
The central theme of this environmental campaign is “Protect the environment for the survival of mankind”.
Kharaswai said the state government should take over the EMRI 108 because the funding is now 100% from the state government and when the government understands the need for these EMRI 108 why? you can't accept it.
“Fortunately, there were no people inside the shop because they closed the shop but if they had opened the shop, people inside the shop would have been injured and fortunately, God forbid, we would have been injured,” he said.
KHNAM urges everyone to be vigilant and vigilant, at the same time the KHNAM sends its condolences to the family of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in this great loss, said Bah Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. He urged the Government to cooperate in providing the Madan Garrison for the use of the people.
In these days, it has been seen the influx of people to the markets to buy pets and to greet all their friends and neighbors when they meet upstairs in the room on their way to and from.
The road from Nongstoin to Mawieit was constructed in 1963-1964 during the Assam government, but this road remains the same and as the days go by it has deteriorated.
In this demand for a block in this area, the KSU has also named the villages. If the block is given, there are 45 villages.
Pynshgnain said that if there is a President rule, it is only for the government and not for the office of the Speaker. Not everyone has to follow the Constitution of India. No one is above the law, no one is above the rules.
When asked by SP News Agency whether the Assam government has informed the district authorities about the plan to build a Police Outpost at the site, the Deputy Commissioner said, “Em Em ka. without informing you".
He said that the central government has accepted the request of the state government to replace the kw with rice and this distribution has started since June this year. long tang na ka bhah jong ka NFSA.e='mso-spacerun:yes'> Khyllep also said that from the Government of India the amount of rice per head in the NFSA is less than five KG but the state government has declared in the Five Kg per head and all the PDS should follow this government  Act.
In a statement sent by the Kur Kharbuki, the leaders of the Kur Kharbuki said that the allegation against the Syiem of the Hima that he has used force is unfounded. Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki has been appointed as the Minister of the Kharbuki Kur with the consent of all the Kharbuki Kur who took part in the Kur Dorbar held on the 19th of July this year.
: Capricci Cinema, in collaboration with Anna Films Shillong, is thrilled to announce the unprecedented release of the critically acclaimed Garo film Rapture, directed by the visionary Dominic Megam Sangma, across more than 100 theaters in France.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the exact figure will be given tomorrow.
The purpose of the festival is also to promote the Soh Phlang farmers of the area such as Mawleiñ, Pingwait and others.
No fee will be required for various Skill Trainings.
Why does it take the government two months to select the Entry and Exit points?
The meeting was chaired by the Chief Election Commissioner, Rajiv Kumar, ECs, Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhuka. officers from the States and UTs and Central Government teams protecting the border areas.
The department has already conducted an assessment and the village has already held a public hearing on this issue.
“We demand that the authorities of East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills should take action to evacuate the BSF troops from these villages as the presence of BSF in these two areas is very disturbing. to the people," he said.
Police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing.
Inter-House quiz, drawing and debate competitions were held for the students of the school during the two-day celebration.
He said that if the government cannot call for talks with the teachers, the union will continue to intensify their protests and this is not what they want but the blame goes to the government if the teachers they trembled.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on 19th June, 2023 inspected the sports grounds at Polo Ground, Shillong which are currently under construction. First of all, the First Ground Stadium which is under renovation and will be one of the best stadiums in the state and the North East as a whole.
Journalists from Shillong learned about the working methods of journalists in Maharashtra and the provisions available in the state for the welfare of journalists.
In the next few days, journalists will meet with various groups and meet with leaders of Assam and Meghalaya.
“In the northern part of Meghalaya, you have a place to participate in the Mann Ki Baat programme.
The second is the Two Lanes Road, which the government has clarified that it has nothing to do with the uranium mining project.
Police are conducting investigation to verify whether these suspects are the perpetrators.
The new Rule 2016 of the Government of Meghalaya has banned the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo from mining and transporting MAJOR LIMESTONE.
According to information received, these writings were found this morning, no one knows who wrote these writings yet, the meeting to hold the Cabinet meeting. is scheduled to be held at the site today.
Now she is happy that she has been able to build a house for her family and provide for the necessities in this house.
Referring to the party ticket from this constituency, Dr Donkupar Roy said that the party does not know where it will go but those who want to contest the election should work hard and when it is right. The time will come because the party will elect a person or persons who cannot win the election.
“He thanked everyone, especially the women and youth who have made this program a success.
No changes to revenue collection are recommended in this interim budget.
This describes the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for all aspects of the processing of fruit using ethylene gas including the Regulations, Requirements for fruit processing plants by use of ethylene, method of use, sources of ethylene gas, method of use of ethylene gas from different sources, post-exposure procedure, safety measures and others.
The Election Agent said that by publishing such statements and posting them on social media, it has defamed and brought a bad mark against the President of The Voice of America. the People Party who is also a Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and it may be mentioned that these statements and publications through writings were made with the intention of insulting, injuring and insulting mationg and has wrongly disseminated information to a large audience.
As part of the celebration of the 95th Anniversary of India's Azaadi Ki Amrit Mahotsav, a survey was immediately conducted.
Dr Mukul said why the media especially the national media has not said anything on this, he said to oppose this they will not even sit with the Governor today. .
“I am proud that we as a small nation, we have Kiang Nangbah, our Khla-wait Bakhraw to proclaim to the world and we should follow it. Speaking at the meeting, Bah MH Dkhar said, “Even the 30th November 1862, was the day of mourning for the country and the nation. history of Jaintia Hills, but it is the greatest day in the history of the people of Jaintia Hills, which will continue to awaken the Jaidbynriew, because it is on this day that the “Khon Dap-Chynrang of Bei Pnar (Jaintia)" the "Kiang Nangbah Bakhraw", for the rights and freedom of the country and the nation, he climbed the cross of the British Government and that today, we cannot I don't forget anything.
Theilin Phanbuh, President of the Shillong and Khapsor Women's Association, said that without the law, the women's organizations would be able to work only in the streets. women shall also participate in village activities.
Their desire to remove him is because in Malwi most of the residents are Khasi, unlike other places where they live.
When Narendra Modi assumed office as Prime Minister Duh nine years ago, India's slow economic growth, low unemployment, and high productivity deficit fit the the US in the 1980s.
There is also the possibility that these living things may be contaminated by other living things in the universe.
This action of the government has angered the church and the people.
Shillong, July 03: The BSF has launched an investigation into the smuggling of bikes from the Meghalaya border to Bangladesh. The Bajaj Discover bike is available in Reg.
She appreciated the initiatives of those involved in this work and the Minister said that the solution of the problems related to the access to nutritious food for women and children has been achieved due to the cooperation and support. of these people and groups.
The new fare will come into force immediately, said the Commissioner and Secretary, Food and Civil Supplies Department.
This order will come into force in all parts of the country for 21 days from 25th October,
At the same time, he said that it is not yet clear how many days it will be but it will not be many days because it is not a budget session. talk.
On this occasion, members of HITO went to find out the facts regarding the location of the Block. The union strongly opposes the proposal to relocate the office from the present location.
Regarding the damage to the villages, it is not yet known how many villages have been affected as the figures are still coming.
They also swear to protect the environment, the forests, from the destruction of the exploiters.
Regarding the problem of the people on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the DC promised to the Rangbah Shnongs that she will visit herself especially in the Riad Nongtung area to get he is the light of the load.
The actions of the police and them have stirred up the protesters and they have thrown stones and protested.
The march started from the PWD Office New Nongstoin and ended at the Bishop's Cathedral.
In his speech, Sanjay A Sangma urged the people to take advantage of these information programs under the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra and to seek information about the schemes of the Central Government and the State Government which they cannot get.
The holding of the meeting at the National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar instead of at the party office shows that there is something behind some people.
According to sources close to the MDA government, the Chief Minister has already informed the Legislative Assembly that the confidence will be sought from the Legislative Assembly. Shillong, Lber 12: The Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) on March 10, 2018 held a Felicitation Program to prove that it has the majority of the MDA government. and also the prize distribution to the two finalists of the 1Mawkynrew Cup at a function held at Madan Shnong of Jatah Lakadong in the presence of thousands of people. People from different villages within Mawkynrew Constituency as well as from neighboring villages.
He said that if the farmers are still being discriminated against in kilo cutting they should inform the Hima and the Dorbar will punish the traders according to the Hima Act.
Pynshngiang said it is interesting that the government does not recognize the previous EC, but on this day when there is any issue of no confidence, the government and the Governor The Lamphang said that all these incidents within the KHADC are for the good, at the same time he said that if it happens anyway, it will not happen. should not forget to preserve the independence of the District Council which has its own autonomy.
He was a man of integrity and clarity of mind and never backed down from problems.
On this occasion, the Governor also mentioned the many works that the government has done and will continue to do for the development of the state in terms of economic development and income generation. Many people attended the celebration of the Republic Day.
Also present at the meeting was the Grasevak of Nongthymmai Circle, Bah Dap Jyrwa of Ranikor Block.
“This allegation has led to all three authorities to abandon this part of NH 44 and those who have suffered now are the passengers along this road.
Jungkot 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday (9/1/21) confirmed the new office bearers of the KSU Jowai Circle for the term 2021-2
As part of the activities to promote traditional arts across the country, Smt Sandhya Purecha, Chairman Sangeet Natak Akademi, visited the traditional groups from the villages to see the activities to promote their traditional arts.
For the D.El.
The government has appointed a team of inquiry into the incident led by Peter Ingty and the government will consider once it receives the report.
Retired Justice BD Agarwal, President, Nagaland State Consumer Commission, was also present on the occasion.
Replying to the motion, the Minister of State for Education, Dr RC Laloo, said that the government will now accept only the deficit schools and the higher secondary schools which have not been accepted. ala run by private groups other than religious schools.
The inspection was conducted after receiving complaints from the residents of the area that there is no doctor especially during the accidents at night.
During the recent India Energy Week 2023, India took a major step forward in biofuel reforms with the launch of E20, a blend of 20% ethanol in gasoline. announced by Prime Minister Duh which will be launched in 15 cities and extended to the entire country within two years.
The Union Minister for Finance and Corporate Affairs, Smt.
Meghalaya Police is ready to fight against these illegal activities which come to destroy the youth and urged the public to work together to fight against them. loss of life.
Speaking as the chief guest, he praised the participation of the farmers, 100 days workers, school teachers and all the school children from the village.
At the same time, after the meeting, many VECs including women said that this meeting should be held regularly so that the Government authorities can exchange views with many VECs. side in terms of development.
He said that the NEP still has some shortcomings here and there such as the syllabuses are not enough and the jobs for the children are not enough.
The Medical Superintendent of Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Mairang, said that the patients who came to bed were suffering from diarrhea and vomiting. There are also those who have suffered from severe illness and have to be given oxygen.
Shillong, July 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Central Government has approved four applications for the mining of coal. Block, Nehlang Block, Middle Block and Saryngkham Block.
The President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service (PPM) is awarded for outstanding service in the police force and the Police Medal for Meritorious Service (PM) is awarded for hard work in the field.
The Government has already set up Corona Isolation Centers in Shillong and Tura in those places which have been announced earlier.
and other doctors who came to the army hospital from Jorhat who are well qualified doctors in many fields have examined and treated the people of the village.
A transformative journey that shows the Government's commitment to the welfare of the people of the country which reaches all even in the most difficult places.
Martin M Danggo of the NPP, PN Syiem of the PDF, Pius Marwein of the UDP and Jackiush A Sangma of the Congress have filed their nomination papers for the 35th Ranikor Constituency. .
Shillong, June 14: U Charles Marngar MDC of Mawhati has strongly condemned the Meghalaya government especially the Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui for not bringing back the three persons who were killed in the attack. He was arrested by the Assam Police from Sabuda village on Tuesday.
Sabathani is the Assistant Office Secretary of the KSU Nongpoh Circle and also the President of the KSU Mawdiangum Unit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Rev Pastor Senborly Diengan has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Registration Act,
Jowai, Naiwieng 11: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body (JYF) has strongly condemned the arrest of CSWO leader Agnes Kharshiing as the chief leader of the CSWO. The violence and cruelty of the state government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma has been excessive, without compassion for the people, without compassion when they have lost their consciousness before man before God. It is a human tragedy and painful for the family members to see their own flesh and blood become refugees in their own country untimely.
Other States in India have this State Sabha Academy because in India all the recognized languages ​​have a correct spelling and there will be no need to guide them. wrong there are twenty-four words.
To keep the selection of youngsters in the army clean suspicious was made their own based on the job they had already applied for.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, in his speech at the inauguration of the Mawlai C&RD Block, said that all this is the result of hard work. the dream of the people today.
As a country, Meghalaya has improved in many ways.
At this meeting, the Seng has sought clarification on the delay in announcing the results of the 2nd semester and 4th semester of LLB Law although it has been written since July this year although the Law students have already passed. to write examinations for 3rd semester and 5th semester in October.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today introduced the Bills, delivery of development works to urban and rural areas.
The Government has announced that all the rules and regulations to be followed during the Christmas and New Year celebrations are to prevent the spread of COVID-1 prepared after consultation with many churches.
He was born on 1st July 1956 at Satgharia village of Sipajhar in Darrang district.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to change its decision to withdraw from the peace talks with the Central Government. State Government to maintain peace and order in Meghalaya.
India's rise among countries has been due to its domestic pandemic control, its approach to vaccines and its status as a hub for vaccine-related activities. .
The state's daily loss of revenue is T.1.7 crore from the government's revenue collection department.
District Magistrate Abishek Bhagotia, who is also the Returning Officer for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has imposed the ban under Section 144 CrPC. to prohibit illegal gatherings or to hold any public meetings within these 48 hours without permission which is prohibited for this election campaign.
The Additional Superintendent of Police has been appointed to investigate how these seven prisoners escaped from jail and the District Magistrate has directed PK Boro MCS to investigate a Judicial Inquiry into the escape. MA Challam was appointed to investigate the deaths of four escaped prisoners.
Court of Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong and after the trial he was found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol and his license was suspended and he was banned from driving until 8th June
New Delhi, Nailur 30: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today appointed four new Governors in four states of India. Ganga Prasad to become the new Governor of the state.
Referring to the training, he said that there is a need to change, it is no longer the old era of teaching children to seek government jobs, but now it is necessary to teach them how to stand in their own right. of their feet after their reading.
What the people are saying now at all times is that there are two things, cleanliness, water and these have to do with health. and when it becomes dirty, the water will become polluted and this pollution will affect the health of mankind.
On this eve of Republic Day, India also thanks the army, police and security forces for their vigilance and courage that has enabled us to reach these heights now. .
He said that we are looking forward to bringing a Sports University Campus in the state to open up more opportunities for young sportsmen.
Mawtngam, South West Khasi Hills District is one of the villages famous in the area and in writings as the village where the Syiem used to fight for freedom against the enemies of Sngap Sing Syiem.
Speaking on the occasion, the Executive Engineer, Urban Development Department, Bah R Budnah said that the first floor will be a jhur market with 23 shops, the second floor will have 15 shops and the second floor will have 15 shops. and the uppermost floor shall be the house of the council.
He informed the meeting that while the introduction of the equipment in various functions of the Central Bureau of Communication has been completed, this is still in progress for the Registrar of Newspapers for India.
A total of 238 people have recovered from the disease today, 86 from Ri Bhoi and 75 from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 78613 so far.
But if you don't apply for that job, that job will end. When the job is over, how can you fill those jobs? If you can't fill it, you won't be dismissed. “It's because there are no qualified people for the job,” said Robert.
The Government has seen that the farmers in this state have been forgotten.
Mitchel Wankhar has been appointed as the Land Mines and Minerals Department.
“We have decided to give a deadline to the Government until the 11th of this month, if the salary does not arrive, we will hold a strike in front of the Secretariat on the 15th of this month,” said Bah Kasperline. He said this in an interview with the media after the meeting with the Prime Minister.
In connection with this good intention, the SWS-East Jaintia Hills District, along with its petition, has already met and discussed with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, and The party also urged him to send relief supplies as soon as possible at any time of urgent need of any village or any person.
In the petition, the CORP also informed the Union Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development that the recruitment process at the Union Government School should be especially to the villagers of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the truck drivers have called for an unlimited traffic jam on these two highways.
From Nongstoin to Maweit, 5 km in 1993 from Nongstoin Mawmarin 1994-95 10 km from Nongstoin 1998-2000 6.800km.
The government had previously paid only T.3.5 lakh to the DCRG, but after the Fifth Pay Commission, the government has decided to increase it to T.10 lakh. It is to help those teachers who are sitting there before 2017 as much as they can.
Those who wish to do so must obtain permission from the relevant authorities.
The Bill was introduced in the House in November 2011 but as it has not been accepted by all the members of the House, it has been sent to the Standing Committee on Food and Beverages.
Also present on the occasion were the PCCF and other government officials from the Forest Department.
On the first day of the exchange of old notes for new ones, the people had to stand in line for many hours.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 189 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in 12 districts. Garo Hills 53, Ri Bhoi 15, West Jaintia Hills 13 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The ballot boxes for the presidential elections in India to be held on the 18th of this month have arrived in Shillong this morning, according to the Chief Electoral Officer of India, Bah FR Kharkongor. Officer of the State of Meghalaya.
According to some residents of Nongstoin, the road from Nongstoin Bye Pass to Nongstoin has not been maintained for many years.
Shillong, Naitug 03: The annual Behdeinkhlam festival in Jowai Doloiship District today ended with the ceremony of Deinkhlam at Aitnar followed by the ceremony of Rot brought from the branches of the district. different forms.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has inaugurated the 1st Hynniewtrep U-16 Football League (HYC) at Malki Stadium.
However, in the five years from 2014 to 2019, we have reached an economy of $3 trillion, which means we have grown by $1 trillion.
The arrest of the truck was made after the driver of the truck violated the NGT rules banning the mining of coal.
The construction cost of these six structures is estimated to exceed T 60 crore.
Speech was also delivered by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman, SPIKAP. They can get an explanation on how to do, and where to go if they encounter such a problem and if the problem is severe due to the pyrjong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 36 cases have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 there were 363 in all.
They were taken to Mawryngkneng PHC and later to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: College teachers in Meghalaya today, along with teachers across the country, today held a strike known as the 'Demand Day'
This case was heard by the Supreme Court of the country.
“With the presence of the Checkpost, the Police will not have time to patrol the market, the villages, the roads and we have seen the increase in theft of cattle, pigs in the villages, Vehicles passing on the National Highway were robbed, drivers were beaten and injured.
The total number of cases in Meghalaya has risen to 2121 so far, the highest number of cases in East Khasi Hills (1437), followed by West Garo Hills (319), Ri Bhoi District (143) and other districts. There are those who are suffering and those who are suffering.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Authors Society (KA) will celebrate the 180th birth anniversary of Thomas Jones, the father of Khasi writing, on the 22nd of this month. Webinar to commemorate the 180th death anniversary of this great man.
They have posted notices in schools run by missionaries warning them not to remove the images of saints and the statue of Jesus which is an insult to the school principals of the Fathers. “The Vice Chairman of the Students' Wing of HITO, Samla Kitshemphang Warjri, said in a statement.
The terms and conditions of this scheme can be found at:Various assistance is provided at one place for women who are victims of violence and need support.
Shillong, July 29: The residents of Umdem village have approached the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to complain against the company known as Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL). Gas Pipe from Umden Village.
Maligaon, Nailar 31: The General Manager of NF Railway, on Tuesday said that as directed by the Union Minister in charge of Railways, Piyush Goyal, he should cancel the meeting. all the MPs of the NE who fall under the NF Railway in November in Guwahati.
Police hope to arrest the suspect soon.
Once the construction budget is approved, the selection process will begin.
The Shillong Archdiocese has created two dioceses, the Nongstoin Diocese and the Jowai Diocese.
Lakhs of students, teachers and parents from the country and abroad will participate in this programme.
In the letter, he said that he was working in a coal mine and these tires were given by Bah June from Ladrymbai to Adul Kahir who is in Bangladesh.
She said that the aim of the Rashtriya Bal Swasthya Karyakram program is to free people from such diseases and this is the second time that Ganesh Hospital Shillong will conduct this treatment. .
KHNAM and other organizations urge the KHADC to take action against the drivers of commercial vehicles. foreigners in Khyndailad, Motphran and other places on the 30th of this month from 11 am.
Ampati, Nailur 15: Hundreds of school children, teachers and government officials took to the streets to protest against drug abuse and trafficking in women.
Due to financial constraints, he was able to receive only limited education.
The union also urges the Dorbar Shongs across Jaintia Hills to please not allow them to trade or bill if they do not have proper trading license and labor service licence.
Immediately this morning I went inside the school to witness with my own eyes this incident and I saw that they have written on the Notice Board to invite applications for Class XI even in the midst of this Covid- 19 Lockdown is still in place.
Regarding the farmers, although the government has allowed the farmers to farm, the problem is the seeds.
According to a letter sent by the Secretary PWD (Roads) to the State Government, Bah KK Mawa, the 59.00 km Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road has been proposed to be included in the NES1DS (Roads) and PMGSY0- The Secretary of PWD (Roads) has informed that the 20 km road from Nongpoh to Umden has been proposed to be included in the NESIDS (Roads) for the purpose of funding by the Ministry of DoNER at a cost of T52 crore. .
The union also expresses its gratitude and wishes to all the people working in the health department from doctors, nurses and others to be healthy and we hope that through their dedication Their efforts and the spirit to endure the challenges of the future will always remain in the memory of your footsteps.
This decision was taken after looking at the needs of these projects and also looking at the opportunities and income benefits of the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities that can come through this process. .
When inquired, the CEM said that foreigners who do not have trading licenses have not yet come to the Council office.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the Circuit House at Baghmara. They are allowed to work in the District.
The equipment seized by the KHADC from the company on 26/11/2014 includes a Gypsy Maruti number MZ01-8520, a truck ML10 A-6644 and others. , but according to sources received by the SP News Agency, the company has not yet received these equipment.
On the other hand, the Congress leader alleged that the BJP is trying to destroy the ideology of Hindutva in the North East, playing politics with Masi, the BJP which It has promised Rs 2 crore to create jobs for the youth but it has instead created herds of cattle.
Replying to a question on the HNLC's desire for peace talks, the Prime Minister said the government is ready to talk if they come to surrender.
Dr Mukul in his speech said that these plants have been used as kimusla in the production of jyntah around the world, at the same time he said that the government will teach how to plant jyntah. They are according to the present era, because this method of farming will also help to protect the environment.
He urged the officers to work hard to ensure that the engineering college can be completed within the stipulated time of 18 months.
P Nongsteng said that other speakers said that it is not only to punish them but to exclude them from the society.
Therefore, we urge the political parties to take care of these issues which will be a stronger foundation for the nation and the future generations.
MCTA President Dr BH Buam, General Secretary Aimanda Basaiawmoit and Bah Malcome Tariang President of MCTA of St Edmund's College.
Nomination forms can be obtained from the office of KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit from 17th June
The Minister said that this part of the calendar will showcase the achievements of the government so far and the commitment for the future, thus the theme 'NayaVarsh, NayeSankalp' was introduced.
According to a complaint lodged by the mother of Lakmon Talang, her son Kyrshandame Talang on October 10, 2024, has been arrested. He was drinking kiad with his friends at a shop in Mosdai village and left the shop alone without telling his friends.
The people were very much afraid of the rain.
Shillong, July 14: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that the meeting was to discuss the issues of the people who are dying at this time due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In this regard, Sambor Shulai has sent a letter to Rikman G. Momin, President of the BJP in Meghalaya. His meeting with the party leader was only to inform him on this issue.
There are 87 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 51 from East Khasi Hills, 20 from South Garo Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills, 4 from South West Jaintia Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from East Garo Hills. There are 11241 recoveries.
Referring to the return of youths from the North Eastern State, he said that so far 1680 youths have returned and it is estimated that within this day all the youths have returned.
Alicia Bakor Phanwar, 26, has been awarded the ENBA Gold Award for Best News Producer on October 30, shift newsroom supervisor in India India Today TV"
On this occasion, the Indian musician group “The Dakoha Stop” from the North East, Linthio, a prominent musician from Manipur, performed. dress of the states of this region as a whole.
Everyone on their part has given their right hand and left hand to the government but when such cases have happened, the village authorities have passed, but in any case, they should have consulted and informed the Rangbah Shnong. They were in the city for a long time.
The NIIMH has more than 500 manuscripts along with a Medical Heritage Museum and Library which contains rare books and manuscripts dating back to the 15th century AD. .
On the other hand, the DC agreed to work together and find more ways and means to protect the youth from this drink.
After more than 10 months after the 31st of June, 2023, the work has gone smoothly like a mattah which we have not accepted at all.
, BSF has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 28, 2023 at 2.40 pm, a BSF personnel from Hawaitilla BOP, West Jaintia Hills arrested a Bangladeshi named Salim Ahmed. The 35-year-old man from Muktapur Patrol Post, West Jaintia Hills has been arrested.
Regarding the incident at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills this morning where four precious lives were lost and many others were injured when the Assam Police and Forest Department personnel of the Assam Government shot dead at Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. 22.11.2022 at 7 pm.
Gadanayak promised to promote all the arts and crafts in the region to be on par with other parts of India, so that the arts can flourish and traditional arts can flourish in the south of India and beyond. postpone.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Chief Secretary Robert June Kharjarin President of the HYC, he said that some Garo friends have lodged a PIL in the court to request that the government should not be punished. You don't have to worry about your roster.
New Delhi, July 09: The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah today addressed the distribution of store codes for the implementation of the Prime Minister's Jan Aushadhi Kendra to the PACS of Three States in New Delhi today.
“Now we are focusing on the training of the youth.
Recalling his suggestions to draft laws in simple language for better understanding of the people, Modi suggested the implementation of the same system of judgments and orders. court.
At the same time, she said that they should learn to be aware of what is happening around them.
Ed training with NIOS for the months of August and September this year will be held on the 20th of this month at the Community Hall Khliehriat West Iawpyngkat at 10 am.
Police have recovered the body from the scene and are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the death.
The North Eastern Council has released T.25.00 crore to fight against COVID-19 in five states of the North Eastern Region.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have seized hundreds of tons of Shini from the Meghalaya border.
They are happy that Minister Lamphrang Blah has joined the National People's Party and welcomes him and all the leaders. who have made him an MDC for many years.
Their visit to Bangladesh was to discuss that any work they start will be of mutual benefit between Bangladesh, India and Meghalaya. the only sector is tourism.
Chyne said what will happen if the CAB comes into force, not only will it affect the trade, it will also affect 40 types of payments.
From this place, many uniforms were found.
After receiving a complaint from Markatjuh Dkhar (Teacher), the union has requested for RTI to get accurate information on the allegation that he was a politician and shot Sanbok Rymbai in or the last election until he was dismissed from the post of teacher.
Prestone said the NPP will work hard to win the party's candidate from Ranikor, while Hamlerson Dohlieng said the PDF will work hard to win the party's candidate from Ranikor. Metbah Lyngdoh said the UDP will also work hard to win the election from Ranikor.
On the 26th of last month, the Saitsama Out Post Police have released a state after being beaten by Karbi in Lapangap village.
Earlier, the president of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, while speaking as the chief guest, expressed his regret that the salary of the fourth installment has not been released yet.
Secretary in charge of North Eastern Affairs Uttam Chanda, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that according to the report, the central government should implement the “ Kamlaesh Chandra Committee Report" in which mothers should be entitled to maternity leave, GDS employees should be entitled to medical benefits.
Along with the launch of the Fit India Freedom Run 2.0 across the country, the State Director of NYKS, Atul J Nikam today launched the Freedom Run.
He said that in Meghalaya, most of the cricketers are from other ethnic groups while there are very few cricketers from the state. playing football and they don’t focus much on cricket.
The FIR was signed by A Lyngdoh Secretary and Sordar L Lyngdoh of Myriaw Syiemship.
In this meeting, the EE of PWD, President of the Unit, Samla Daraplang Salahe, expressed his regret when he heard the words that come from the Ministers of the Government, who say that the road is the budlum of the state's economy.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders have expressed their appreciation for what the government has done to improve education in the state. NAAC) to inspect these private universities in the state and to submit a letter to the University Grant Commission (UGC) to improve education in the state.
The border guards in this area have become the guardians of foreigners to enter and do whatever they want.
A total of 443 candidates have registered for the election.
After the service and special prayer, President Bishop Reved Dr.P Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this special prayer on this day is to thank God for the independence of the country, India and especially for in the state of Meghalaya.
The advantages of Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) are that the public can quickly get their needs in an emergency, they can also spend a short time without having to stand in line inside banks.
Since the launch of Startup India as a platform across the country, the number of startups in the North East has increased and in November 2022, Startup India conducted ASCEND (Accelerating Startup Caliber & Entrepreneurial Drive) workshops ) in the northeastern states.
The EC has decided to amend the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rules, 1957 and the objectives of the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The CEM also informed that the KHADC in 2019 has passed the KHADC Solid Waste Management Bill, 2019, but this bill has not been passed. The EC will now bring the Bills back to the House in this session.
Shillong, November 19: U PK Agrahari, Secretary to the Finance Department, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday issued an order to the Governor of Meghalaya on the 7th of this month to release the arrears of the employees. government which is 30 percent.
There are about 5,000 Khasi living in the district, mostly from Jaintia Hills and living in Jatinga, Bubon Hill, Harangajao, Umrongso, Haflong and so on.
CANDLES 3.
Kharshandy said that the child was treated privately at the government hospital and will be released on the next day. When he arrived at the super care hospital, the battery was removed from the body of the child. are in the middle of treatment.
To assist the States and UTs in this regard, the Ministry of Finance has prepared to release this amount under back-to-back loan in the financial year 2021-22 amounting to T.1, 15,000 crore , the rest will be released later.
The project has been implemented directly by the state government in collaboration with the CSB and is ready to start implementation.
The Digital North East is expected to be a key part of the Digital India programme.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that the loss of the building which is the office of the Congress party has reached about 5 percent.
Finally, I urge you all to observe the curfew until the 3rd of June.
Furthermore, Bah Armerington appealed to the people, as all the people know that the AAP is a party of the people and the party cannot do anything without money.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: An elderly man from Tamabil village on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District has been shot dead by suspected persons. and Bangladesh.
The union also said that if the Government has issued this order just because of distrust of other BOARDs in other states, it should have announced this in advance so that the parents and If the Government does not trust the MBOSE, it should send an inquiry, and the Examination conducted by the MBOSE should be canceled and the examination should be handed over to schools only. spirit is enough.
These two youths were arrested by the HYC members on the 17th of this month during a raid on drug users in Motphran.
The KSU said that the village committee has set up a committee to request the number of employees in the company but it has not yet been able to provide the number of employees. This is a misrepresentation of the Dorbar of the Village and this has led them to believe that the company does not have the employees as claimed.
Latiplang said he was elected by the House and recognized by the Governor. To say that the government does not recognize him as CEM is foolish.
It is surprising and disturbing how MORT can build a double lane road to a village with only 15 or 20 houses and in a place where only 10 or 20 vehicles pass per day, but in the In more urban areas, with more people and more vehicles, MORT has not yet completed the construction of two lane roads.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MPB) has invited these VECs to discuss the issues related to the 88 VECs of Laskien C&RD Block. The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MPB) has held an open session/interaction with the Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries Shnongs. , VEC Officers as Chairman, Secretary, and Women's Representatives of 88 Village Employment Councils (VECs) in Laskien C&RD Block, on 6th March 2014 and met with more than 130 leaders of these 88 VECs. VECs within the boundary of West Jaintia Hills District, to listen to their views and opinions on their performance and especially the challenges and benefits of the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS/NREGA scheme. IAY et al.
The Prime Minister said that diabetes can be reduced by practicing Yoga and the government will encourage people to practice Yoga.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, before the meeting of the High Power Committee, said that the Dome of the Legislative Assembly should be investigated. and the third group came to the truth.
On 20/9/2023 allocated for government affairs, on 21/9/2023 allocated for opposition and on 22/9/2023 allocated for government and in They will accept the request for more funds or if there are Bills of the Government they will accept them in the House.
There are 4 recoveries today, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills and 2 from East Khasi Hills.
N Parien – Lawyerson War and Emperor Bareh.
The number of employees in this SBI Branch is still very low compared to the number of villages and the villagers as there is only one Branch Manager and 4 other employees. One of the reasons why the public doesn't need this bank.
The union can no longer just look at the problems faced by the people after the sudden closure of the coal mining industry and this has led some parents to sell their coal. of their children to live.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday visited Jirang Block, as part of his work to visit the blocks in the state. He visited Jirang Block from one block to another.
Speaking to the SP of West Jaintia Hills, the union leaders said that the blockages are due to the bad condition of the trucks on the road. long you are too small.
Shillong, June 12: The deceased was identified as Wali A Sangma, 31, of Darakona village in North Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through the last CEC has decided to end the term of its CEC and through the last GEC the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has elected new office bearers of the CEC for the term. the second from 2018 to
On learning of this tragic incident, the MLA of this area, Martin M Danggo, left for the area with the relief items. severely affected by this natural disaster there was no such bias.
There are 280 government-appointed rice vendors in the state and the income of the government-owned rice vendors is from the transportation fee set by the government. government which is T.1.43 tyngka.
Thousands of people, from parents, youth and children, came down with joy and happiness to fish in this pond.
For Community Quarantine Centers, T.1.5 crore, for registered employees, T.3000/- each and T.2000/- for the second time, a total of T.12.90 crore. crore.
If anyone is allowed to do whatever he wants, it will also affect the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is near the place used for puja.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan in his speech as the chief guest said that it is important to take part in the counting of votes and it is also the right of every citizen to vote. according to the Constitution of the Republic of India.
On the other hand, Titostarwell Chyne said that the CEM has violated the court order in connection with the raid by the KHADC authorities. They are responsible for those who sell in the market, without a license, whether they sit in the market or in a shop, if they don't have a trading license, the council will expel them.
Referring to the death sentence of Devender Singh Bhullar, the ACHR said that there are areas where the President of India in the past has allowed a person to apologize twice to the President.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, the MPCC President said that the MPCC wishes Dr DD Lapang all the best for his health and happiness. all his works from henceforth.
New Delhi, Sept 23: The Union Minister in charge of Communications, Ashwini Vaishnaw recently said, “The reforms in the telecom sector are aimed at ensuring that all people have access to the internet. and tele-connectivity according to today's age.
: “The Eucharist is the center and source of the Catholic faith,” said the Apostolic Nuncio of India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli. on Sunday afternoon who took part in the annual Eucharistic Procession.
Speaking to reporters, CEM Chyne said the committee will prepare a letter to send to the Governor on the allegations of the three foreigners against the districts. Council This Committee shall complete the report within 40 days.
Therefore, the Seng will fight as much as possible not to allow the beauty of this river to disappear again but will continue to watch for tomorrow.
Our country India is a democratic secular country that allows freedom of religion.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Tourist Taxi Drivers of Meghalaya today said that if the Guwahati Airport can be done like the Delhi Airport, it will be better for all the commercial vehicles going to the airport. free from the hands of travel agents who are commonly called “Dalals”.
Nongpoh Jymmang 31: With the aim of preserving the culture and traditions of the Raid Bhoi Mikir (Karbi), the Union of Rulers of Raid Bhoi Mikir (Karbi) on 31st June 2013 held a program to gather together the participants who their customs and traditions whether in traditional dance, traditional music, rituals and others including music.
In heavy rain, wind, cold, snow and ice, stay inside your car until help arrives or until the weather calms down (the roof will protect you if you don't touch it with your hand your interior): close the windows and park the vehicle away from trees and electrical signs.
The arrested were identified as Damanbha Ripnar, Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar, Jil Tariang and Shainng Nongrum.
When questioned, they could not produce proper documents. During the investigation, they confessed that they had entered India illegally with the intention of fleeing from Agartala by train but were arrested by the police.
Dawki CP 11.
The implementation of the ILP does not mean to prevent anyone from entering Meghalaya but the purpose is to improve the entry and exit rules. The ILP has been approved and suggested by the Government but it has been a source of confusion to the people from time to time.
It may be recalled that the KSU Sahsniang office was first established in 2008, and the office has been working steadily till today.
During the programme, the best performers under NRLM, Anganwadi workers under ICDS and beneficiaries were felicitated, while some beneficiaries shared their personal experiences when they received the schemes and benefits in the “MeriStoryMeriZubaani” section of this program.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 28 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 15 in East Garo Hills and 4 in West Garo Hills. 2, South West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of cases is
Under the National Food Security Act 2013, the villagers have to take responsibility for the implementation of the ration scheme. it shall not be accepted.
We should follow their example.
New Delhi, Lber 19: The Union Government today sent directives to all the State Governments to issue the following directives. Shillong, Lber 19: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Transport Commissioner at Laitlad near Lawusip this morning at about 7.30 pm. .
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle on 3rd June 2021 has released the music video “Kyntiew iala ki Jong” which has been sung by famous singers of Ri Khasi including Big Ri from Khasi Bloodz and Venon Lyngkhoi and also booklets on self-development.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, 21st July 2024, Bah Purningstar Shabong, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee of the Hima Sohiong, said: He said that the JAC requests the KHAD to expedite the election of the full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong within six months.
On receiving a tip, the ANFT police rushed to the scene and seized 10 grams of heroin weighing 10.97 grams. you have already used it.
The order referred to the war between Ukraine and Russia and the incident in North-West Delhi where the broadcasts and news broadcast on these channels violate the Program Code.
It is easier to fight against foreigners because the law against them exists and is strong as happened to the former MP of Bangladesh who was arrested and imprisoned for being arrested. you are not in Shillong; but the most difficult is for the Indian brother.
The training is not only to start their own businesses but also how to get jobs in various companies, such as car manufacturing, light manufacturing, clothing manufacturing. , jobs to work in factories and so on.
The point here is that all things have minuses and are the opposite. Whenever the Government thinks of what is good, there are oppositions from the people.
Among them, M/s Lessly Shylla has proposed to pay Rs 98.89 crore to the MTDC for the next 33 years.
This was announced in a statement sent by the HNLC Publicity Secretary, Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
Shillong, Nailur 18: It is true that as the days and years have passed, the illegal entry of mynder into Meghalaya has brought great danger to the minority community. The Inner Line Permit Act is the only way to prevent the illegal entry of other ethnic groups into the state.
In Delhi alone, 400 electric buses have been allocated, out of which 300 have been allocated to the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) and 100 to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). the share from 2029.
On the other hand, the family members of the family today in the morning have completed the ritual of feeding and drinking to the long shuwa man shuwa of the family members and the Behdien khlam ritual started at at two o'clock to-day by the service.
All those who spoke at the NBCC meeting expressed their surprise at the way they got votes in the MLA election 2018 from Nongkrem Constituency. The MPCC ticket, other reasons cited by the supporters is the strong wind to replace the former MLA in which many voters have voted for two and three. days before the polling day to vote for the candidate who is better at the public rally and who is more likely to convict the former MLA.
It is to be recalled that the Dorbar of the Federation of Khasi States was held on 25th May 2017, and the same letter was distributed at a Press Conference held at Shillong Press Club on 27th May which we have strongly criticized the Government of India for this insult to the traditional rulers.
Referring to the development works for the people under Community Development and Panchajats, he said the government is taking these schemes very seriously in order to improve the income of the people.
In his speech, Bah Allan said that he is a supporter of the BJP party and he is impressed by the development works that the party has done and he wants to work with the BJP party because the party is looking forward to the future. it is for development works.
The Minister said that there cannot be more than one housing act in one state, the District Councils will implement the housing act which the state government will pass. house of 2011, will be allowed to build houses in the state up to nine floors.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, who is in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said that at this meeting, it was decided to open the hospitals. This month will be held on 16th July
“We have to think carefully before we take a decision,” he said.
Chivalry Lartang, Miss Shillong, won T.1,00,000, Rachel Rimeiaka Jyrwa won T.75,000 and Rebecca Nongkhlaw won T. Genevieve Pala, Miss Super Mom, received T.50,000, Jessica Nongkynrih received T.30,000 and Mary Saleen Lyngdoh Mawphlang received T.20,0
Shillong, March 01: The political situation in India has deteriorated especially when human relations have not been respected and respected.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 30 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in five districts of East Garo Hills. 2, East Khasi Hills 3, North Garo Hills 9, Ri Bhoi 3, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
On the other hand, the union said that if the government does not do anything in the coming months, they will take strong measures.
The outbreak of the disease has been brought under control with 6584 cases ongoing.
All three children were rushed to the Civil Hospital.
Shillong, March 30: The Amway and Bethany Society will celebrate the World White Cane Day in Shillong tomorrow. Sarbani Bhattacharjee said that the project has been implemented in Shillong.
The Association is constantly trying to find ways and means to get a proper Badminton ground and training ground, so that we can hold trainings and tournaments.
“Due to the lack of compliance with the Service Rule, AYUSH doctors who are Government servants have not been admitted yet,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 15: The JSU Jowai Circle under the leadership of President Aplang Lamare and General Secretary Wansalan Patwet has demanded that the government and the PWD department should immediately turn to the road. The old pass from Myntdu Bridge on Shillong-Jowai Road to Kiang Nangbah College.
The Dorbar has prohibited all candidates who will participate in the Common Platform from bringing more than 3 small vehicles outside Mawryngkneng.
On the other hand, the MLA said that the villages should cooperate with various government departments so that the works will not be interrupted and should not be the obstacles to the development works.
This special training between the Indian and Myanmar troops is on the friendship between the two countries and this is the first time that such a joint exercise has been held between the two countries. type of Ri.
He said that through the full implementation of the PIT NDPS Act, it will take action against complaints against people who have been involved in drug trafficking even after they have been released from police stations or jail.
“If the villages find that there are any people who do not have a Trading License, they should immediately inform us and we will close down all the shops,” said the CEM. shall also send a notice to all the Dorbar Shnongs.
He said that from a time of failure to implement various policies, India has now seen a reform in the implementation system which has brought about progress and change in the country as a whole. other.
The survey was conducted once a year under the provisions of the Collection of Statistics (COS) Act, 2008 (as amended in 2017) and the provisions of the Act introduced in
The HYC has suggested that the results should be announced within 24 hours of the interview.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has recently decided to increase the Fixed Incentive of ASHA workers from T.2000 to T.3000 under the new Community Based Health Incentive Scheme. (CBHIS) for ASHA workers. This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of senior health officials and Leader of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (ASHA) at Shillong.
New Delhi, March 08: The Union Minister of State for Tourism and Culture, G. Kishan Reddy, today addressed the 70th Plenary Meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC). in Guwahati.
The voice of the people will be my voice which I will take to the Regional Committee,” said Bah Marngar.
Chairman of Kamrup District Border Sector Chandra Mohan Patowary said that only through dialogue can the disputes in Langpih Sector be resolved.
“This monument was erected in memory of 26 Khasi (Labour Corps) who volunteered to take part in the First World War in France to carry ammunition, rifles and other items. other necessary equipment of the French army and the monument was unveiled in 1927," the organization said in the petition.
The players under 14/15 years old have taken part in the academies of the biggest clubs in India. We hope that one day we will see that the young girls of Ribhoi will represent the state. we.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya, R. Chandranathan, on Tuesday said that in self-defence, police shot Cheristerfield Thangkhiew from the bottom of his chest. died of his injuries on the way to hospital.
The construction of these buildings has started since October 2017 and 40 per cent of the construction of the Medical College and Regional Cancer Center has been completed and is expected to be completed before March
The political parties should stop this struggle, instead of struggling they should go to their respective constituencies to gather the people as they do during the elections to demand. He said that until the ILP is received, the implementation of the entry and exit points will continue in the state.
The Government has decided to strengthen the health facilities in the state by upgrading the health facilities at various levels to meet the needs of the people. Sub Centres, PHCs or CHCs. On this occasion, the MLA and MDC of this area welcomed the guests. Shillong, March 03: U Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that he has received two RTI requests for the construction of a Sub Center at Lum Sohpet Bneng, one on 4/7 /2022 and another on 28/7/2022, these projects were funded by the Ministry of Tourism of the Central Government.
Bah Maron Suting said that according to his experience as the Sordar of the village, this children's dorbar is very important especially in terms of cleanliness, education, sports and especially in terms of consensus and dignity.
The raids were conducted in Polo, Khyndailad, Mawprem, Laban and other places. KHNAM in this letter also sent the number plates of vehicles according to their findings.
Sengbath Chambugong, president, Achik Youth Welfare Organisation.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) has held a meeting in four circles including Sawsymper, Mawsynram, Lawbah, Balat and Ranikor.
Shillong, June 19: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum has confirmed himself as the President of the party through a press statement on 09th June
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the MDA Government held at the Secretariat , Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong announced that the MDA Government will appoint Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as a candidate for the Speaker election.
But what is needed now is to learn how to live together.
John said that there has been a turning point to achieve the goals of Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who set the goal and said that through the Sixth Amendment to unite the jaidbynriew, but that goal has failed. Because the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council has split into two sides.
The 3 km race was inaugurated by Ajay Kumar Tiwari Commandant 100 Bn BSF. The schools that came to take part in the race were from those schools on the border with Bangladesh.
The Ayushman Bharat Yojanaka plays a major role in building a healthy and prosperous India through a network of more than 1,54,000 health and wellness centres, and also provides insurance to sections of society that there is nothing to do.
The program started from Kher Sohlap-Umdoh-Mawpot which is the venue of Hat Shella. bag long market.
Let this be a pride to promote that this understanding will grow spiritually to be rich in comparison with other countries and to turn to peaceful activities and to be worthy of peace. thighs.
The central government, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is aiming to remove the sense of rule and the people will regard themselves as rulers where houses and vehicles with lights pass. saw in the back of their car.
The CAG's findings are sufficient for the Government to immediately shut down these dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills, as the permitting of dewbilat factories here may be a scam. “It's a big shock, many of these things will come to light and soon the politicians' misuse of money and auction of the state will come to light,” said Bah PL Majaw President of JYF.Ong. JYF.(SP News).
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir today swore in Tathagata Roy as the new Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan.
On the other hand, the Speaker referred to the decision of the Supreme Court of India.
Furthermore, all shops, offices and banks in Umthlong Village will be closed immediately and anyone who violates this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC.Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has visited the Civil Hospital Shillong to inspect the construction of a 270 liter oxygen generation plant which can produce 270 liters of oxygen per minute.
There were 711 students who completed their studies at various levels.
Therefore, the group has also sent a letter to the Chief Minister to demand that he should take the same measures as the central government and other states.
After the announcement of the victory of Bah Latilpang as the new CEM, the new CEM was accompanied by Bah Lamphrang Blah and awarded with a jainryndai by Grace Mary Kharpuri.
Dr Kharlukhi was born on 27th November 1956 in Jowai. He is the son of Iehnoh Laloo and Emslieban Kharlukhi.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Union Cabinet today chaired by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. The decision is to eliminate the VIP culture which has no place in public administration.
Those who live in Jammu and Kashmir do not enjoy human rights or citizenship rights.
In another incident, a Hyundai Santro this morning collided with a two wheeler and the driver was injured and taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment, police said.
