As the days go by, we have seen that the restrictions have increased and it is time for the people to understand how to protect themselves.
The DDWS Secretary, AS&MD (NJJM), JS&MD (SBM) and other senior officials from the Central Government Department also attended the meeting.
The Director said that all those who tested positive were negative.
On the other hand, the Union Minister said that many schemes have been implemented by the Union Government for the development of agriculture and the aim is to improve the income of the farmers. the farmer has two shares of what he used to get.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi arrives in Chennai on October 11,
The Social Forestry Division, East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima and the Dorbar Shnong Mawrah, on 09th July, 2023, held a program to celebrate the Environment Day at the tourist spot. Rangkylliaw in Mawrah Village has set a target to improve the quality of the tourist spot by planting more trees.
MHIS-PMJAY has helped her a lot when she had to go to hospital for treatment, she said.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Meghalaya Police together with Delhi police have arrested six Nigerians who cheated T.21 lakh from a person from Meghalaya through Facebook. Meghalaya.
The letter, written by the first Prime Minister of India, was recently received and was discovered after the GCC conducted a thorough investigation after many years.
The Government of Meghalaya has been informed of the release of this amount by letter No E-8
The indefinite strike has reached its second day and teachers have started coming from all over the state to take part in the strike in Shillong.
On this occasion, Laptops were distributed to the students of 12 grades for the students of 19South Shillong Constituency who are studying between Class X and Class XII. He said that victory comes with effort.
: The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) Department has conducted training for its members during the non-tragic incidents across the state.
Shillong, July 22: The Hima Mylliem has expressed its gratitude to the government and the KHADC for allowing the reopening of the market although there are still only a few shops, ie 413 shops per day. There are 1222 pieces in the book.
He praised the role of nurses in palliative care, especially for those in the final stages of illness.
Replying to a motion tabled by Jirang MDC Victor Ranee in the House on the registration of land, Basaiawmoit said the Executive Committee led by him will not allow it. People living in the border area to register their land free of charge.
This Modi government has not explained the facts to the people.
These employees were also given medicines to distribute to the public as a precautionary measure while they are being delivered to the health centres.
You work and work like you do.
Shillong, March 12: Speaking at the awards ceremony, Forest Minister James K Sangma said it is sad to see the smuggling of wildlife from Meghalaya.
It has already sent a message to the government to include all the residents in the Committee including Rangbah Shnong, Daloi, Syiems and even land owners.
The Government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners to set up District and Sub Division Vigilance Monitoring Committees to ensure that there will be no smuggling of beverages.
Shillong, November 15: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSA) today launched a Post Card Campaign to protest against the silence of the Ministry of Education (MSA). send the first installment to the Government of Meghalaya.
The party does not want or choose the path of violence but we will have to take that path if this situation continues like this to harass members and intimidate the public and children.
He said that there has also been a loss of lives in the construction of this road.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills has been working hard to clear this road at the time of writing. you night.
In the meeting with the CEM, the leaders of various civil society organizations who attended the ceremony said that the KHADC should not issue a No Objection Certificate for this road. train while not having adequate safeguards against outside encroachment.
Police have urged the public not to respond to these people who call in the name of KBC and offer prizes.
The winner received a cash prize of 70,000 tyngka and the runner-up received a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka.
The Minister in charge of Sports in his speech said that the total number of participants in the 5Meghalaya Games 2024 will be more than 3000 including the officers of the Sports Department during these seven days. The tournament will be held in 23 categories.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 890 out of which 268 are from the Army and 622 are from civilians. 15, East Garo Hills 136, South West Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 13, East Garo Hills 71 and North Garo Hills
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also expressed his gratitude to the civil society organizations in the North East who came out to protest.
In West Khasi Hills, he won all four constituencies.
There are some states which have already decided to continue the curfew.
Tomorrow morning it will be known whom the people of Meghalaya will send as MPs to the Lok Sabha of India to be their leaders.
Shillong, Iaiong, 12 : The elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be held within the next 40 months and candidates who intend to contest have turned to the National People's Party (NPP) under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma who is also MP from 2-Tura constituency.
During the search of the vehicle, police seized a large quantity of sari which was intended to be sent to Bangladesh and the price of these clothes has reached Bangladesh. Bangladesh border.
At this meeting, after discussion, it was decided to implement Section 144 CrPC only at the polling stations. This decision was accepted by the political parties who attended the polling station. this meeting today.
The discussion on this day was fruitful and the Regional Committees were directed to take action to bring about a positive response among the people living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
These are from the elderly.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister of Home Affairs confirmed that it is true that the Chief Minister has invited the leaders of the civil society to meet on the 15th of July. next year to discuss how to curb the influx of people into the state.
He said that the time demands and the time calls for every youth of the jaidbynriew and to follow the call of the jaidbynriew, the leaders of the past have led the way and this will continue to encourage the issues. The party will continue to convince the rulers who are trying to do wrong.
All Adhoc teachers of Upper Primary Schools across the West Khasi Hills District are invited to attend the meeting, said a statement from Bah Kenneth, President of MUPSTA. : On the allegation that there are snaiap workers within the government's insect control department as reported in the media today, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that there will be no escape from the law. , those who have done wrong will have to pay the price for their actions.
KSU Mawlai Circle wishes all the families of Bri U Hynniewtrep and all those brothers and sisters who live abroad to be free from this terrible disease. and that they may be in the midst of a healthy body.
The training was attended by women, MCS/MPS officers, government officials, civil society organizations and a group of mothers. .
On the same day, police arrested a driver of a vehicle from Mawlai carrying the UDP Lama and seized 38 bottles of kyiad from the vehicle.
On the other hand, the village council has said that there will be no violence by the visitors but no one has listened to the prohibition of the village council. place.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, is now considering whether to appoint the Chief Minister as the temporary superintendent of Meghalaya. to be four or six months.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony, Conrad expressed his special thanks to the people of 51-South Tura who have given their trust to him and all those who have worked hard for the 51-South Tura. his role in this mid-term election to defeat him.
S, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Working President of the MPCC, Deborah Marak, today met with AICC Vice President Rahul Gandhi and discussed only the issue of strengthening the party.
To register for those within the 100 acres will cost T.2000 tyngka, for those within the 10 acres up to 50 acres will cost T.5000 tyngka.
The inspection was accompanied by PWD Engineers, VPP members, Rangbah Shnong, Tymmen Basan and Rangbah Balang.
Others who attended the ceremony included Ministers, MLAs in the MDA government, Bah Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Government officials, NPP office bearers and leaders, Deputy Commissioner of Isawanda Laloo, SP Hebert G Lyngdoh and others.
She said that all these years Nongkrem has given confidence to the parents to lead the KHADC, but they have not been able to do anything to protect their rights. women such as those who have been abused by their husbands, have not been raped and have wanted to give birth to their fathers.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Shillong Police on Tuesday after receiving a tip raised a search warrant at Room 106 inside Hotel Monsson at GS Road in Police Bazar.
The festival was organized in collaboration with the Department of Culture and Heritage of the Government of Meghalaya and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) Shillong. .
“For about 5 or 6 years now, the government has been trying to strengthen education.
He pointed to two incidents that marked a turning point in the state.
Timothy D Shira has won the post of Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly without any opposition.
We are women, mothers, sisters, we have brothers and sisters and I urge the women to come forward in this state of politics and especially from our party, we have Dr.Ampareen “As women, we are happy and pleased that women have the right to shape society,” she said.
On the same day, Bah Avner Pariat sent his resignation letter to the VPP which was also sent to the media.
“On my part, or on the part of the government, I know that there is no such uranium mining, the government has not given permission, but when there is such information, the government has not given permission. “I don't know what to do,” said the Chief Minister.
We are the children of Gandhiji.
Those who nominate themselves for this award must have participated in any of the games and must clearly state on the form that they have completed and sent to the Sports Department what they have done. do and their contribution in that regard.
Regarding the deposit in the Joint Account, which was signed by AC Kundu of UCIL at that time, Bah A Shangpliang and what KHADC received was a 2% service charge. CB Syiem, Dr C Lyngdoh, PN Syiem, incumbent CEM, Manstudy Nongrem, Ardent Basaiawmoit and Adelbert. Nongrum and now Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, July 26: The High Court of Meghalaya today celebrated its 73rd Republic Day on the ground floor of the High Court. the HCM of Justice Sanjib Banerjee.
East Khasi Hills Police and Ri Bhoi District Police have arrested suspected HNLC members who were planning to detonate another IED in Nongpoh. Four persons arrested by the police include Damanbha Ripnar alias Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar and Jill Tariang. Shining Nongrum and all those arrested are from Ri Bhoi District.
I have had the opportunity to visit around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and the Ri-Bhoi Hills and I am still trying to do better as I can better understand your problems and aspirations.
Jowai, Nailur 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit together with the KSU Namdong Unit today met with the Deputy Commissioner West. Jaintia Hills District Jowai to inform him of the problems of the people of the border area in Khanduli Village.
There are 59 recoveries from 9 districts, East Khasi Hills 17, Ri Bhoi 13, West Garo Hills 12, the total number of recoveries so far is 913
The Meghalaya Sarva Education Association (MSSASA) has said it will accept the decision but the SSALP and UPSTA have opposed the decision.
One person has been confirmed positive for COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 13883 in the state.
If the present government does not appoint the dismissed officers, the party will take to the streets to protest against the corruption of the NPP-led MDA government,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the residence of Joydeep Sharma at 2.30 pm this morning.
These laws, which empowered the army, were to fight against the insurgents and in the name of the insurgents, the minorities, such as their leaders, were insulted and often used. They have wronged the power to take their lives where the minorities are fighting to protect the land.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, they also urged him to look into the appointment of one of the members with disabilities as members of the MPSC or within the DSCs.
Another person was injured in a collapse of a well on Bivar Road and was shifted to Woodland Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, July 06: The Union Government today held a public hearing on the schemes of the Union Government in Shillong.
According to the Supreme Court order, no advertisement shall be published on television, newspapers or the internet without this certificate.
Police from West Jaintia Hills will leave for Manipur to bring the woman to Jowai for further investigation.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Deborah C Marak, Minister of Education, Parliamentary Secretaries Cherak W. Momin, Brigady Marak, Sengnam Marak and Marthone J. Sangma, Principal. Secretary, Education, Bah DP Wahlang, Director, Higher and Technical Education, Ram Singh, Director, School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Marak, East Garo Hills Deputy Commissioner, HB Marak, and other government officials from the district.
Tura, Naitung 3: Clashes between police and GNLA troops at Bolsal A'ding, near Resubelpara lasted for half an hour.
During the meeting, the teachers raised their issues before the Chief Minister and among them were that the state has 434 adhock secondary schools and 2353 teachers in the state. all who teach in such schools.
Since the establishment of Frank Motors in Shillong, the four-wheeler dealership has employed about 100 people and 80 percent of them are Khasi youth.
The Government has clarified that the shini has been distributed to the people through the ration shops in plastic bags with the seal of the state government. The price is T.20/- per kilo which is lower than the market price.
Those who took part in the welcome speech were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, Renikton L Tongkhar and Timothy. D Shira, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and other members of the House.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Nongmensong Youth Wing Samla P.Warjri in the presence of the village officials.
At the beginning of the meeting, Samla Nehemayah Tyngkan expressed his desire to contest the MLA election in 2018 to the residents of Iooksi Iapkhla.
The party will continue to oppose the railway line because until now we have not seen those mechanisms to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
The meeting was attended by Samborlang Shabong, Vice President of KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and Samborlang Shabong, Asst. young men who have brought glory to the nation.
The people of Garo Hills and even here in Khasi-Jaintia are still waiting for the NPP Chief Minister to decide on the post of GHADC on 12th October a decision that will cause doubt to the people of Meghalaya or he will make a decision as a true and impartial leader (as a man of integrity).
On the issue of the District Task Force, the union reminded and urged the district authorities that this committee has been established since 2018 and expressed its concern over the delay in implementation.
Therefore, to prevent any inconvenience, it is strictly prohibited to set up unauthorized toll/check gates and to collect forcibly along the National Highways, State Roads. “Anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that they have been demanding this issue.
On the other hand, Bah Roipar said that they have to take this issue to their group to discuss before taking any development because they alone cannot answer what they will do, but u It was confirmed that today's talks were not successful and the protest will continue.
The Chief Minister said that the government through various schemes has reached T.700 crore to help the farmers in the state. farmers to increase their income.
The first is to raise pigs for breeding piglets, the second is to cut pigs for rearing for fruit consumption and the ark is also for the production of pig feeds .
The Prime Minister said he is confident that other states in the North East will follow suit.
He said that if the TADA Act can be repealed why can't the MPDA be repealed, these laws like the MPDA MMPO are laws only to violate human rights.
"The passing away of one of the members of the group on the 11th June 2020, who was a friend and brother, Bah Baiaineh C.Shangpliang (Bah Nah) has been a great loss. and there was no place for them.
The target for the next 15 days is to screen 10,00,000 people and distribute 3,00,000 Sickle Cell Status ID cards to those who have already been screened.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya on the 25th of this month has written a D.O letter to the Union Home Secretary of the Union Government to inform the Union Government that there is a need for discussions on the issue. peace talks with the GNLA in the state to bring peace.
The office has already sent a letter to the state government for the payment of the fee. As of now, the government has not yet sent the money. pay the money to the land owners to start work on this road.
Also present at the meeting was Bah Larry P Warjri, Head of the Employment Regeneration Committee.
At the same time, the militants seized three SLR rifles, an AK47 and an Insas rifle from the police.
This is not a waterfall for us but in the years to come, we will continue with various larger programs on this special day.
There is no point in knowing God without knowing man.
People aged 30 years and above were screened for hypertension and diabetes and those suspected of having these diseases were referred to higher health facilities.
The HFU will also recognize those farmers who have received awards from the State Government or the Meghalaya Government for their agriculture and also those farmers who have worked hard and They have been able to earn a living and earn a living only from agriculture whether they are young or old.
Therefore, the unit believes that such households should be provided with foodgrains without being biased by any party.
The Government has announced that the Districts of Khasi, Jaintia and Ribhoi will have a Special Holiday every year as a sign of remembrance of the works of this great man.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Judge of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council today administered the oath of office to all the 29 newly elected MDCs for the election.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Union Minister Krishan Pal Gurjar has nominated two candidates for the presidential election, NDA candidate Draupadi Mrumu and UDA candidate Yashwant Sinha. The Ministry of Electricity and Industries, India today visited Ri Bhoi District regarding the implementation of development schemes in the district. haka in India.
Effective communication, 9.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, who is a member of the HPC, said that the site for the construction of the new dorbar hall is at Mawdiangdiang of NEGHRIHMS hospital and the area of ​​the site is 88 acres. .
Therefore, to go back to the Central Government for the work that has already been done and especially that which has already gone through the judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India, is just a childish act. jackets.
Shillong, July 26: The Speaker of the Opposition, Bah Process T Sawkmie today called upon all the 60 MLAs of the Legislative Assembly and all three MPs of the Legislative Assembly to work together to ensure that the Central Agricultural University (CAU) should be located within the State of Meghalaya.
The Dolloi has issued the Confirmation for three years under section 26 of the above Act.
This incident happened on 1-01-2
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Additional District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District today enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the use or sale of plastic bags less than 50 microns in the country. respond.
We will bring you more detailed news when more information is available shortly.
“This tragic incident shows that there is something inside the police station,” said Rimpu in a statement.
He said that he wants to help the people, whether they are rich or poor, and he wants to have a relationship with the people whether they are poor or rich.
Shillong, November 08: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 98 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills and 73 in West Garo Hills. 11, Ri Bhoi 8, South West Garo Hills 03, East Jaintia Hills 02, East Garo Hills 1, 602 cases have been confirmed so far.
The drugs were seized from two women in a tourist taxi, Tinkhonei Haokip, 37, Mongkim Haokip, 53, all from New Keithelmanbi. Village, Senapati, Manipur.
Sandorlem Makhroh (31) of Tasku Nongrim village initially tried to confess to the crime, but after being warned by the leaders, he was arrested. he confessed that he had committed the act while intoxicated.
There were 602 males and 498 females who attended the dance.
The Khasi believe that they are the children of God, which is why the saying “Tip Briew Tip Blei” comes from.
Suk Pariat, President of the BJP Women's Wing in Meghalaya, said that the Manipur government should arrest and punish those involved in this unacceptable crime.
The Central Government has implemented many programs for their benefit and this Government led by the Prime Minister of India is looking after those with disabilities.
Shah also met with the leaders of the Ramakrishna Mission.
The population density per kilometer in India is 382, ​​the number of children aged 0-6 is 163.8 million, an increase of 0.4% in the last 40 years. who went.
To date, 6738 Oxygen Concentrators have been distributed; 3856 oxygen cylinders; 16 Oxygen Generation Plants; 4668 ventilators/Bi PAP; About 3 lakh doses of Remdesivir from 27th June to 8th June,
On the other hand, the PWD officers especially the Executive Engineer who was present at the inspection said that the suspension of the work is due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 19, the office will complete the cleaning before Christmas and the cleaning before the rain.
On this occasion, I would like to extend my best wishes to you all.
John D Sangma said that since the destruction of houses on 12.10.2020, the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District has sent officials from the Wildlife Department to investigate the incident. they will investigate, but unfortunately, they have not yet received any assistance.
In the constituencies under the KHADC, Mairang has the highest turnout with 67 per cent, followed by Mathadraishan with 66 per cent and Rambrai with 54 per cent.
Speaking on the occasion, the coal traders and exporters said that they are not happy with the decision to ban coal mining and now it is difficult for them to start another life to start a new job. you affect.
On the other hand, the doctors have expressed their concerns according to their findings that there are religious groups who do not want to take precautionary measures and this is the problem that the doctors are facing in several areas. of East Khasi Hills District.
As a result, many children who are able to go to school, have forgotten their own Khasi thought and this has created differences between paradoh parasnam.
The names of the candidates are Mitchell Wankhar, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Lamphrang Blah and Macdalyne Mawlong.
Shillong, June 27: BSF troops from Umsyiem in East Khasi Hills District today arrested a Bangladeshi while he was trying to flee from India to Bangladesh.
The commission has given the club nine days to submit its replies to the commission.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah Spein Marboh, Rangbah Dong, Bah Kwirin Sohtun, Bah Nowen Marboh, Club Leaders and Sordar Shnong Tanglei.
Bah Marshall has been missing since Saturday last month at 1.30 pm after a garbage dump collapsed at Marten which has been a garbage dump in Mawlai for 86 years, since
On the other hand, the players of Shillong Lajong played hard but could not score.
Regarding the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, 2016 and the rules of the meeting, the MDA has decided to review the Act and the rules to strengthen the Therefore, I would like to ask you to consider the following questions:
Shillong, Nailar 25: The office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) in collaboration with the Pynursla Youth Association (NYKS) in collaboration with the Pynursla Youth Association (NYKS) has organized a unity celebration this month at the village. Pynursla in the presence of Heavens Star Mawkon and Ibalarilang Khongsni.
The President of KAS, Dr. DRL Nonglait urged the State Government to immediately take this demand to the Central Government.
Referring to his duties in the Lok Sabha, he said that he will fight as much as he can to raise awareness of the problems faced by the state and to ensure that this region and the North East will be protected. get the benefit.
KC Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Arts and Culture, KNongrum and J. Hynniewta, President and Secretary of the Sengbah of Nongshat Nongkhein Hynniew Trep respectively, along with thousands of people who attended the ceremony. only on this day.
Even after these lives have been lost, the Government has not taken much action to resolve the border issue in a proper manner and to provide full protection to the residents in the border areas.
This was stated by Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the KSU in a statement sent today.
“The contribution of the Indian National Army and Subhas Chandra Bose in the struggle for India's independence should be explained in the textbooks of school and college students,” he said. Joydeep Mukherjee.
Shillong, July 02: Police have arrested Tosi Pala for allegedly stabbing his mother, Orio Pala, at Kookyndeng village.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District from 23.01.2017 and the deadline for submission is
Other reporters said that the problem faced in the construction of the Medical College is that the road is not adequate.
Shillong, November 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged the people to donate to the Armed Forces Flag Day Fund on this occasion.
A wreath laying ceremony, a silence was held to commemorate Tirotsing and a short meeting was held.
Shillong, July 06: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has decided to hold an election for the election of new office bearers on the 23rd of this month. .
Shylla started as a people's leader from a public meeting at Madan Malki and was one of the pioneers to form a three-flag government by including the APHLC, PDIC and HSPDP. DD Pugh as Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 1978 and after that he resigned from the Accountant General's Office.
They alleged that the delay for three months in sending the rules to the Deputy Commissioners of the districts is a stingy calculation of the government of Dr Mukul Sangma himself as the prime minister. and leaders of the church.
At the meeting, many of the people who attended the meeting decided to hold a public meeting on the 11th of this month to protest against such acts.
Her call, however, was only through the media.
Although the Government has taken measures to curb the spread of this disease, it has been seen that with the passing of the days, this disease has spread rapidly in every village without any count whether they are in the city or in the countryside.
Regarding the statement of the Prime Minister, the HNLC said that this statement is a childish statement just because it does not want to reach peace talks and wants to show that it is The HNLC has expressed its gratitude to HNYF Leader Sadon Blah, KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah, KSU and UDP MLA Embhah Syiemlieh for expressing their condolences. They also questioned why the MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia are silent on the HNLC's desire for peace talks.
The Seng would like to make it clear that it is against the passenger and freight railway, no railway should be talked about in the Bri u Hynniewtrep until the Inner Line Permit and other laws are passed. fight against the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya.
The inspectors and managers of the parking lot, said that on one step, the police had ordered that private vehicles should not be allowed to enter and if found, they would be arrested. even the parking lot guards.
Daniel Khyriem, Former President of KSU Sengkmie was the Chief Guest and Bah Shemphang L. Mawphlang, Litigation Secretary of KSU Sengkmie along with other leaders of KSU Laban Circle. .
Shillong, Nailar 26: The construction of the Meghalaya Information Technical Society (MITS) building is in progress and is expected to be completed by October, 2021 for the benefit of the youth of the State. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Bah Mesainma Laloo, Manager of the 7th Mile Weigh Bridge in West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday lodged a complaint against some members of the JHCMA.
The BSF has stepped up its patrols as the ID is approaching and the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh will continue in these days.
Blik Sohtun said that the Union has already conveyed the issue to the District Council and Pyniaid immediately telephoned the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) regarding the issue. The Union has now relied on the KHADC to take action on this issue.
The Ministry of Electricity has issued a statement saying that there is a concern that this could affect the grid and the light outage which could affect the light equipment.
It may be recalled that after the KSU opposed the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji by the central government because it is not for the purpose of mining uranium, the KHADC has promised not to issue the NOC. The CEM has promised to allocate Rs 20 crore from the KHADC fund for the improvement of this road which has not started yet.
The commission will investigate the incident.
The group was led by Father Louis Mathias, who became the first Bishop of Shillong in
New Delhi, July 10: The Government of India has set up a Committee for Peace in Manipur under the leadership of the Governor of Manipur, Anusuiya Uikey.
The trip was funded by the North Eastern Council and the Planning Department of the Government of Manipur. The trip was led by the Manipur Mountaineering Trekking Association (MMTA).
In 10 months, the daily wage earns T.2000 thousand.
He said this while speaking at a meeting with the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dr Sanjeev Kumar Baliyan in Shillong today.
KHNAM demands a suspension of the recruitment as the Government has decided.
Regarding the information, he said that the people should take only what comes from the government through the media. The government will provide adequate information to the people to know what has happened and what has happened. the government acts for the sake of the people.
This was stated by Samborlang Shabong, President, KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The seven-day exercise between Indian and Myanmar troops at Umroi started today under the command of the Red Horns Division.
KSU Warmawsaw Unit together with the Dorbar Shnong Warmawsaw has organized a workshop on environmental protection and tree planting.
Fantin Jospeh Lakdong has filed his nomination papers for the MDC election from Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency. Ampareen Priest.
“Don't stop until I get to Sohra Police Station and we will discuss what will happen,” he added.
However, the Karbi took advantage of the fact that the Khasi fields fell within the border of Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 352 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
The Seng does not accept this and should immediately change the order that only through Adhar can be accessed this scheme.
How can the law and the government authorities surprise the people when tragic incidents happen?
The meeting was attended by Deputy CEM Grace Mary Kharpuri EM on behalf of KHADC while other Rangbah Shnongs who are members of Mawlai Town Dorbar were also present. Mawlai Town Council.
On the other hand, Cornad said to the Prime Minister that his government should completely stop such incidents of attacks on Christians, and this order should come from the office of the Prime Minister of the country to provide protection to all religions in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has directed to take necessary action regarding the increase in the salaries of adhoc teachers.
The training is based on the principle of having a military force to maintain peace in accordance with the mandate of the United Nations. soldiers to maintain peace.
On that basis, the Foundation wants you to stop the construction and we cannot refuse. If these petitions we have lodged with the relevant authorities don't work, we have to go to the High Court and we have to take the petition. The case has been referred to the National Green Tribunal (NTG) and we will not listen and we will not allow these buildings,” said the GTF. Mebanpynshngaiñ Khyriem and Mangpaka Nongkynrih of PFR Football Academy, Shillong have been selected from Meghalaya to take part in the U-13 Final Selection Trial of the Reliance Foundation Young Champ to be held in Navi, Mumbai Maharashtra from 3 January to 7 January, 2024.
The recommendation to the government regarding the companies is to re-employ the companies that have started their operations. This is to prevent the emergence of companies that are subsidiaries of the Companies and more importantly, those companies where the public invests money and companies that do not keep proper accounts will be deleted from their register and directors will be prohibited from holding office for more than 10 years. time that is set.
South Garo Hills District has the highest number of villages without electricity and Eastern West Khasi Hills District has the lowest number of villages without electricity.
The Secretary of the HPC has alleged that the social agreement between the Hima Mylliem, the Urban Development Department and the Shillong Municipal will be illegal. Gurjit Singh was arrested.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860, the District Magistrate said.
Work for the airport was completed in record time, although there were setbacks due to the pandemic during the process.
The Wangala Festival was first held at Asananggre on 6th and 7th November 1976, and after that the Wangala Festival was held again in November every year. until this day.
"“We don't take this step and we hope that this female officer, who was born and raised in Meghalaya, should become a leader in the State Police Department because she understands the plight of “It is the most important part of the Police Department,” said Bah Kharkrang.
The Modi government has brought the Rafale to India.
The award will be given only to the students of 19 Shillong South Constituency.
BJP National President Jagat Prakash Nadda has condemned the theft and appointed a four-member Fact Finding Committee to investigate the incident.
On the other hand, Bah Gibert G Kharaswai General Secretary of Kharraswai Kynrang Lawbah Zone, said that at this meeting of the Kur, there will also be an award ceremony for the children and students of the Kur. Their education from Class I to those who have completed their Degree and Master Degree.
Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM said that many times the people of Meghalaya are not only the people who are affected by the suffering.
In the early years there were prominent figures of Khasi literature such as Prof Radhon Sing Lyngdoh who became the first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the State.
These donations were received by the Principal of the school in the presence of the teachers.
COMSO said that we are not against the development of the state but what we want is that these union ministers should come to the state.
“These days I have gone to inform the Executive Engineer (EE) and the SDO in charge of Mawsynram area through the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department regarding the problems faced by the residents. They are facing especially during this rainy season which affects the poor families,” he said.
Minister Duh pointed out the role of technology in the opening up of health services and their improvement and explained in detail about the Government's monitoring of the implementation of technology in these services.
The HPF demands that the public should disclose how many people are sitting in one vehicle, if they carry many vehicles, they should know the number of vehicles they are sitting in. The party wants the law to be equal for all and not to discriminate against the poor and the rich.
Replying to the statement of the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong on the illegal entry of foreigners, the CEM of KHADC said that the Minister has spoken without responsibility. The purpose of the ILP is to prevent people from other states from coming to settle in the state.
The heavy rainfall has affected traffic during the two hours of heavy rainfall today.
At the same time, it was said that the government should expedite the payment to hospitals through the MHIS cards, as at present there is a problem that the government is delaying the payment of medicines that should be paid. If the government pays earlier, it will help the hospitals in the state.
Police have arrested Esther Ramhmangaih, 37, from her residence in Madanriting Thembasuk Block F and recovered T.4,42,000 from her. Robinson Hmar, 19, of Bawngkawn Aizawl and Letminlen Doungel, 30, of Tuibong, Churachandpur, Manipur were also arrested.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Students and teachers of the Department of Music of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) have gathered at the Dorbar Hall, Mission Compound to take part in a song festival entitled “ In the State of Khriang.
This is an attempt to take these precious buildings that Shillong has, this is the purpose of this “Heritage Walk” and this will also be an opening for the youth to become leaders. to the tourists, said the Chief Minister.
On the same day, the meeting which was attended by the HYC, HITO, Sur u Hynniewtrep, STIEH, HNYM and others, also burnt the tyngshops of these two MLAs as a condolence.
The decision to dissolve the old offices was taken at the executive committee meeting held on the 21st of this month.
Shillong, Lber 28: Many of those stranded in Shillong have returned to their villages on foot.
Regarding the defeat in Rajasthan, the defeat was due to the struggle between the Congress brothers, as happened within the BJP. This is politics that cannot be avoided and will continue. occur.
These street lights which the Border Area Development wants to build will be through solar lights. The government is preparing this scheme and it will go to the central government to allocate funds.
Shillong, Nailur 03: During his visit to Delhi, the Chief Minister met with the Union Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Hardeep Singh Puri in the presence of Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of State for Home Affairs. state.
At present, the government has allocated land for the office of the party but it is still small. The party has requested for land to build an office in Shillong. the A.Chick Literary Society in Tura.
The union urges the State Government to pay special and urgent attention to the youth of the state who are the budlum of the country and the nation as a whole, before the budlum become weak and discouraged.
The march started from Chandmary Football Ground and ended at New Tura Football Ground. The march started with a prayer and was concluded by Austin CB Marah, General Secretary of GHSMC. Speakers on the occasion were CEM of GHADC Boston Ch Marak, Nikman Ch Marak Chairman of GHSMC and Augustine Ch Marak. I don't want to claim Garoland.
The Central Government has also set up a number for the garment manufacturers to call when they do not receive the ksai.
The main purpose of this meeting is to monitor and evaluate the management of schools through the education of children in the state especially in relation to private schools which are the main cause. he is good.
“Although I have a talent in singing, this has also opened the door for me to serve the people and singing is one of the jobs to serve the people,” said Bah Kongwang. He has long served the people with his songs, but he wanted to serve the people by entering the political field and speaking in the House of Representatives in the District Council.
He said that 20 women security guards of private companies were also appointed on that day, but they stayed far away and did not participate. need.
Shillong, November 10: In a meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the salaries of the employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GARDC) have not been paid since u month of January 2018.
Meanwhile, NPP MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, on Tuesday vowed to file a complaint against Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit for corruption in the purchase of land for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Mawkyrwat. South West Khasi Hills when he was the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, has appointed a Magistrate's Inquiry into the fire at Thana Road, Khyndai Lad on the 14th of this month. a marketplace bustling with sellers and buyers but crowded with traffic.
In West Garo Hills, 6, East Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 16, South Garo Hills 3 and East Jaintia Hills
Perhaps new knowledge and information can be created.
The party urges the people of Riwar area as well as those from neighboring villages to come out and take part as directed by the SDO so that it will bring victory.
Prestone said that when the MDA was formed, everyone agreed to urge the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to lead the MDA. Prestone, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the meeting was held at the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Through this application, the public can learn more about the election. On this day, prizes and epics were also distributed to the newcomers.
Thousands of people have turned out for the hearing and the traders have also waited outside to know what will happen.
The CD&HG and the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) have continued to work hard to ensure the safety of the people by providing emergency assistance as soon as information is received.
Therefore, the presence of speed breakers on the NH-6 is unacceptable,” said Bah Dkhar.
He said that 300 officers have been trained to conduct the polling on the 21st of this month and the polling day on the 24th of this month.
For 40 years, coal mining has been going on in Meghalaya. To shut down coal mining without explaining and giving time to the people to think is something that will turn into a problem. Lakhs of people who earn their living from the trade and billing of coal.
He said that the resolution cannot be resolved at one meeting but they will resolve it one after another at each of the 12 places where there is a mutual discussion by going to those places. They want the border between the two states to be resolved.
“We will continue to monitor this issue so that the construction of the entry and exit points for the mynder will not be too easy,” said the Seng leaders.
The theme of the festival is “To promote, empower and recognize the power of the elderly”. The festival was organized by the office of the District Medical Health Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The Syiem of Riad Marwet has issued two pata to Gogoi, one pata with Dag No 000883 issued on 11.05.2013 and one with Dag No 000857 issued on .2013.
Some of them have not returned home because they have lost their lives in the fight against the disease, he said.
The closure of these vehicles will be from 3/08.2020. Only food vehicles, ambulance vehicles and passenger vehicles will be allowed to enter the area.
To make allegations is not an easy task, and if you need to call us, we are ready to come to the police station," he said.
He said that KAS, which has been leading for 40 years to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra, has decided to hold the programs of the Society in Delhi where the National Seminar will be held. on the topic 'Khasi Language, Literature and Culture.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 317 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. Hills 51 cases, the total number of cases is
On the other hand, the people of this area have helped them to improve the equipment.
Vehicles have also been banned from carrying more than the limit set by the government and those who carry excessive limits will be punished according to the law. more than three persons and carry weapons.
The Union has warned the government that if it fails to issue a license to the Blood Bank in Jowai, the Union is ready to resume the protest program next year. new 2014.
He said that the Sengbhalang does not accept this bill at all and urged the people to reject this bill immediately as it is a weak and weak law. he hath deceived the righteous and the wicked.
At the same time, the DC said that the demand for money from the company happened two months ago, the Manager of M/s Jims Flame received a letter demanding T.25 lakh from the company. “After that, the manager fled to Tura after closing his door.
They also lodged a complaint against Timilda Pyngrope for allegedly asking them to open an account with the bank and to receive Special Grant Assistance from the bank. scheme of the Prime Minister of the Republic.
“At present, the differences between the different ethnic groups in Meghalaya are equal and if there is any new arrangement, it cannot be accepted at all,” said the AIGU. The demand for a review of the policy was brought by the political parties for political gain, with the intention of claiming that there is no equality and to disrespect the Garo people.
The price of wood has been increased from T.500 to T.5000, for wood cut in factories has been increased from T.200 to T.5000, for wood. The fine has been increased from T.200 to T.
It is recommended that there should be no crowding and that a distance of one meter should be maintained.
During the investigation, Rudra Rabha confessed to the police that he had hidden a homemade gun in a forest and led the police to take the ammunition to the place where he had hidden it.
In the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, the union suggested that awareness campaign on the dangers of drugs should be increased in schools so that children and adolescents can avoid drugs. .
He said that this is a special day to dedicate to the country the journey of faith for its good.
He was accompanied by DC West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi, DIG (Western Range) SS Kynjing, religious leaders, spokesperson Rev FD Sangma and Commandant 2nd MLP Bn CBS Reddy.
According to the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, wine stores will be open from the 13th to the 17th of this month from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm. .
However, Gorango Hajong, 25, a member of the BSF, was arrested under the supervision of the BSF.
The appointment of Casual Workers has been approved by the Government.
The group will come back to Shillong on the 28th of this month to meet with the people who wish to apply for this assistance which the World Bank has opened. The World Bank doesn't.
Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court and the First President of the Delhi Unit and other dignitaries and parents who attended the ceremony. he flowed to recognize his brother's flesh and his blood.
The names have been sent to the Meghalaya Lokayukta and the errors have been immediately corrected and the officers have been elected,” she said.
The Shillong Deat Fest 2 will be held at the Basketball Ground, Lachumiere on the 8th of November where 11 bands are expected to perform from 1 pm.
Shillong, June 22: The Village Defense Party of Pongtung village under Pynursla Police Station today at 5.30 pm rescued Nitu Kuri from Lyngkhat village. evil to take power and rob him.
Referring to the land acquisition with Bangladesh, he said that 75% of the land has been completed and the remaining 25% of the land has been acquired. he is the strongest of the shiah.
There is also a village administration, although they do not hold a dorbar but they hold a public meeting once a year in which the women and youth take part in which the village explains the working methods. the village or whatever you decide.
The ANVC has urged the government to call for talks with all the rebel groups in Garo Hills under the banner of the ANVC. The government should invite other NGOs to join in the talks with the government.
If the Central Government wants to implement the CAA, 2019, release the North East and take them to other parts of India. listen to the demands of the people of this North Eastern Region of India.
He said that the documents should be sent to the KHADC, he added.
The residents of Nongjri Polling Station, Waiding Ch Marak, have requested the government to support them. help in this village.
Shillong, June 16: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) today strengthened its work by opening its office at Urbania village in Ri Bhoi District.
“The removal of the Lut Sanspah and Lut Shijar is a destruction of the country like an earthquake,” said Takam. “The Congress party has launched many protests against this. Modi's support is strong.
The government's request for more funds will be discussed during the session. All the government departments have requested 23 funds.
Today, the youth of the country are no longer afraid to enter the country's construction and are turning India into the center of innovation.
The meeting was held at the same venue as usual at the ground floor of Mawkhar Christian School, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the KSU said that the land was sold to wealthy businessmen and then sold back to the state government.
The meeting was attended by officers from the Districts in charge of the distribution of foodgrains in the District and Civil Sub Divisions. The meeting was called to discuss how to improve the distribution of food items to the people. The meeting was attended by P. Bakshi, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Food Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs.
The Border Hat will be opened on the 12th of this month where people from India and Bangladesh will be able to come and buy pets inside the Border Hat.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) RS Gill demanding that the illegally built houses in Mahadev should be removed. Collar.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The KSU Mawlai Circle has expressed its gratitude to the Police Department through the Traffic Department for conducting an awareness program on how to avoid traffic jams from side to side of the road. The traffic department has conducted a training at Mawlai Nongkwar Petrol Pump where they have taught the public especially the school children how to use the Zebra Crossing.
Shillong, July 18: The owner of M/s GS Electrical shop in Mawkhar, Shushil Jasrasaria, has lodged a complaint with the police that he has been robbed of coils of industrial cables from a shop in Motphran recently.
The main reason for the rejection of Aadhaar is because the photography (not photography) of two faces and 10 fingers - one for each hand - has been implemented. It is known in English as biometric data collection.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District has condemned the robbery and brutality of the police in Ribhoi District. KSU Ribhoi Police have searched and arrested KSU members.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Promister Nongrum who also delivered a welcome speech to all the residents and invitees.
It was a day which saw establishments of over 3000 SNGs in our schools.
Replying to the allegation by Bah AL Hek, the Chief Minister said that as an advisor to the Chief Minister, it would be better if he had more money to speak because the removal of him from the post of Minister of State is The BJP has decided to nominate Sanbor Shullai.
He was arrested from Kharkutta in North Garo Hills on a tip-off received by another member of the party, Grikseng Sangma, who was arrested by the police from his house in Araimile village.
Once you turn back, you can turn back to the right.
The amount of this assistance varies from class to class.
The polling will be held on 7th June 2024 in 12 states and union territories.
The Deputy Commissioner and District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu in an order issued on Tuesday has directed all schools, colleges and ITIs run by private companies to close their doors. The Government in the Shillong district will have to close on Friday as it will be the day when the Election Commissioners will leave Shillong.
The theme of Statistics Day, 2024 is “Use of data for decision-making”.
When the elections are over, they become the country's leaders.
Advocate and Dr.S Kharsyiemlieh, Judge of the District Council Court.
The public is encouraged to attend this meeting to get more information.
The Tit planting will be conducted only in 136 villages. Other speakers included MN Nampui Secretary, Agriculture Department.
Babu Kyllimot Lhuid Asst Headmaster Ladmukhla UPS, who conducted the programme, in his speech, said that the district needs people like Sutanuka who work honestly and take responsibility for their work.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
Shillong, November 24: Although the preparations for the Christmas celebration in Shillong have not been as good as in previous years due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the lights inside the church have been turned on. The Catholic Church has done as usual every year, as well as the All Saint's Church in IGP and the office of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly in Khyndailad.
At the same time, the Seng strongly condemns the leaders of the area for being stupid and blind because they do not want to accept this visit of MUDA. to come out on this day so that the demand of the Union of Village Authorities will be successful.
The closure of schools in Garo Hills today was called by various civil society organizations in Garo Hills. On the 27th, they decided to hold a mass march to force the closure of schools in Garo Hills. The Government has not sent a Judicial Inquiry into the matter.
The Joint Director of Civil Hospital Shillong, said that if no family members come to collect the body, the hospital will hand over the body to the Shillong Municipal for cleaning. according to the rules.
The scheme has been continued till 2025.
“Ka seng also urges our leaders, from MDCs, MLAs and even MPs to forget about politics and party feelings at such a time but to stand united. Otherwise the rights of our minority will be violated and our minority will disappear one day”.
Where is that writing? We want to ask.
Puramon Kynjing received 8829 votes and RK Ram Rymbai received 6985 votes out of 16518 voters.
The reason for the visit of the two Ministers to Langpih was that this area is one of the places where they work together and in this place there have been many incidents from time to time and there have been There is also a shooting death of people by the police in the area due to border crossing.
The villagers of Tripura demand Tripura Land without dividing the state.
Due to the urgency of the time, they sent a petition to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, in which he congratulated him and the Dorbar on the establishment of the Dorbar Hima Mylliem after 18 years.
Speaking at the meeting after handing over the donation to the Rangbah Shnong, Samla Makri as the leader of the Sengbhalang said that the Sengbhalang is deeply saddened by this incident. Dozens of houses have been affected, the union also expresses its condolences to these refugees who have suffered such a natural disaster and the union wishes them all the best. that they may be able to recover and earn a decent income so that they may be able to live their daily lives.
The distribution of these leaflets is only the beginning of the union's protest against the plan of the state and central governments to bring the railway line here.
The election was held on 28th April
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: A meeting was held between the supporters of Dr DD Lapang from Ri Bhi District at his residence in Shillong today. The Congress party will continue to contest the MLA elections.
He said that India as a developing country and all the youth should contribute for the development of the country.
The KSU demands that the government and KHADC should not issue NOC for uranium mining.
To prevent the pollution of the river, Section 144 CrPC has been enacted to ban the parking of vehicles in the river and the dumping of garbage. .
“After the removal of the KAAC revenue gate at Khanduli, there was no clash but suddenly the Karbi people set fire to the house and blocked the road for the Khasi-Pnars to enter the house. Laitphar said that the KSU and the people of the border area demand that the Meghalaya government should take action against them. The Khasi-Pnars in Khanduli West Jaintia Hills have been harassed by the Khasi-Pnars in West Jaintia Hills.
Of these, 595,450 live in urban areas and 237,1439 live in rural areas.
When asked whether the agency will be from government experts or from private agencies, Prestone said that once the agency is appointed, it will be known and the government will inform the public.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Managing Director of Project Group, Prakash Jyoti Das today announced the opening of its office in Shillong.
In this meeting, he stressed that there should be no restrictions on how to provide support if there is any incident especially on the day of voting.
According to sources, police have raided the Kongong area and surrounding villages this morning and in this raid police have arrested two persons. They were identified as Elphone Dkhar, 22, and Meklison Siangshai.
According to sources, the government has appointed employees on contract basis even the central government has allowed this.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Hills District today met with the DIG of Eastern Range, Bah MK Dkhar to discuss the issue of the entry of Bangladeshis into Dawki.
This anonymity may be for the benefit of the government and not for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, u Bah Metbah said that if the people themselves do not accept the recommendations of the government and the health department, then the COVID-19 virus will spread throughout the country. State.
The products produced by Sohphan were Umsoh, Ashar, Ki Ship, and wine which attracted the attention of the people who flocked to the festival.
The BSF arrested him while he was trying to enter India from Bangladesh and seized counterfeit Indian currency from him.
He said these three laws will replace the laws that have been enacted since the time of the British and will reflect the nationality of India and protect the rights of all citizens according to its Constitution. Country.
Shillong, Nailar01 : The world income has increased and many countries of the world are still struggling to grow in the past 20 years, but many of the problems of the people have not been answered. to this day.
“After we have met with the government to repair all the damaged parts of NH 44, the government has not done anything yet.
She hopes that the Meghalaya Games will be an inspiration to the youth to develop the spirit of competition and also to bring about the development of sports in all aspects.
“On behalf of the people of this state, I strongly condemn this act because this is the work of the forest dwellers.
During the meeting, the DHS promised to follow up on these demands of the union to ensure that the health centers in Jaintia Hills get the necessary facilities as expressed by the union.
BK Nongkhlaw Secretary said that regarding the smart meters, the CMD said that they will not take a decision to cancel the proposal to use smart meters.
Durga Das Boro, General Secretary of the AGP, said that despite these challenges, the party will not hesitate to find ways and means to strengthen the party as the MP election has been held. near.
Two months ago, he was diagnosed with a disease in the budlum.
Sadly, five of the deceased were from the same family and were brothers and one of them was the brother of their parents and all of them were children.
Regarding the registration of Job Cards, it was alleged that the village has registered people according to the rules as there are those who are disabled and those who are newly married.
The four MDCs who signed the same letter to leave the PDF from today have sent their letter to the President of the party and also to the Chairman of the party.
The three students who passed well are Gyanesh Roy Bhomik who came first in HSSLC Science and Rishi Sarkar who came second in HSLC Science 2022 and Chirag Deb, who came fourth in HSSLC Commerce 2022, have been among the top 40 passers.
The Seng is full of anger when this happens to the students who want to reach the front in all fields, especially now it is time for them to write the Pre-Selection and Selection and also to prepare for other examinations.
, CRPF Camp, Lawrence, Nongthymmai.
On the other hand, the police who were present at the scene opened fire and the fighting lasted for about 10 hours. No one was injured in the fighting. rebel organization.
The delegation was led by Samla Rangbah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, CEC in the presence of other leaders including Samla Francis G Mawlong. Secretary and other members of the CEC. The Seng will also try to talk to such youths together with their relatives to find ways and means to place them in hospitals. The Seng will also assist as much as possible to ensure that the youth of the Jaidbynriew receive treatment and get rid of the drug addiction.
This work will soon be extended to the LEAs and in each of the seven states to register such information directly from the police stations.
The Yaba skins and heroin have been handed over to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation. The BSF has a responsibility to fight against crime and illegal activities. at the border.
On the other hand, the Minister said that his door is open to discuss any issues if any, I will invite other civil society organizations to discuss.
The State Governments have been directed to provide food and shelter to those who find themselves as foreign workers in their homes.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Four people have died of COVID-19 in Shillong today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. Khemsing, 46, of Arsu Happy Valley, Ramnela Durga Prasad Rao, 45, of Andhra Pradesh and Swaraswati Puri, 45, of Barapathar.
Placed in Group A alongside formidable opponents such as Punjab, Tamil Nadu, and Uttar Pradesh, Meghalaya asserted their dominance by topping the group and advancing to the semifinals.
For example, in the past few days, a plastic bag dealer has robbed a woman in Smit this morning by stealing her sohshkor and gold sati using a tyrnem and and escaped in peace, how much more, if they had a thousand men.
“It doesn’t mean that all CHC staff are irresponsible.
The team of seven members of the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy, M. Govinda Rao, Chandan Mukherjee, Anuradha Bhasin, Alokesh Barua, Mukesh Anand, Rita Pandey and R. Srinivasan from the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy. .
The party also announced the names of four candidates for the MLA election to be held on 27/2/2023, from 29-Mawkynrew, Bah Martle N Mukhim, 13- 23-Sohiong and Sandondor Ryntathiang, 25-Mawsynram and Starfing Jove Langpen Pdahkasiej.
On the statement by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways that it has asked the state government to issue the NOC within six months or else they will cancel the road construction schemes worth T.4000 crore in the state, he said. The Prime Minister said he has directed the Chief Secretary to convene a meeting.
Shillong, November 16: Nabon Women's Synod College, Shillong, today celebrated its 25th Anniversary at the Mission Compound, Shillong.
In the past few years, the children of this village have to go to school to Goragre village which is two kilometers away. This is the nearest school for the children of Damdiloka.
She said that after the repair of these machines, the hospital has sent information to those who can come back for treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The violence started from Monday night until today. Passengers from Meghalaya had to get off at Khanapara and take an Assam vehicle to reach Guwahati in the same way. From Assam, Meghalaya did not reach Shillong.
The Government has decided to evacuate the residents of Them Iew Mawlong after the shooting injury of several residents of Them Iew Mawlong which led to the outbreak of clashes among the Khasi. and Sikh communities in January,
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) Thelin Phanbuh has strongly condemned the assault on Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma. and these women shall be destroyed.
Other sources said that the fire broke out at midnight and two or three offices were affected, one for records and one for receiving applications. people and one is the computer room.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is an ally in the NPP-led MDA-2 government in Meghalaya and the NPP is an ally in the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government in Delhi. The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has sent 11 names to Delhi to contest on the BJP ticket for the Lok Sabha elections in Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Donald Nongsteng, Genl.
In Chokpot, the Minister convened a meeting of government officials to discuss the peace and order situation in the area. On her return to Tura, she convened a meeting of government officials to discuss how to Garo Hills as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The CSWO hopes that these MDCs who will contest today will swear that if they win, they will protect the land, and also the customs and traditions of land tenure in our State.
e.1December 2013 has discussed in detail the mynder (Infux) activities affecting the entire region and especially the efforts of the Armed Forces which are still trying to get rid of the to purchase some land within the Upper Shillong area through various means and methods to acquire ownership of the land.
The names of the candidates are S. Osborne Kharjana INC, Samlin Malngiang NPP, Sandondor Ryntathiang HSPDP, Seraph Eric Kharbuki BJP and Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah Thabah UDP. Roning Nongkynrih was shot dead by BSF troops on the night of 6th June at Mawshud village in Pynursla Civil Sub-Division.
After this, he was appointed by the Governor of Assam in 1947, 1948 and 1949 to continue the talks with the Chief Executive Members.
The arrest of these persons was made after the BSF received a tip that a vehicle was passing near the border. The BSF has seized 100 bottles of kyiad.
The meeting focused on the collaboration between educational institutions to share resources and best practices, which will lead to innovation.
“This is a misrepresentation of the flag of the country, after this was mentioned by the members of the JSM, the JHADC has later removed this flag and replaced it with a new one.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party met on Monday and I have decided to hand over the post of President to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, together with Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today met with Union Minister of State for Road Construction, Nitin Gadkari. .
With Goel's resignation, the responsibility of conducting the elections has now fallen on the shoulders of Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar.
Those who received this assistance from the village have selected the poorest of the poor, the ASHAs who received this assistance are those who work in the field works, and other jobs that the village. ioh you don't have a good.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laitkor Unit today inaugurated a toilet facility for the residents of Laitkor. the whole village.
Bah Sadon Blah of the HNYF, said that they will now look into how far these two laws can prevent the influx of foreigners and if there are still shortcomings, they will be able to do so. To improve them, the unions have requested a copy of the rules that the government will make so that they can give their opinion.
Speaking on the 'No Tobacco Campaign' which is a campaign by students against drinking and smoking, Bah Metbah expressed his concern over the spending of illegal activities among the youth of the state including drinking alcohol. drugs.
Once again, Bah K.Pohshna appealed to the government and the Waheh Shnongs of West Jaintia Hills to work together to bring peace and health. within the Amlarem Sub-Division.
Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, the water supply department has worked hard to achieve the goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U David A Nongrum, 42, MLA of Mawryngkneng, Shillong, today suffered a sudden illness and was taken to NEIGRIHMS. the hospital pronounced him dead.
According to the reports received, the coal mine is a coal mine which has not been operated anymore.
He also urged the students to read the souvenir to know the story of how their parents raised them to become what they are now.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Speaking as the chief guest at a meeting organized by the Khasi Author's Society (KAS) at Shillong College to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India. Samlin Malngiang, Minister in charge of Water Affairs, said that he will speak to the Cabinet to bring the bill to the Legislative Assembly.
It is to be recalled that the PHC has been dormant since the State Government handed over it to the Uranium Corporation of India Limited in
Those who earn T.5 lakh to T.7.5 lakh will have to pay T.1500/- and those who earn T.7.5 lakh above will have to pay T. 2500/- Rs.
The NPP has not turned away from the political parties in the MDA government. Remember in 2016, Shillong was in turmoil but now the government has the same demand as the civil society.
The call for tenders will end on the second day of this month. If there is no delay in the tenders, the work can be allowed to start work within six months. The area was covered with snow, including the streams and wells.
Jowai, November 02: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills-Wapung Circle has held a ceremony to honor and award the students and leaders of the Kur Dkhar. .
The PCI and the NBA must complete their duties in this regard within 15 days.
Speaking to SP News Agency, many of the elders of the area expressed their concern about the lack of banks.
Shillong, March 16: Police in Ri Bhoi District today arrested three persons from Ri Bhoi District on suspicion of involvement in the burning down of a government office in Nongpoh.
The counting of votes will be held on the 27th of this month.
The landslide has not only affected one place but three places between Laitlyngkot and Pomlum. The landslide has been severe while traffic between Shillong and Dawki has been suspended today. .
In a letter to the Forest Department, he requested to send the staff of the office to catch this wild animal to bring the honor of the district. The letter sent to the Forest Department was also witnessed by Prainik Sangma from the same village.
The objectives, promises and manifestos of all political parties are brought and distributed to the voters before the elections.
Shillong, Lber 23: The two parties in the MDA government, the NPP and the UDP, have won the 2023 MLA elections. The UDP, which won 8 seats, has now won 11 seats.
Shillong, Lber 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the MP candidate from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
At the same time, he said that tourism is one of the ways to increase the income of the people.
He said that at present there are nine posts in the department and one is in the advertisement.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Daniel Khyriem, former president of the KSU, said that the KSU accepts the promise of the Chief Minister and as they have done. He said that today's meeting should not be just a meeting to see how far it has come but there should be time.
After holding a public rally on the 17th of last month in front of the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy, the Chief Minister on 20th October replied inside the house. The Legislative Assembly in the Budget Session which ended recently to increase the salaries of all types of teachers in the state by 100 percent, as teachers accept this, but want to clarify from which month and year How much will be increased when the Prime Minister says 100 percent?
Shillong, March 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanlada Laloo today issued a notice that shops have been allowed to open on Sunday in compliance with the COVID-19 rules. 19.
Shillong, June 11: The counting of votes for the election of two MPs from 1-Shillong and 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituencies in Meghalaya today went smoothly without any incident.
The BJP supporters who joined the TMC are from Tarapara and Magurmari and more than 1,000 of them are from Salmanpara Legislative Assembly Constituency in Garo Hills District.
HTTA leader Kordor I Mawlong said the meeting was to discuss the issue of peace after the incident at Guwahati Airport.
The Meghalaya Aroma Mission has played a major role in the development of aroma cultivation in the state and has achieved great success.
The body of Bah Shanbor Surong was found after a home guard guarding one of the power houses of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MNE) at Lumkshaid saw a body lying on the surface of the water at Sonapani. it's about 11:00 am.
PM KISAN is a major change in the way the Government supports farmers in India and is one of the best examples of good governance and the use of digital services to deliver services to people.
The Joint Action Committee of these two organizations, on the 22nd of last month, conducted a raid on overloaded trucks at Kongong, Wapungshnong and Tongseng with the participation of the two organizations. relevant government authorities, including Magistrates, Police, Government Officials and others.
The KSU Jaiaw Circle through this campaign hopes that there will be a change in all aspects and especially in the thinking and trade.
Therefore, we have decided to allocate Rs 100 lakh crore for modern infrastructure.
He said that the North East of India has a good land for the cultivation of herbal medicines and the state governments should encourage the people.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit, which falls under the jurisdiction of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle as part of the fight against the illegal entry of foreigners, has launched a campaign against the illegal entry of foreigners. many parts of Upper Shillong for two days on 3rd August and today 6th August
However, what has happened in this struggle is that the leaders of all political parties have been too stingy on the IOA & AA, and this is reflected in various issues such as the The Forest Conservation Act 1980 does not recognize village forests, clan forests, private forests, raid forests, hima forests and sacred forests.
Maligaon, November 26: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway has arrested 31 writers of passenger tickets from July to November
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is to recognize as government employees those who have been working in various positions in government departments but who have been re-appointed as temporary employees.
The opening ceremony was attended by Fr Balestine Marbaniang Asst Parish Priest in the presence of the President of the Mawbsein Catholic Church, Florin Lyngdoh. Secretary Christina Synnah, Rangbah Shnong handed over the keys to these three brothers.
He said the sending of a women's delegation to the Democratic Republic of Congo strengthens the aim of transforming India into a powerful country.
Police are conducting a search operation to arrest those who are still on the run, according to a statement sent by the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah S. Nongtnger, IPS. Shillong, Naiwieng 03: U Chief Executive Member Answering a question in the House by Charles Marngar regarding the demarcation of the border with Assam in the second phase, KHADC Speaker Titostsarwell Chyne said that it is still under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. the Regional Committee.
Teachers and students were also present on this occasion.
Meanwhile, the team of West Jaintia Hills District came second in the men's and women's category with one gold and silver medal each.
The Digital Locker has also been connected to the Secondary Education Board of Assam and Nagaland e-District.
The Chief Minister will visit Ri Bhoi, Nongstoin and West Jaintia Hills districts.
As a teacher you have the power to shape the future of others to lead them from darkness to light from ignorance to wisdom and most importantly to shape the future of yourself or that person in life. of themselves.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Khawmawphlang said that the leaders of the KSU after receiving the request from the church leaders to hold a service, have decided to extend the Night Road Blockade. on the 12th and 13th of this month from 9 pm to 5 pm.
“In this area, we have witnessed various incidents, theft and robbery and this area has become a haven for drug addicts and it has encouraged even them. The villagers who used to pass by and those who live nearby,” said the Seng.
The residents of Iongkhuli village informed the MDC of Mawhati and when he arrived at the scene he spoke to the Assam police but the Assam police arrested him. He said that he should not interfere when asked for writings. The Assam police cannot accept any writings.
He said the pandemic has brought the world's attention to health issues while India has moved forward with a focus on welfare.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Mawhati residents said that all these BPL households have to pay T.250 per month for light because they don't have TV or light. They have not received their bill light for the past three months and when they receive it they are surprised to see that it has increased to T.6000/- tyngka.
These Muktiars who joined the party today said that only the BJP party can bring peace and stability in the state and this party can bring peace and stability in the state. .
In the petition, the SNSBH said that the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has not done anything on the announcement as the Chief Minister had promised to its members. The meeting was held twice on 10.02.2016 and 31.08.2016 to come up with new ways and means.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Leader of the Opposition from the Congress party Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that no one will join the BJP. your working room in the Assembly.
Many of the parents who earn their living from this job have complained to the Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi, that they can no longer pay their fees and school fees, and thus they have to leave school. , until there is now a stir due to the lack of income, and that the State Government will make every effort to demand from the Government of India to amend the Coal Mines Nationalization Act & 1976, the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957, because these Acts violate the right of ownership of land.
This Behdien khlam ritual was held in the Raid Jowai after the planting of rice and it continues to this day to thank the Creator and to ask for his blessings.
Shillong, November 19: The purpose of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is to ensure that the Citizenship Amendment Act can be passed. completely from my work in Meghalaya.
Miani D Shira of the Congress, the daughter of Dr Mukul Sangma, the former Chief Minister of the state, has won five seats. but he decided not to kill Songsak.
KSU Upper Shillong Circle President Shngainlang Sohkhlet and FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang.
At the beginning of the session, the Speaker of the House, Telinai Thangkhiew, announced that she has received two nominations for the post of CEM, one for Bah Ardent and one for Bah PN King.
The peace rally was supported by other student organizations in the North East.
The admit card can be printed from the website of the police department and they should take their examinations according to the dates scheduled for the Physical Efficiency Test (PET).
New Delhi, Nailar 19: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that he is pleased to see that the people of Meghalaya have received the recognition they deserve at home and abroad.
Shillong, November 10: To bring closer the relationship between the police and the people in South Garo Hills, a three-day Civic Action Program was held at Mindigre, the residence of the C-In-C of the UP. ASAK. Hundreds of youths came to take part in the Volley Ball tournament.
On this day, all those soldiers who gave their lives to defend the country were honoured.
The HYC, after seizing the drugs and marijuana from the HYC, on the same day, burnt down the drugs and marijuana at the same place.
Police have taken them to court for trial and the court has ordered them to remain in police custody for nine days.
To meet the needs of the people, the government does not hesitate to take money from the market.
This will be the same as before, according to their interest, they should give a little praise and thanks.
“I understand that the Police Department may change its Recruitment Policy according to the changing times.
“In his closing remarks, the Prime Minister met face to face with the players and shared the mantra with them.
Speaking at the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Lamphrang President Rangbah HANM said that HANM was formed on the basis of demanding from the government to fix the border of the year. The President of HANM said that even if the youth of the country have to surrender, they will be able to protect the land, implement the ILP and repeal the CAA. The President explained at the meeting that the Hynniewtrep people and the state as a whole should not lose their land.
There are more than 500 Dorbar Shnongs and 16 Raids in the Hima Mylliem.
The incident came to light after Goa police rescued her from a jail.
U Bah Vincent H Pala today met with the newly elected MP of Tura, Conrad K Sangma at his residence in Delhi to congratulate him on his victory. and he gave him the syntiew.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today expressed its concern over the The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has warned the media for their inability to publish the HNLC's curfew calls from time to time.
He urged the youth to work hard with courage, humility and walk the path in any field so that they can rise in life and wished that the KSU Saphai Unit will be one of the strongest units. .
The emergency and ambulance service has a duty to protect the lives of people and we do not agree that the duty to protect the lives of people should be given contracts to businessmen who think only of the profit.
: The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “Every day is a holy day and it is not just one day. they are unclean days.
Shillong, July 30: The 58 Gorkha Training Centre, Shillong today celebrated the 40th death anniversary of Field Marshal SHFJ Manekshaw. army.
He said that their demand now is that they should receive their salary for five months, they will not accept that offer for two months, if the government cannot provide them for all five months they will not be able to. continue their agitation for salaries.
Everyone has been directed to submit copies of their Aadhaar to the ration shops where they usually collect ration. This was announced by the DC's office today.
Poland was welcomed to the party by Meghalaya BJP State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of party office bearers at a public meeting in Mawkyrwat.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency regarding the teachers of LP School and UP School, the teachers have already met with the Commissioner Secretary of the Ministry of Education. The State Government to urge the Government to provide the same treatment to teachers at their respective levels.
The purpose of these thermal scanners is to facilitate the staff to test people entering and leaving the area to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and especially inside the PHC. village to look after those who come and go to this government health centre.
Bah Mawsor, who was the Chief Guest, in his speech, explained the value of education and urged the students not to lose hope but to have a long-term goal. part of their future.
He gave an example that Shillong is a very crowded city and people are very concerned about this problem.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Saw Shnong Development Council (SSDC) Mawpud Area and the HNYF have conducted an inspection of the PWD roads from Ranikor to Mawsynram and Shillong, from Umpung Bridge to Mawpud Area. South West Khasi Hills which is only 13 km away but has to travel for more than 2 hours by car to reach the villages of Mawpud which has four villages namely Upar Mawpud, Lower Mawpud, Dom Mawlein and Pyndenwar.
Secy) on 18/08/2017 at Sub Division Khliehriat (MEECL) to meet with Bah R.Rymbai SDO in charge of ELECTRICAL posts in this area.
Shillong, July 05: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, on Tuesday said that the sale of jhur will continue from tomorrow morning.
As an MLA with a vision for the country and the nation, he has traveled around the Khasi Hills to preach “Clean Politics” and this has entered the minds of the people. The UDP has not supported him in this regard.
He said that MUDA cannot just fight for the rights of the residents. If the government wants to do anything that affects the people, it should ask for the opinion of the people. If they don't accept, it should be stopped.
The theme of this year's celebration is 'We Against Uranium Mining'
In addition, he has the ability to make his own Duitara and Marynthing, as well as other small instruments.
The Minister said that malaria as it is now, has been prevented, as the death toll from the disease is only about 8 people and the department itself wants to eradicate it. syndon spirit of this disease.
, J&K, IDPA, Cinedubs and others.
As Meghalaya is suitable for the production of tied, what is needed is to raise awareness among the people of this state to make the state a state that can produce a lot of tied.
Shillong, July 14: The Dte.
“Tomorrow, 15th November, 2023, the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly will start.
Tura November 13: The 12th November 2012 will be a memorable day in Meghalaya and especially in Garo Hills when the foundation stone of the first Medical College in the state was laid by the Chief Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma's state residence in Balalgre, about 25 km from Tura.
He also urged them to work together with the villages for the sake of the community and the welfare of the Hynniewtrep people and to respect each other as a sign of mutual love and to cut down all the differences. bad.
In a petition sent to the Superintendent of Majai Land Custom Station, East Khasi Hills, the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima has requested that the fee of T.200 per vehicle for the use of the road from Umdud. The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order on 13th June, 2022 to Zero Point by the Hima Sohra and the Dorbar.
The four injured were mysteriously sleeping in the sher dara house where the earthquake occurred.
The KSU has seen the incidents in Nongtrai village where the BSF troops have killed the enemy and destroyed even the rice fields of the villagers and therefore we don't want the same incidents to happen in our area. These are the events that will turn the villagers and the indigenous people around.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong paid special tribute to the ASHAs, Aganwadis and Helpers who have worked hard and who are also the paia and rishot of the Dorbar Shnong who used to visit the village. houses when they need to help pregnant women and children.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today presented the Meghalaya Agriculture Award for Excellence in Agriculture.
Speaking to media, Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP has fought against the Voice of the People Party (VPP) in Khasi-Jaintia Hills and the Congress in Garo Hills. Lok Sabha elections are not yet held.
However, due to the financial crisis, the KHADC has decided to suspend the festival.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The foundation stone for the construction of the first Resource Recovery Center of the Khasi Hills District Council under the Solid Waste Management Cell Scheme was laid today.
At the same time, the President reminded the people of the country that even the most famous universities in the world like Cambridge and Oxford universities should not be funded by the government but by the government. the contribution of the people.
The Prime Minister today said that they will not ask for soskular if they ask again they will have to start again from the beginning of the talks and this will not reach the goal, the government wants to resolve this. the problem.
At the same time, the Prime Minister's Secretary urged the civil society organizations to refrain from providing false information as it misleads the people.
In his speech, Bah GoodleadersonNongsiej MDC of this constituency said that at this time people prepare for Christmas by decorating their homes, buying new clothes. this time the main preparation is in the spirit to receive Jesus on Christmas Day.
Speaking to reporters, Yoshuwa Lyngdoh said, “We strongly condemn the robbery by the robbers in which they entered and shot and injured the students, teachers and staff of JNU. New Delhi, July 8: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the North East Gas Grid Project. Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited with Viability Gap Funding, Capital Grant of 60% of the estimated T 9265 crore (including construction cost).
The union cannot understand why MeECL has not been able to find a way to free the people from this problem although we have seen that in the past few months there has been a replacement of Post Lights and also the installation of Post Lights. the Sub-Station in Saikarap.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that this is the government's responsibility to MeECL, if MeECL does not pay the bill. When the time comes, it means that it will be deducted from the budget of the state government.
They protested because the government has ignored their demand even after they have written to the government many times and on this there have been many letters between the union and the government. but there has been no decision from the government and now they cannot hold their protest.
The scheme will be implemented through the Rural Electrification Corporation of the Union Government. 90% of the funding will come from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government. government will have to educate and enlighten the people.
The important thing now is that the members of this party should have peace.
There are 14 candidates in the opposition, AITC 5 candidates, INC 5 candidates and VPP candidate 4 candidates.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister explained in detail the problems faced by the state and stressed the need for assistance from the Central Government in the construction of the road. The new State Legislative Assembly to ensure that the Legislative Assembly is completed on time.
He said that the party currently has 19 members and they will continue to recruit the elderly in all parts of the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Baichung is a member of the ANVC and joined the GNLA in 2009 when Sohan D Shira and Champion Marak formed the GNLA. He has been appointed Commander of the two districts of West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 11: To improve the safety of Shillong during the puja, the police have used bikes to improve the traffic in case of any incident. Two policemen were on one bike and one was carrying a gun. This is to provide full security at this time. you don't have to do puja.
In the English category, H. Bankerlang Thabah of St. Edmunds' College won the second prize and Jerry Pyrtuh of Umshyrpi College won the second prize.
Regarding this, the reappointment of the Syiem of Sohra Hima to become the full Syiem was held on 1/03/2019 this month. get the absolute King of the kingdom.
In this regard, the union urges the KHADC, JHADC and GHADC authorities to set aside shops and shops inside the Hima markets only for agricultural products from the country including especially those without the drug.
There are 29 cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 29 cases from abroad, 22 cases from close contacts, 6 cases from the army and others. from different parts of Shillong.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District should take responsibility if there is a positive case in the district as it is its anti local policy that allows them to enter the district.
He said NEIAH has helped patients through treatments like Panchakarma, Ksharasutra, Uttarabasti and Yoga to improve their health.
The newly appointed candidates are selected from across the country and will join the post in various ranks such as Constable (General Duty), Sub-Inspector (General Duty) and Non-General Duty Cadre in various groups. various within the Federal Ministry of Defence.
This initiative, which breaks new ground, will benefit people from all eight states of the region as it aims to identify and empower 270 skilled entrepreneurs from the region through special programmes.
The test for the Symbut Myntri Rangbah was conducted by the CBNAAT and RTCPR and both the results of these tests were received this evening and both the tests were negative.
The petition was submitted to the Chief Secretary and the Seng had a chance to discuss the petition with him.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District Unit in the presence of leaders from five villages and leaders of village youth organizations within the district on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of South West Khasi Hills District (ANTF) has not arrested a single drug trafficker. or even a drug user in this district.
There was a higher revenue collection in 2018-19 (till 31-10-2018) compared to the previous year with an increase of 20.2%.
(Res-I) dated 14th March, 2022, the Government of India has renewed the allocation for Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes in case of vacancies in Group 'C' and “'D' to recruit youth from this area.
"When asked, he said, 'We are not profitable with Rapido.
Shillong Lajong scored four goals in the first half.
The Government will complete the remaining 108 schools in the coming days. The opening ceremony of these 50 schools in the rural areas was held at the State Convention Center in Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education.
“On behalf of us the nine villages, from Chymplong to Ratacherra, we fully support the call of the four organizations – AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF for a night curfew to protest against the government's decision. “We have decided to repair the NH 44 which is very bad,” said Bah Silent Sutnga, Chairman of these 9 villages in a statement.
The KHNAM on Thursday said that the Chief Minister of the State has no authority to issue Rangbah Shnong Sanad to anyone.
What these two parties are doing is to maintain and improve the RDA which has been established because it is in this form that the people want to see the ethnic parties work together to win the trust of the people. to the people.
The vaccination was conducted in parts of Mawlong Market, Motphran, Jeep Stand, Platan Bazar and Iewduh Head.
We must promote our ocean-related activities and the blue economy.
Prestone said that the opposition in the 2013 elections had said that Martin M Danggo should be convicted for not being able to get the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, but now these same people after getting the Ranikor Civil Sub Division. The Civil Sub Division said that the resignation of the former MLA has caused problems to the people.
Out of the three central government petrol companies in the country, 233 have been divided into three companies. Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. will have 87 new petrol pumps, of which 74 will be in India. Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd will have 113 new petrol pumps, 96 in NHs and 17 in rural areas. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd will have 33 new petrol pumps, 29 in NHs and 4 in rural areas.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, Dr B Diengdoh. Dr J Basaiawmoit, Managing Director of Bansara Eye Care, Bah A Basaiawmoit, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasain Village, Bah B Dewsaw.
Shillong, November 09: The Hima Mylliem Hima Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Hima has not authorized anyone to sit on the footpaths or on the roads. They came to ask permission from the kingdom to live.
A 76-year-old woman named Kong Phip Lyngdoh, resident of Diwon, Umden, Ribhoi District, has gone missing since i left home at 10 am on May 8th, 2024.
Regarding the allegation that the government has not done anything to provide assistance to the ANVC members who came to the peace night, the government has provided assistance to 367 people at a cost of T. 5.5 crores.
On this occasion, the Governor also urged them to look forward to what they can do to fight in their lives.
NPP leaders from Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan will come to Garo Hills to campaign for party president Purno Sangma.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Rosetta, organized the football tournament on Thursday. In the women's category, the West Khasi Hills District team won the title by defeating the East Jaintia Hills District team by 4- 3 goals through a tie breaker.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that if there are such incidents, the police should be informed. the villagers were afraid.
Isrin Mawnai, president of CSWO Umran Dairy, told SP News Agency that the reason for the incident was that the supporters of the petrol pump did not allow the opposition to speak. The incident occurred in the presence of Bah Antonio War Executive Member of KHADC who came to witness the meeting.
On this occasion, there was a march in the morning and a dance competition at the Sate Central Library where there were skilled participants to explain the importance of voting in democracy.
On this occasion, the police also strengthened their security to ensure that the meeting will go smoothly.
The Seng would like to extend its special congratulations to the members of the Seng Long Kmie from Poh Diengpasoh who have joined us. kino kino you need.
He said that KHANM has sought clarification from the CM as to what are the benefits of the Personal Interview.
The BSF alleged that Bah Running did not stop the truck even after being stopped but when he tried to flee, the troops fired two bullets in the air.
Shillong, November 04: Under the leadership of the CoMSO, a protest today to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit was held across Meghalaya.
It is to be recalled that on 28/01/2014, the CEM has called on the leaders of these two Sengbhalang, JSU&JYU under his karma to discuss the issue. In this meeting with the CEM, he promised to give a proper reply by 3rd/02/2014 to the two parties.
The day was enriched by a song by the students of Class-X, a traditional dance by the students of Class-X and a skit by the students of Class-Xi & XII. and to the teachers to encourage them to work harder.
Shillong, Nailur 16: Answering a question by Nujorki Syngoh, the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Renikton L Tongkhar, said that the government has no intention of setting up a Superintending Engineer's office in Jowai is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
This has caused problems to some VECs, the union demands that the minister should take action on this issue, and the Meghalaya government should create the mechanisms to do so. the money at the right time.
Various admissions in universities, colleges and schools have started opening this month and next month.
“It is for this reason that we have had to lodge a complaint with the District Council because the Syiem has started to destroy the land within the Dorbar Raid,” he said.
During this visit, the MLA distributed food and other necessities to the people in these temporary shelters.
In a statement issued today, it was made clear that other employees of the state government will receive their salaries as they should and this will not affect them.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: BSF troops from Muktapur West Jaintia Hills District today arrested an officer of the Meghalaya Wildlife Department while he was on his way to Lakroh. you are the old man.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, to mark the 63rd birth anniversary of Rev JJM Nichols Roy, said that there are times when the EC has forgotten this day, but the present EC is fighting. to remember this great man.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa in general describes the purpose of the proposal, the understood methods of individuals, groups, political parties or the government who have published the proposal. record.
Speaking to reporters, Toi said the Commission will send a complaint to the Minister of Home Affairs and the Director General of Police regarding the tragic incident.
The construction of this checkpoint for those entering and leaving the state especially those coming to Khasi Hills has been going fast and the workers to complete this work also have this checkpoint where they are working on the parts. Different types of rungs are available.
There should be cooperation between the Navy, Army and Air Force.
However, they were able to provide only temporarily and the election went smoothly.
“More than 65 crore voters have taken part in this process,” said Minister Duh, adding that this is only the second time since independence that the people of India have participated in this process. They have elected the Government to continue for three consecutive terms.
The elders who were able to lead the first climb in 1999 were Rgh Sumar Sing Sawian, (bam kwai at the door of God), other elders like Rgh Dipshon L Nongbri and all the members of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, the Seng Khasi Kmie, who live day and night to improve and develop this greatest custom of the Khasi people.
Seven others have been arrested.
The words of Patel in a letter to the rulers of the kingdom remain to this day and will remain, “We are at a time when it is necessary to make India famous.
The demand for the temporary dismissal of these policemen who were allegedly involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheris on 13/8/2021 is to bring about a clean investigation and to punish according to the rules. The Sur ki Paidbah Nong-Mawlai has raised the question of how a fair trial can be obtained while people are still in office.
The hospital has an Ayurvedic hospital with 60 beds and a Homoeopathic hospital with 20 beds.
In her speech, the president of CSWO, Kong Agens Kharshiing said that the CSWO has lodged an FIR with the police to arrest those involved in this case. Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was the Minister at that time.
Secondly, on the amendment of the Meghalaya Goods and Service Tax,
He said that all the people of the country have a share in the resources of the country adding that there should be order in the distribution of these resources.
The impact is not limited to the University alone.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The new office bearers of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who were elected on the 11th of this month at Dinam Hall will take over their posts on the 4th of this month. the month of October will come.
Shillong, June 15: Martin Luther Christian University has won the Swachhta Pakhwada at NEIGRIHMS. ; The Swachhta Pakhwada, which started on 1st June 2019 with a public opening ceremony at the OPD of NEIGRIHMS, ended today 15th June 2019 with the distribution of prizes to the winners. take part in various competitions during this Pakhwada.
A total of 55,189 students will sit for the SSLC examination and 34,335 students will sit for the HSSLC examination to be held on 1st and 4th October.
At the same time, the party has spoken to the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to urge the government to investigate and arrest the perpetrators.
The delay of MeECL in relocating the electricity poles in the areas where the 4-lane road should pass, has also been another reason why the company has had to suspend the work because it cannot. build a road without moving electric poles.
At this juncture, he and three of his friends took the opportunity to rape her by recording a video of the crime against her.
“Through the right leadership and support, we can make a difference in children.
Other Himas have been directed to send their candidates to the voters within the Hima. The KHADC will expedite the holding of elections in different Himas so that the Himas can receive their candidates. There are no full heads of state, most of them are Sirdarships.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle today distributed donations to 45 schools. The households of Nongkseh Village with food items such as Khaw, Dai, Umphniang and others.
This will help us to strengthen and secure our border areas.
“The silence of the Jaintia leaders on the ILP shows that they value the seat more than the nation,” said Niangti.
On the same day, the Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the construction of a government building which can be used in many ways for the development of Salmanpara.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the Executive Committee will discuss the report and if the Executive Committee approves, it will be taken to the Legislative Assembly of the Council. to begin on May 10, 2024.
The KSU is pleased that the Legislative Assembly should explain well so that it can stop these 8 foreigners and also to eradicate such incidents in the coming years,” said the KSU. The IT & Publicity Cell has sent a statement to the media.
Kharjana urged all the teachers not to complain only because they don't get salary but to come forward and demand for the employment of the children if the children are retained in the selection who will be responsible. For them if they have to stay at home just because they failed selection, the question has been raised.
The Seng urges the Minister to take action on this demand of the Seng for the upgradation of the Block to Civil Sub Division for the safety and security of the people. They also urged the Minister to take the matter to the Chief Minister so that the demand of the Seng can be implemented as soon as possible.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the decision to join any party will be decided later, but he confirmed that in the mid-term MDC elections from the 26-Langrin Constituency, he will support the candidate. MDC is the Congress party.
The GNLA leader is in charge of West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills districts.
Police have registered a case under Section 120B, 121, 121A IPC and Section 3 of the Explosive Substance Act. Act and 10/13 UAP Act, the investigation is ongoing and one person has been arrested in connection with the incident.
On this occasion, she also launched the “SAMPARK” campaign to identify those who have AIDS and take them to the treatment centres. The Martin Luther Christian University in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) today marked the ART Day in Shillong by laying a ribbon. and distributed leaflets explaining how to prevent the disease.
In a statement sent by the Spokesperson of Samla Leningstar Rymbai, the JACJO urged the SPHG Lyngdoh to take action against the Assam Police. They demanded that they return the mobile phone of Ma Bhalang Lamare, Secretary of Psiar Village and all their belongings, so that they can use them.
The CEC of the party has decided to invite all the members and former leaders of the party to attend the 50th Anniversary of the party next year.
This has led to the approval of two pharmaceutical companies, the Serum Institute of India and Bharat Biotech, and Sputnik, which will soon start manufacturing in India.
It is said that this festival has a strong connection between the east and west of India, which comes from the Pauranik legend.
Sohra Dance Academy has organized the Sohra Icon Season 2 Grand Final at Lumsainar Laitryngew, Sohra.
Prestone said that this is not meant to be done only in these areas but if there is a need to increase the number of areas, but this is what they are doing now according to the report received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. and this District Administration.
On the same day, the Union Minister also launched the BSNL Mobicash and distributed prizes to the participants.
Regarding the issue of UALA, ANVC, ANVC(B) is not on the agenda of the HNLC. 6 years old but I'm almost 30 years old now.
The winner of the competition was Dossiers which won a prize of T.30000/- tyngka.
Regarding the Muktiars, as recommended by the Bar Council, the Chief Minister was requested not to provide financial assistance to those Muktiars who have been in office for less than three years. he will take care of this part because they too are suffering at this time.
Marak said the GNLA stands for the Garo people and if the government does not want to talk peace with the GNLA, they are ready to fight against it. “It's a good idea to respect them even if they don't want to participate in the peace talks,” said Marak in a statement.
The JAC wrote that no one from the government or company will be allowed to inspect or survey the river for the purpose of generating electricity.
The Vice President of Invest India, Dr. Preet Deep Singh stressed on India's strength in terms of curcumin.
This delay by the government of Dr Mukul Sangma is a punishment to the people who earn their living from the mining industry, not only to the owners but also to the contractors.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Police are conducting a search operation in the area to release the man who was abducted by suspected GNLA militants. Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner, Bah PS Dkhar said he had set up a meeting in Shillong, in his working karma, to discuss the Mawjymbuin Crematorium. People go on pilgrimage to this crane in Mawsynram.
Bah Halorsing lodged a complaint with the Sohryngkham Police Station on the 2nd of this month. arrested the five persons who were reported to the police.
In connection with this incident, Police who received a tip on this incident rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation and to seek the assistance of the Search and Rescue Team to rescue the youth from the river. .
eSanjeevani is operational in 31 states and UTs of the country and every day 40,000 patients across the country use this platform to get treatment without the risk of spreading COVID-1 .
He said that the reason is that there is a Puja where the people cannot meet because they have to be driven away in the rituals.
At present, the payment of the daily wage to the employees has been sent to the bank accounts of those who receive the 100 days wage.
The Seng has also warned the owners of the houses to evict these foreigners immediately and the Seng has given only 10 days to these foreigners to leave Mairang without permission. delay.
Speaking at the meeting to discuss the schemes implemented in the district, Bah Metbah said that the purpose of holding such meetings is not to find reasons but to bring the work of government closer to the people and to make all activities publicly available and accountable.
Shillong, Nailar 28: There are 39 cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 27 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District. Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills 1.
It cannot be withdrawn before five years.
At this meeting, the state government was directed to implement the rule that the government should allocate 4% special jobs for those with disabilities.
The HYC today not only threw the flag on the wells but also on the vehicles of the people walking and standing on the road, on the vehicles of the people and also on the vehicles of the people. Personally, the HYC feels that only the ILP can prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
She was also the first Khasi woman to write a skit in Hindi entitled “Hindi Bhasha Hamari Rashtra Bhasha Hai” which was broadcast on Doordarshan Kendra Shillong.
The Deputy Commissioners of various districts are conducting inspections to find out the houses damaged by the storm on Tuesday morning.
A certificate signed by a representative of the advertising publisher and advertising management team, is what has to be transmitted through these platforms.
We need to understand that our daily activities affect the environment by polluting it, so we need to be thoughtful so that we can overcome and solve all those problems.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Shillong Lajong Football Club is pleased to announce that McDowell's No.1 Soda, of Diageo Group India, has sponsored the club for the I-League 2017- 18.
The competition was organized by the Shillong Agri-Horticultural Society led by V Singhania and S Dkhar.
The party leaders wanted to meet the minister to discuss the issue but the minister refused to talk to them.
This visit of the members of the union has encouraged the teachers and the residents who said that this is the first time that someone has come to visit to discuss the problems of the people of this area.
The winners of the Under 16 men's category were Batskhemlang Thongni (Phlangkynshi Drivers Association) – Most Promising Player, Jonesjon Lyngkhoi (Mawkohphet Sports Club) – Top Scorer, Givenson Wanni – Best Goalkeeper and Bah Rumassen Diengngan (Syiang Football Club) – Best Player.
Besides the searches, the BSF also seized sarees which were supposed to be sent to Bangladesh but they were able to stop the smugglers and threw the sarees outside. that man fled.
The KSU congratulates the residents of Lapangap for standing up to protect their border.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Phingwell Muktih MDC and former MLA of Dr. Saralin and other MTC leaders. after.
On this occasion, the skills of the Indian Air Force from the helicopter pilots as well as the pilots of the aircraft carriers were demonstrated and there was also a parachute landing of the troops from the sky.
She was one of the three women from the North East to pass MA Political Science in
“We live in an independent country, we love our country, we love our fellow human beings, we feel that the world should be in peace,” he said. peace and stability and we want the world to be at peace,” said Bhagaiah.
The platform will provide news from across the country in different languages.
The total number of unemployed youths who have passed this specialized training in agriculture is 180 in the state.
The union urged the DM&HO to take action on this issue. Besides the presence of foreigners who sell drugs, there are also food vendors who sell drugs illegally and this can endanger the health of the people. public health.
On this occasion, it was decided to submit a letter to the State Government and urge the Government to set up a Rehabilitation Center and other facilities in the district for the treatment of those who have lost their lives. he was addicted to drugs.
Shillong, November 08: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has declared a Black Day in all the states of the North East on the 11th of this month to protest against the Citizenship Act. (Amendment) Act, 2019, which is an injustice against the minorities of this region.
Under its flagship programme, the Pradhan Mantri Kashal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY) 2016-2020, the Department has provided training to more than 73 lakh candidates so far.
Jowai, Naitung 12: Two Seng Bhalang from Jaintia Hills have demanded from the Mukul Sangma government to pay the same amount of compensation to the families who lost their loved ones in the landslide. Seven precious souls have passed away in East Jaintia Hills in the past few days. The death of these precious souls is a great sorrow and loss to these precious souls. “It has shocked and shocked the residents of the state where they have never felt better,” said these prominent leaders in Jaintia Hills.
To make it easier for students to enter classes, the government has decided to recognize nine colleges in the state as Community Colleges. Memorial Mairang, Ri Bhoi College Nongpoh, Shangpung College Shangpung, Ampati College Ampati, Tura College Tura, Chokpot College Chokpot, Rongjeng College, Rongjeng.
Shillong, March 17: The KHNAMkala has confirmed 14 primary units in Mawhati constituency.
The cleanliness drive is to restore the cleanliness of the Umsherpi River which is one of the rivers and even the government has recognized it as the dirtiest river in Meghalaya.
In the same way, when there is a rape of women in the village, the village order should have been enacted that the perpetrators should be handed over to the police, but what happened is that u The Sordar Shnong wants to reconcile and cover up this incident after she lodged a complaint on the fourth day that there will be an arrest of those involved in the crime and those who want to keep it secret.
Ardent said the party has also discussed the border issue and the government will take action especially the people living in the border areas. and the party will continue to demand that the government should provide a proper border.
Shillong, Lber 01: The EM in charge of Fisheries of KHADC, Bah Mitchel Wankhar, in reply to a question by Bah Bajop Pyngrope regarding the production of fish farms of the KHADC, said: The total income is T.9500 tyngka.
West Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 70, West Jaintia Hills 17, East Jaintia Hills 17, West Garo Hills 29 South West Garo Hills 2 and South Garo Hills
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Lumshatsngi Kench's Trace Dorbar Shnong in its meeting held recently at the village council hall has elected new office bearers of the Women's Wing.
Shillong, Lber 16: Two wheeler drivers who earn their living by riding and driving under the umbrella of Ride to Serve have held a meeting at Malki Square to discuss the order issued by the Ride to Serve. The Commissioner of Transports said that they do not have a permit to operate in Shillong.
Therefore, when the election is over, the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar would like to ask all the MDCs who will emerge as winners tomorrow and especially the leaders of all political parties what is their goal to express clearly. The IOA & AA and especially the Words Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima in the Constitution of India under a separate Article bill not good way.
Mawlein Mawkhan village in Umsning and Lum Umpihkilong village are the two places.
Police have registered a case in connection with the incident.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Cabinet meeting held today has approved the Skill Medical Hub to be built in West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Deiwi Tongper, president of STIEH, said that the purpose of this meeting is to condemn and at the same time condemn the perpetrators who took his life. Mr. Myrthong.
KHNAM Ri Bhoi would also like to urge the youth of Ri Bhoi who have learned and have responsibility for the future of the Jaitbynriew to stand as a candidate for the post of MLA. 2018 na ki daw bah Our beloved nation, let us be brave like the son of Dap Shynrang Hynniewtrep, not like the son of sliang dap- pla and the future of our children will be thrown into the future.
On the other hand, Saleng A Sangma wanted to know whether there is a demand to include Garo and Jaintia languages ​​in the Eight Schedule. On the other hand, Saleng said that he demands that the Garo and Jaintia languages ​​should also be included in the Eight Schedule.
The Minister said that schools will be closed, but the children can go and get help from their teachers at school, because at present they cannot know how because they have not received the order from the government. the Ministry of Home Affairs until now.
The Federation of Meghalaya Ad Hoc Secondary Teachers Association (FAMASTA) today decided not to take part in the strike. .
We are not rioters, we are law abiding citizens, we know the law,” said Bah Ardent.
Stressing on the role of women in society in Manipur, Amit Shah said that through cooperation, we stand firm for ensuring peace and prosperity in the state.
“It is part of the effort to bring in streamlined health services.
This road was built six years after Meghalaya gained independence.
He said that this Legislative Assembly will be a place of decisions and that the 18th Lok Sabha will fulfill the aspirations of the people of India.
Therefore, if the school authorities do not listen or stop the work, the Seng will not hesitate to stop the work.
Others who attended the function were Bah SK Sunn MLA Mawphlang, Bah EL Nongrang MDC, Kong S Ryntathiang, Headmistress of the school, Bah RR Lamare SDSEO and many other elders of the village. It’s rainy.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Kharraswai Kynrang Lawbah Zone on Saturday honored 18 students of the Kur who have achieved success in their studies in the year Dorbar Pyllun of the Kur shall be held once a year.
The Seng also urged the District Administration to strengthen the security forces and that the Police Department should work together with the Youth Associations and Dorbar Shnongs to eradicate the spread of drugs.
He requested the UDP office bearers to work together from the circle to the units and said that if the newly joined members feel that there is any discrimination, they should let me know.
Dominic Megam Sangma’s direction brings a unique and authentic voice to the forefront of world cinema, and this extensive release in France is a testament to the universal appeal and artistic excellence of his work.
In this incident, according to the residents of the area, the man, after the boat fell into the water, carried his child to the surface of the water and after he managed to rescue him, the son drowned himself.
On this issue, the border issue which has not been resolved since Meghalaya got its own state has gone from one government to another and on the part of the government of Dr Mukul Sangma It has also submitted documents for the acquisition of land within the State of Meghalaya.
Sunil Kumar Choubey, SE (Civ), Officiating Chief Engineer, HQ R&D Engineer (BRO) welcomed the group of motorcyclists who arrived in Meghalaya at HQ R&D Estate (BRO) Shillong today.
It will be a real honor for us when India becomes one of the countries where it is difficult to see homeless people.
It is necessary to ask the Prime Minister what are the losses if the personal interview is abolished, because as we have written to the Government we have explained that if the personal interview is abolished, the benefits will be for those who are entitled to receive it. you can't get it.
New Delhi, Jymmang 01: GST revenue collection in June 2018 was T.1,03,458 crore of which CGST was T.18,652 crore, SGST was T.25,704 crore and IGST was T.50,548 crore ( including Rs 21,246 crore collected from foreign goods) and the Cess is T.8554 crore (including Rs 702 crore collected from foreign goods) .
“If the central government is ready to talk peace, the HNLC is also ready to talk peace,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media today.
He asked why the Congress government in Meghalaya does not obey the orders of the AICC, when the poor are obedient in many areas while the orders of the AICC do what they have to do. but in relation to this distribution of lyer to the people, it is silent.
Shillong, November 18: U MDC Bindo Mathew Lanong on Tuesday announced that he has decided to support the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDF) led by the Chief Minister. Executive Member (CEM), Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
Shillong, June 16: Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, the Vatican's provost to India, today consecrated Father Wilberth Marwein as Bishop of Nongstoin.
The meeting also discussed how to reduce the number of areas and how to expedite the sampling of those who have close contact with those who are suffering. to stay separate from the people.
Their names are these.
The days allocated for government business to be discussed in the House will be on the 21st, 25th and 27th.
The meeting concluded with the burning of the effigies of Narendra Modi, Amit Shah and Agarha Sangma.
One example of this is the holding of Expo 2020 in the UAE despite the pandemic, where India participated through its platform that showcased the country’s resilience and attracted the most person.
There have been 453 recoveries from COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 38,0
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Robertjune Khar Jahrin, said that during the meeting with the members of the party, The Director Ram Singh after talks with the party leaders said that he will talk to the government about this.
Speaking to reporters at the Polo Ground, Colonel Tarun Kumar said that in the army there is no special section for everyone. this recruitment was carried out by this competition as much as he could.
Furthermore, educational institutions shall offer Twinning Programmes, Joint Degree Programs and Dual Degree Programs according to the rules.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) today sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District seeking clarification on the price of T.75 per litre. The light should be distributed to the poorest of the poor.
He will also visit the Khappud Market in Bangladesh to talk to the people living in the area.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Mitchel Wankhar, expressed his satisfaction that such a scheme has come to the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Special Assistance Scheme (SAS) to the KHADC should not reach the personal accounts of anyone or be misused by anyone but should reach the public. said the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in a statement.
Shillong, July 14: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent the name of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC of Nongthymmai to be the Executive Member of the Executive Committee. give and take.
The winners of the competition were awarded by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
In the fight against insurgents, especially in Garo Hills, there is a shortage of police and it is difficult for the police chiefs to divide the people because they cannot work 24 hours a day. and their household chores.
I say that this headhunting should be abolished and to those who stand together to say give us your slip to fill.
The first phase of the project started in April 2021. Those who received the first phase have already completed the project and sent their report to the DC's office. released to all 34 dongs or villages.
They will also meet with the village authorities and the public on this issue, said Samla Pynskhem Shangdiar, President, KSU Rangthong Unit and Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills.
This year's award winners include Narayan Chandra Goswami for Classical and Medieval Literature, Hassu Yajnik for Classical and Medieval Literature, Tabu Ram Taid for Lost Languages ​​and Literature, Addananda C. Carriappa and (L) Mandeera Jaya Appanna for writing in Kodava language and Sondar Sing Majaw for writing in Khasi.
The Government has also funded the projects through the National Mineral Exploration Trust (NMET), he said.
Lambok urged to stop the rhetoric, it is up to the youth as men, to put aside that desire for glory, to put aside that desire to be in front, to put forward the issues of the whole nation.
The question now is what the Cantonment Board will do if the college cannot pay the tax.
From an early age, Parekh wanted to become a Gujarat businessman but his parents wanted him to become a lawyer.
Therefore, it was immediately recommended to correct the stamp, but due to the urgency of the government, it could not refuse to hand it over as it is until the stamp was printed in India through the Postal Department.
“We have submitted a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and he has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to convene a meeting with the Shillong Cantonment Board, the Police Department and others. “To discuss the emergence of slums,” said Bah Synrem.
Other members of the KTMC will be A Nonghuloo, Joint Secretary KHADC as Secretary, along with prominent Khasi doctors like Dr DL Nongspung, Dr Alka Kharsati, Dr Boss Myrthong and Bah Dlas Rani.
Not only that, but the party also strongly condemns those Khasi padiah who criticize their Jaidbynriew in the newspapers and social media, without first looking for the truth and the root causes.
In the men's race, Albert Diengdoh of Nongsder, Umiam came second, Teibor Marwein of Nongsder, Umiam came second and Nickywell Nongkseh came third. , Farmer, Spring.
The Principal of the school has submitted a petition to the CEM of KHADC to raise funds for the school. Teiborlang Pathaw EM, MDC of this constituency, Victor Rani, KHADC officers, Peter Lamare Rangbah Shnong and village officials were also present.
The PWD has already constructed the road from Itshyrwat to Umtyngkhun but when they reached this place they have stopped and the residents of four villages Umtyngkhun, Mawiong, Diengpassoh and Sohlaper want the PWD to improve the road. This road leads to the Shillong Bye Pass.
At the same time, he said that the Seng has tried to talk to the Shnong Domjyrti but they have not listened.
Explaining on the allegation that the land fee for the road from Umpung to Ranikor has been paid by the Syiem, the Syiem said that this allegation should be proved by the documents and if not pan map doesn't help you.
The party is proud that once again the post of Chairman of the UPSC has been appointed by a brother and sister.
The report was handed over by the Delimitation Committee headed by its Chairman, Bah Strawell Kharsyiemlieh, a retired judge of the District Council Court, in the presence of the members of the committee.
On the topic, My Meghalaya-Tobacco free-Meghalaya.
Other MLAs of the party, Himalaya Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Dikanchi Shira, Winnerson Marak, Zenith Sangma and other party leaders were also present at the ceremony.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the salary of Lower Primary teachers from T.12000 to T.18000 per month. There are 710 schools in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in Shillong today has risen to 27, including 8 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. In West Garo Hills, 7 BSF personnel, in East Khasi Hills, 8 personnel, 2 CRPF personnel, 1 Army personnel, 1 BSF personnel and 4 civilians.
Speaking to media, Bah Sawkmie said that in 2010, the CAU was announced to be established in Meghalaya and it was on the basis of the promise of the central government that the state government would purchase 91610192 land. sq meter and this has been handed over to the Central Government to set up the CAU. However, what is surprising is that now a College has appeared in this area. of Meghalaya and 3 MPs to work together to achieve the CAU as promised since the foundation of Meghalaya.
He said that the income challenges of the North East can be met by addressing the income challenges.
PC), to inform that only passenger buses and small vehicles are allowed to pass through the Damsite Bridge.
The Chief Minister said the government has decided to open tourist attractions and foreign tourists only to those who have already received both the Tika. .
As the government has launched many schemes for the improvement of the income of the people in the state.
Retired persons and their spouses should be citizens of Meghalaya and registered with the Zila Sainik Board, Shillong and their age should not be less than 45 years.
There are also requirements for the Production and Obtaining Certificates by in person or by applying through technology, to check the expiration date, the issuance of documents as well as the time and date. date and name of the officer who signed the documents.
The special session was convened for one agenda only and that is to discuss the allegation that money has been misappropriated from the KHADC budget and deposited back into the accounts of private individuals.
“I was a member of the APHLC, HPU and finally until I was converted to the UDP in
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday said that the District Council will not recognize any self-styled Rangbah Shnong. village in the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony which is now known as Them Rynjah.
George A Monin was nominated for the award in the category of internal affairs and Klein was nominated for the award in the category of external affairs.
“Our democracy is what inspires us and our Constitution is our resolution,".
On the other hand, the Congress party, although it has 29 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly, is still turning to the HSPDP to work with it. you can use this organization.
It may be recalled that the ISBT at Mawiong Rim was inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs on 24/7/2021 and the cost of preparing for the opening of the parking lot has been spent by the Government. 43,83,930 lakh.
Bah Sanbor said that the residents pay the water tax to the office but it cannot provide water.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Forum, Rev. (Dr.) Edwin H.Kharkongor said that all ethnic groups and traditional religions have their own views to accept and act in relation to marriage, divorce, inheritance, etc., while some communities have their own differences.
Along the NH 44, the road has been badly damaged.
“It will be an opportunity for the State to showcase its unique heritage and natural resources, especially cleanliness and dignity,” he said. Our State is a country that has never been destroyed.
According to information received, as Muktapur village borders with Bangladesh, the villagers and villagers used to go to Dirbihor Kymplang to catch fish or wash clothes as this river is on the outskirts of the village.
In Meghalaya, the Election Department has signed with the Postal Department for four constituencies, two in urban and two in rural areas to deliver EPICs to households. In the rural areas, Chokpot and Ranikor and in the urban constituencies, South Tura and Shillong South, the post office will deliver the EPICs to the homes.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 1 new case of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills District today. There are 92166 people.
Two men have died, Firmly Pale, 58, of Mission Compound, Jowai and Barnabas Pyngrope, 54, of Rynjah, Shillong. to 93 cases statewide.
The ABDM Scan and Share was inaugurated by Ram Kumar, Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya and Dr HC Lyndem, Director, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya. he don't just.
Earlier, the money was given to the MDCs but they did not give the accounts. This is one of the findings of the CAG. The Chatter Accountant shall take account and train the officers of KHADC to keep track of expenditure and to submit accounts every three months.
More than 500 people have come to take medicine.
“He said the Government believes that the peace talks should be held with the top leaders of the HNLC. “I would like to appeal to the top leaders of the HNLC, the door is open for talks.
Nehimaya Tyngkan is the Congress candidate who has contested twice from the same party from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today on Tuesday received a tip that a man was traveling from Mizoram in a sumno number AS 01 KC 9188 to Silchar. to Meghalaya he carried the drugs in his pocket.
Those who sat in this car were arrested.
At the same time, the Seng strongly condemns those Longkmie Khasi who are trying to destroy the Jaitbynriew by protecting the authorities who trade illegally without a Trading License just for the sake of money. They have the right to contribute to the protection of their nation.
Shillong, June 05: The Meghalaya State Judicial Academy in collaboration with the WWF of India today held a meeting on wildlife conservation.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Union Minister of State for Textiles, Smriti Zubin Irani today launched four projects in the North East to promote silk industry through video conference in New Delhi. on the second day.
“The election of office bearers will be held on 29th November 2023 and we have elected the members of the Nomination Committee who will conduct the election,” he added.
The incident happened in the morning while all the family members were inside the church in the village.
The medical college accepts 100 MBBS students per year.
Shillong, November 25: Christians today celebrated Christmas by going to churches to take part in services.
The goal of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to expand access to this scheme has encouraged the initiation of steps to expand it.
In Phlangmawprah, Mawthungmlang, Ryngkhiat and Pyndensynnia villages, the electricity has been out for more than a month.
A brief explanation on education loan was also given by the Branch Manager of SBI Amlarem.
Shillong, June 11: U Bah S Lyngdoh and leaders of the Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) Ri Bhoi District have visited Nongtraw village near Bhoirymbong on receiving information that many houses have been damaged due to the earthquake. sudden storm on sunday night.
Shillong, June 10: The Returning Officer of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, SC Sadhu, has sought clarification from the Voice of the People Party on a complaint received on Tuesday regarding the harassment of Voice of the People supporters. The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday held an election campaign rally in Jaiaw, East Khasi Hills District.
According to the agreement between India and Bangladesh, India will give 111 land to Bangladesh and Bangladesh will give 51 land to India.
The last meeting was to submit a report to the HLC as the government has appointed IIT Guwahati to investigate and find out the cause of the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly. the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : A motorcycle parked on the side of the road in Jhalupara has caught fire at 4 pm today. whether it was arson or a fire incident itself.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya government has implemented the National Food Security Act (NFSA) and the price of rice will be 3 tyngka per kilo. take it from the rice-eaters at six rupees per kilo.
As it has been seen that in this age when most of the entrance examinations in relation to line reading are taken from the NCERT syllabus to conduct such examinations as AIEEEW/JEE, AIMPT/NEET, CAT, CSE and so on.
India has also laid down rules through the Plastic Waste Management Rules,
The body of Dhrubajyoti Kalita, who drowned while swimming in the Aradonga River, was found on Sunday.
The number of shops recognized by the office and the number of shops in Shillong has increased to 2004 and 20 vehicles for sale.
The deceased was identified as Bah Mahamsing Sten, 38 years old, on Friday.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the food shops will open from tomorrow morning. from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm, this will be in the city and in the villages, the people should not worry that the food items in the market are enough.
The purpose of the International Film Festival of India is to celebrate films, the stories they tell and the people behind them.
The party takes this opportunity to encourage those who wish to join the party in the public service. The party has a facebook account for those who wish to join as members of the party. or to meet with the leaders of the organization.
Other Government Ministers who attended the opening ceremony included Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Marcuise M Marak, Gavin Mylliem MLA Sohra. doesn't.
Once again, the JSM congratulates and urges the District Administration of EJHD not to grant bail to such people so that we can eradicate such incidents in the state.
“In the next few days, this will be improved.
Prestone Tynsong and Rowell Lyngdoh are yet to return as ministers.
The office is following up with the revenue department and once the funds are received from the government department, they will build the school building.
The Shangsuwari Department of the state government has appointed three persons to clean up the area where the Mawbyna are located and the government has also built recreational areas to beautify the area.
The police department should also do its homework as the anger of the people over the government's inability to address the metor area is one of the reasons.
He said that in the four Municipalities in Meghalaya, there are 1800 full-time employees and 250 full time employees of the Municipalities.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government has already allocated T.35 crore for the construction of the first phase of the Shillong Tech Park on an area of ​​80 acres. The foundation stone of which was laid by the Union Minister today in Guwahati.
In this meeting which lasted for more than an hour, Prestone Tynsong informed the members of the CoHSO that they will look into the matter within the Law Department of the State Government and also within the Law Department of the State Government. The political department of the state government will then be brought before the Cabinet for discussion.
She was also surprised by the news that one of the political parties like the UDP has requested a White Paper from the Government on the mining of uranium or has requested a written explanation from the Government.
Aristone Thabah President of KSU Mawpren Branch said that today they conducted a raid on those who came to work in various jobs and arrested many foreigners who came to work in various jobs and arrested hundreds of foreigners without documents. The KSU has always reminded the government regarding this issue and they want to implement the ILP and MRRSA. The people who come to work should have proper documents, without proper documents, the union will continue to expel them if they don't have proper documents.
When they arrived at Sohiong Constituency led by the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the members of the HYC shouted that they demand the Inner Line Permit.
Regarding the traffic, only 25% of commercial vehicles are allowed to travel according to the announcement issued for these days of containment, the DC said that this has been done to prevent the spread of the disease. Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state, the markets that used to be held once every four days or days have been closed to avoid the crowds.
The funeral service will be held at the Catholic Cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
To the athletes who led these games, the Prime Minister said, “I would like to say one thing especially to you on the one hand, you are carrying forward the traditions that have existed for thousands of years, while on the other hand time provides guidance to the future of gaming activities worldwide.
For more information please visit IL&FS Office, Dhankheti Main Road Shillong.
“Peace is the path to development.
They also discussed the role of hesitancy to take the vaccine and the steps taken to overcome it.
However, the House rejected the resolution by voice vote.
He said that many of these villages are lagging behind in terms of development, roads and lack of government health facilities for the people.
By convening such meetings, the purpose is to learn about the problems faced and at the same time to find ways and means how to solve these problems for the benefit of the people.
“I don't want to ask you for an answer on the works of the ARSS Company, as I have learned that it is badly marked and has been rejected due to the illegal construction of the Dawki Road in the state. " said Marak.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting held at Jail Road Boys School, they discussed two issues that they demanded from the establishment of the MRDTA in They do not claim Pension and Death-Cum Retirement Gratuity (DCRG).
When we went to the place where the office is located, it was closed and the name of the office was deleted.
The HNLC leader, who surrendered to the police today, came alone without bringing any weapon.
Charles said that the report presented by the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly is without the knowledge of the District Council, without the knowledge of the Chief Executive Members. right to land in the state.
There, they tried to plunder and loot the natural resources of the state and to violate the rights of the people through the promotion of trade, literature, education, and even from The health of the people has been affected by the outbreak of Covid-1
ADR-Centric Juridical University, ADR House, 8J, Gopala Tower, 25 Rajendra Place, New Delhi – 110 008.6.
On the same day, u Bah Metbah also inspected the project of the Fisheries Department at Nongrangoi to set up an Aqua Park in the presence of the Superintendent of Fisheries, West Khasi Hills, Olda Khongngain and others. that riew old.
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya today together with the country celebrated the 'National Voter Day' at the State Central Library Shillong. games and the exhibition of election photographs.
The Seng also prays to God that through this Behdeiñkhlam he will bless all the children of Jaintia Hills to have a healthy body and also to learn. prosper in all aspects from income, income, education and in all their activities.
After a long struggle, we got independence and unity led us after we got this independence.
Each project will receive a grant of Rs 3 lakh to complete within 10 months.
Because this plague is only a wake-up call for a greater horror to come.
However, no action has been taken yet and due to the lack of action by the Police, the coal truck has been overturned on 12th June, 2024 after lodging a complaint on 30/0 /2024 near Athiabari Police Station for smuggling coal about 1 km from Athiabari Outpost,” he said.
At this meeting, the office bearers of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep Hills District were also elected.
This bridge clearly speaks to the closeness of humans and nature.
Shillong, July 9: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits the gathering of more than 500 people within 500 meters of the Legislative Assembly at Rilbong. This is in the Main and Additional Secretariats of the state as well.
The new office bearers are President Wallam Jingshngaiñ Suting, Vice President Basuklang N.Khongwar, General Secretary Vorrozislov Sohklet, Assistant Secretary Sanlang Vennhanan Diengdoh, Organizing Secretary Jestice Kharbyngar, Education Secretary ary Renewal Suting, Office Secretary Pynskhemborlang Nongrum, Publicity and Information Secretary Pynkiewbiang.
On this day, it was seen that there was a joyful celebration without any sorrow because this was a joyful celebration to welcome the priesthood.
“The robbers threw the driver out of the vehicle and fled the scene to escape from the hands of the police,” said the Addl.SP. The robbers have escaped from the area and also in Saiden where the police have raided shrip and until they reached Nongpoh, the police had to arrest them. The robbers were arrested when they got out of their vehicle and entered the forest at Nongpoh Dowgate.
The question is whether the Government can divide the Autonomous District under the jurisdiction of the District Council under para 20 of the Sixth Schedule. said Mr. Erwin.
At the same time, the KSU demands that both the governments should provide assistance to those refugees who have been attacked and are still undergoing treatment.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the first Kur meeting was held in 2005 under the leadership of Bah SK Sun bam kwai ha dwar u blei. .
After receiving the writings, the Chief Secretary will meet with three other government officials and these government officials must be free of charges against them and one member. The committee shall not take a decision within 60 days after receiving a letter of appointment from the education department of the State Government or the Central Government. There is a bad mark for allowing them to write a new exam as candidates without a bad mark.
New Delhi, November 01: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has led the six-month-old government to assume its second term on 30th November
This incident has prompted the NEPMU to allege that the police have overreacted to the drivers of fuel trucks even those who are standing at the Dhabas and sent a complaint to the Government.
He said that if the BJP is in Meghalaya and also in the central government, it will help better to develop the state. speak at this meeting.
Speaking at the meeting were Bah Stenis Pyngrope, Chairman, General Secretary, Bah Seibor Warbah and many other elders from different villages.
This increase in ad-hoc schools will come into effect from 1 November
In their speeches, Vincent H Pala MP and MLA Charles Pyngrope spoke on how the church has improved the society to promote the culture and traditions which was founded by Hajom Kissor Sing Nongbri in
The workshop will be held at Dorjeekhandu State Convention Center, Itanagar on 24th November 2023 from 9:30 pm.
The KSU said that since the university is located in Ri Khasi, the presence of a Khasi VC will help to improve the education of the indigenous people. The Khasi because the Khasi himself will understand better the needs of the Khasi because he himself is a Khasi.
The opening of the new Police Outpost will send a strong message that the safety and security of the residents is important, he said.
If you are found guilty of violating the rules, you will not be punished according to the law.
These members, including President Purning Shabong, were summoned after they visited foreign workers in Sohiong on the 7th and 10th July.
The purpose of the committee is to prepare the party for the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
The government sent these two persons on 16 th November 2010 and till now the government has not transferred these two persons.
Although the word Tar means the same in tar pynjot which means to cut, the same word is used in Tar Kpong.
As an organization that looks after the welfare, development, peace and especially the unity of a small nation which has many opportunities to create new benefits by singing songs. through the Customary Laws which are the Constitution of the District Council for the indigenous people in their respective Elaka.
Paiem Phrester M Syiemlieh, Vice President, Federation of Khasi States, in his speech, expressed his anger and disappointment and said that if the KHADC authorities want to improve, they should first improve the KHADC. The UK&JHADC Appointment of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959 should be repealed or amended because it has increased the price of Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Minister, Basan, Syiem, Lyngdoh, Sirdar, Wahadar, Dolloi, The Supreme Court in one of the cases of 1959, that the SANAD and the 1959 Act have equalized the rank of Khlieh Nongsynshar from Ministers of Kur, Shnong, Raid to Hima as The KHADC authorities through the provisions of this Act can be removed at any time while in the British times their status was different.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Latiplang said that the donation of computers is the purpose of distributing the scheme across schools across the country to improve education in the state. .
There are 7 candidates from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and 3 candidates from 2-Tura Constituency.
The Deputy Commissioner in charge of JNV Schools in the North East, KV Suresh, said that he has talked to the MGCC to direct the contractor of the JNV in Mawsynram to bring recruit more employees by providing them with syrnot so that they can come to work.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, on Tuesday said that the CoRP has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. I am very pleased with the peace talks with the HNLC because the party wants to see peace in the state.
Speaking to reporters, he said that according to the estimates received from the DC, only 1220 shops have been opened in Iewduh. open in one day only 30% or 33%.
Shillong, June 01: More than 500 people from Pynthorumkhrah area today registered for the Universal Health Insurance Scheme (UHIS).
The opening of all these Ar Tylli colleges will help the youth of the state who do not want to have Government Colleges in these areas.
At the same time, the barikor have dedicated themselves and strive to become skilled in the field of writing now from their own right.
Shillong, Lber 26: Residents from all over Jowai area today arrived at Musiang Market to sell their vegetables, but when they arrived at Musiang Market Jowai, it was closed by the district authorities.
Besides, they also spoke on many issues related to the farmers in the state.
The Jowe Presbyterian School Lower Primary School was also inaugurated in the presence of government officials and village officials.
The CEOs of all the states that have already held elections reported on their experiences and innovations used in the conduct of these elections.
Referring to the GNLA's proposal for peace talks, PA Sangma welcomed the GNLA's request and said that the issues can be resolved only through talks. it is your vision.
“What do you need to do like this in this land of Bri u Hynniewtrep?
The purpose of this assistance through this scheme is to encourage those farmers who raise fish in order to increase the income of the farmers of this area.
During the meeting, the Mawlai Mawdatbaki Dorbar Shnong has raised its demands before the Minister in charge of PWD to install speed breakers in the areas where there is work and also also to send traffic police to some parts of Mawlai.
Shillong, March 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said, “To teach how to install light, the government will distribute solar lamps to school children in the state. The Cabinet has decided to increase the number of students in class five and six.
In this regard, the Executive Committee has set up a committee to look into the matter and find out all the facts before taking a decision on the application for NOC for the construction of this road.
Shillong, March 23: Unidentified persons have thrown a petrol bomb at a muri vendor in Mawkhar, Shillong today at noon. of you have been destroyed.
Similarly, Sesame Workshop India has collaborated with the Social Welfare Department to conduct Learn Play Grow in four districts of Meghalaya.
MAKO appeals to all those responsible for the development and sports and lovers of sports, various groups or individuals to help achieve the goals of these 5 kickboxing cadets from Meghalaya. to reach the tournament in Italy, because it would be very difficult for MAKO alone to do this.
This announcement of the Government does not affect the income of the people, the customs and traditions, the religion and customs of the people of this state as enshrined in the Constitution of the country under Article 21 and Article 26.
On the same issue, the Seng has already demanded since last year to ensure that the centers of those Khasi students who write CUET should be within the State and the government. I will do what I have to do.
The MP promised to support the school as a sign of improving education, especially the school which has been neglected by the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYM) today in a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, demanded that the government should formulate the State Employment Policy and allocate 80 percent employment to the companies. they don't have this state.
He said that all this is the responsibility of the Congress government because the BJP will soon expose the works that the Congress government has done . Egenstar Kurkalang President BJYM said in a statement today that the President of the BJYM has done a lot of work for the people of the country.
At the same time, on the 2nd of April, the CPC will hold a cleanliness drive on the birthday of the Father of the Nation.
The tournament was held in Putian, China.
MA/MSc/MCom, etc. degrees are available.
In his welcoming speech, Dr.D.RL.Nonglait, said that although in the past two years the party has lost 6 senior members of the party, the new members The 14 other members will help to speed up the work of the party.
Khliehriat, Naitung 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District has held a special meeting with the DC East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Doph regarding the proposal of Star Cement Pvt Ltd, Lumshnong to introduce Aadhar Card to all. Foreigners working in these areas will start from the 25th – 26th of this month.
He urged the people to read carefully and understand before saying anything on any matter.
Children in 30 villages within the boundary of Smit PHC, including Mawmuthoh 80, Laitkseh 35, Mon Mon 20, Umiew Mawusam 24, Umlynghong 22, Saitdngiem 45, Umphrup - 28 children, 1-30, 60, 23, 23, 15, 17, 13, treatments and so on.
The CSWO also urged the KHADC to take a firm decision on this issue so that women too can have the same right to participate in the Dorbar so that there will be no discrimination in the village. you thaw.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The Additional Director General of Police (DRA) in charge of recruitment to the 6th Battalion, Bah BL Buam, today clarified the allegation by the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Central Body and the mothers of the 6th Battalion. father of the youths who fought for the police job.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, the swearing-in ceremony will be held only for the Chief Minister as other MLAs who have won the election have to take the oath as MLAs first. of the State Legislative Assembly.
The head of the training for the Guides was W Tariang who is in charge of Meghalaya and other leaders of the group were also present on the occasion.
According to the MACS, there are 1163 cases in Meghalaya but there are many others who have not come forward to be tested for the disease. .
In Khyndailad, it will be from Gold Cinema to Umsohsun Road and in GS Road, it will be from Shani Mandir to Bimola Point.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Teibor Pathaw said that the Government of India has requested for the implementation of the Digitalisation of Land Record. you land.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has said that the “Khaw Modi” has become one of the foods to improve the health of the people of Meghalaya. dedicated to the Prime Minister of India.
Shillong, November 16: The Office of International Affairs (OIA) of NEHU has selected 14 students to travel to Japan as part of the Indo-Japan Cultural Exchange Program
This will make this festival acceptable to all.
There are 42 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 29 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. there are 92234 people so far.
The loss of vegetables, herbal medicines which are a source of health and income in Ri Khasi Jaintia, and the loss of natural resources.
Police have received information about this but the abductees did not go to meet the police as they fled to their villages.
Witnesses told SP News Agency that police arrested Bah Anthony when he reached Nongthymmai Bridge but he said he was going to the meeting. On the other hand, the police have arrested him and waited until he was killed.
According to the order, the High Court has made it clear that it will prosecute any media outlet that publishes news of the curfew and has also ordered the government to prosecute. criminal cases against the media for violating the order of the High Court.
Today, we are a self-reliant country, full of the strength of our youth and strong-minded people, who want change and confidence to achieve the goal, who strive to bring about a clean system of governance, who build the future with inclusion and open opportunities for all Indians.
This was part of the country’s economy.
The crowd who attended the ceremony stood despite the heavy rain.
We demand that the FIR of J.Paul Lyngdoh and the members of the KSU should be withdrawn immediately.
All vaccinations (through the Government of India and other sources other than the Government of India) will be part of the National Vaccination Programme, and must follow the rules such as going through the CoWIN platform, linking to AEFI and other criteria.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: A group of students from the North Eastern Students' Organization (KSU) under the banner of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) ' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai  Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students ' Union (AAPSU).
This action of the BJP government cannot be accepted by the people of India especially the people of the North East. the customs and traditions of the people and as minorities they have the right to defend themselves even if they have to protest.
The Decision Support System based on GIS for the North Eastern States and the North Eastern District Resource Plan Geo-Portal (NEDRP) were also launched.
Speaking to media, he said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh has resigned from the post of MDC because he does not know the laws and now he is contesting against his son. Lyngdoh is not a minister in the government.
This step encourages people to participate in the economic development of the country.
The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) Mawdiangdiang is a well-equipped hospital where people from all over the country come for treatment. from different villages come but the problem for them is accommodation.
Under these rules, both parties registered after 5th March 2015 must submit a written application for a fee of T.10 tyngka and this can be obtained from the appointed officers. to become registered at the offices of the Deputy Commissioners by uploading two photographs and this shall be done within 70 days from the date of registration.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Chief Engineer of the Water Resources Department, Meghalaya, Shillong has informed the public that those who own land can submit applications for the construction of water tanks on their land. they.
I congratulate all the athletes who have made history at the Asian Games,” said Anurag Singh Thakur.
Lyngdoh Pakma emphasized on the golden age as a parable of good human behavior in relation to others in society.
Speaking to media, Bah Ardent recalled that in 2013, when he was an MLA, he had brought a resolution in the Legislative Assembly. However, his demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya was rejected after being defeated by voice vote.
This revenue cannot only pay for the sardars of the village roads.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Union Home Minister, U.S. Amit Shah for resolving this decades-old problem.
Shillong, March 13: Former Mawlai MLA Bah SD Khongwir on Tuesday said that Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala is a man who loves his village and is humble. I used to say that I was from Mawlai.
In connection with this curfew, we from the JSM urge the public to cooperate with us by please accept and not to complain because this is not a personal matter or benefit. but we as the residents of this area need a good road, so that we can be safe on all sides.
He said that the state as a whole has received this money from the ADB to build 117 schools.
On the 17th July 2018, the Federation of Khasi States has sent a letter to Bah RN Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima to take action to hold an urgent meeting of the Dorbar Hima Mylliem together with the Nongsynshar and their children. Thousands from village, raid to Hima and a copy of the same letter was sent to the Chief Executive Member, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: It is shocking that the fish raised by the people in Umthied Lawkasoin and Mawkhan villages have died without knowing any reason. the death of the gap.
Up to 25 acres of land is required by the Government for the construction of the new jail.
In 2010, it shot dead four people in Langpih and recently arrested the president of HANM North Khasi Hills. state of Meghalaya.
At the same time, Kong Roshna Gajmer Basaiawmoit said, “Our goal is to screen free of cost up to 1,10,000 people in the 5 by conducting up to 720 refraction eye camps in all districts of the state.
The role of technology in schemes such as SVAMITVA and housing provision, and the outcomes of this in terms of land ownership and women’s empowerment, plays a role in the UN Sustainable Development Goals on poverty and gender equality, said Minister Duh.
L.Pariat-General Secretary of Meghalaya Athletics Association.
The Prime Minister's remarks to the Seng Bhalang leaders have angered them since a meeting between the Seng Bhalang and the government on 29th November. The government has decided not to implement the ILP and the civil society has decided not to sit still until the government implements the ILP. (SP News).
The 2013 Batch of Government, SSA, Deficit and Adhoc Teachers will be held on the 29th of this month at the District Library Auditorium Mynthong Jowai at 10 am.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mukhla Nongrim, Mista Suna and other elders who attended the ceremony gave speeches.
The Union Minister said that more than 31 crore people have received Ayushman cards to get treatment in hospitals where families have received free treatment up to T.5 lakh. In the past year, 11,000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been opened at 50-80 percent lower prices for medicines, more than 1.64 lakh Ayushman Arogya Mandirs have emerged, which are considered as Health Gate Keeper of Indian citizens and a complete health surveillance system and a treatment initiative implemented from 48 BSL Labs"
This year is important for us to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Bapu Mahatma Gandhi. great.
Shillong, March 26: Visitors and shopkeepers in Iewduh today were shocked to learn that a song placed in front of a shop has burst into flames and the residents have fled on the suspicion that someone has planted a bomb. .
Shillong, July 18: At 7.30 pm this morning, people passing through Pomdiem Road have found 500 spah of old notes scattered on the road. which means T.5.5 lakh.
Shillong, March 27: Police today received a verbal complaint from Sengban Sangma of Upper Rongjeng of East Garo Hills District and he and two others while they were on their way from Williamnagar to Rongjeng. They went to the Nengpatchi forest and were robbed.
The Chief Minister said the MPSC will soon invite applications.
Shillong, June 30: The President of the BJYM, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, on Tuesday said that the allegation by the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs is only a fear of the BJP, as the people have now understood and accepted the BJP. BJP because the work done by the BJP government is in conflict with the Congress rule and many of them are accused of corruption.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) to ban the ban. Abhi Coke Pvt Ltd.
Kong Lyngdoh praised the Government for setting up the CRC and added that there is still a lot of work to be done for the welfare of those with disabilities. the soul is clean.
The MLMDF elected Sushit Kanti Choudhury as its president and Dr. Bishnu Choudhury as its general secretary. Dayanand Kumar Singh was elected as the treasurer and Jagganath Koirala as the treasurer.
On the other hand, the government through the Education Department.
In this meeting, the Minister informed the group that there is a scheme prepared by the government for the area and the Ministry of Water Resources has a scheme called the Pynthorumkhrah Flood Control Project. , but because of the rules there is not much room and they are currently looking into this scheme.
The inspection was also to discuss the land implemented under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) in Laitmawsiang and Laitsohpliah.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: There are 250 cases of COVID-19 positive in the state, 37 cases admitted to hospitals, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today said. Hills 32, Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills
Before leaving for Delhi, the Chief Minister had already called a meeting with the Minister of Electricity.
The Anti Retroviral Therapy (ART) Centre, which is not available at NEIGRIHMS, has been established to provide treatment to HIV positive people. The ICTC's IRL lab has also received NAC accreditation.
“When we look at the whole of Jaintia Hills, there are only foreign shops and the question is, why don't these shops run by foreigners have Trading License and if they don't have Trading License License, that is, they violate the law and why doesn't the JHADC punish or ban them?” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Traffic Police today arrested government vehicles operating between Iewduh to Laitumkhrah and Nongthymmai for illegal parking by the drivers.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has said that the treatment of Bah Noping Khongsit with eggs is against the human rights of all human beings and cannot be accepted.
The decision of the High Court on the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries has had a major impact on the Congress-led government.
This ensures that important emergency information reaches as many people as possible in a timely manner.
He added that last year, 17,000 Psychrotrophic Tablets were seized and this year 44,000 tablets were seized and 27,000 tablets were seized last year. Police have seized 1.5 lakh tyngka this year.
The election for the post of Chairman will be held on the 17th at 10.00 pm and for the post of CEM on the 18th at 11.00 pm.
He also urged the people of Hynniewtrep to continue to cooperate and support these protests of the Sengbhalang which are for the cause of the country and the nation.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has put the education sector at the forefront of the state and the government has spent a lot of money to build schools in the state to improve education. book.
Regarding this issue, the KSU urges the electricity department to take action to provide electricity in the area.
The DC ordered them to meet with the Addl DC Bah Rapborlang Kharbihkhiew, but the meeting with the ADC did not give them any satisfaction and they left the conference hall immediately. Arnold said that all these visitors will strongly oppose the company's proposal as the project will affect many of the farmland of the residents. villages in these areas and it will also be a huge loss in the income of the farmers.
“Expressing that the Police will continue to fight against the spread of drugs, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The Police team has been sleepless and is trying its best to arrest the drug traffickers.
Serum is separated from the blood to find proteins in the blood to fight the virus.
The death toll has risen to 52, with one death in East Khasi Hills District.
From the survey, it was found that due to the large number of people who came from all over the state, the Syiem and the Dorbar were advised to think carefully how to create a way to demand the holding of the days as a State Holiday especially when it is a National Festival.
Many of the leaders in the states and districts have not responded to the voice of the people.
In another incident, the State Disaster Response Team led by Inspector SA Marak together with officials of the Forest Department have removed a tree from a house in Lower Balsanang, Tura. the incident did not involve any tragedy.
“Young people who are still interested in pursuing higher education can contribute to the needs of the Government by doing research, data collection and record keeping,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by KSU General Secretary Jiedskhem Nongsiej, KSU Balat Border Area Circle President Bonsen Snaitang and others.
During the meeting, the two leaders said that cooperation has brought many victories in the fight against terrorism and also against criminals who want to destroy the country. you are at peace.
After Bah Adrent, the House elected Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the new CEM on 08th March 2014 and he remained in office until 15th June
Shillong, July 04: Meghalaya Police have arrested an Assam Rifle soldier named Nk.
However, the Meghalaya High Court has amended the Government Notification No. MUDA BPI/596/2011-12/8-A dated 5th July issued another Government Notification No. MUDA 188/255/2005-06/Pt/6A on 16th July 2016 and the order of the Government to suspend has been cancelled.
“We women members of the BJP cannot accept such incidents which are now only the signatories in many Congress ruled states.
Many of the children participated in the following games.
The state has allocated T.22.588 crore for 28 roads.
Amlarem, Nailar 28: The Syndai Kmaishnong Senglang Club of Syndai Village has once again continued the distribution of awards to all the children of the village. Rangbah Shnong of the three villages in Syndai, Village Secretary, Club Secretary Ma Henry Manar, Sport Secretary Shnong Martin Pohplet, Elders and the people of the village as a whole.
The Railways came in second.
After the trial, he was sentenced to a fine of 2,000 tyngka and his driving license was revoked and he was banned from driving until 9th ​​June the law.
Members of FAMASTA, Bah Kenneth Shadap, Secretary of JACATAM, said that due to the government's lack of action on their demand, they have taken a decision. to hold a public rally in Shillong on the 3rd of July.
The HMYWO feels that this is a great honor not only for the HMYWO but for the area and the Hima Mylliem as a whole and at the same time the HMYWO would like to extend its special congratulations to Paiem Latho Manik. Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar as a whole who are the advisors and empowerers of the Seng and who support the Seng at all times.
The march started from Nonghylla and ended with a public meeting at Nongjri where many of the speakers wanted peace in the area and these kidnappings and extortion should end. .
Shillong, November 07: Officials of the Meghalaya State Planning Board today said that the contractor for the construction of the bridge on the Shella River connecting Mawsynram area has failed to complete the construction of the bridge. remove yourself from this work.
She urged the children to be the ones who will contribute to the family, society and humanity as well.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that the police have been vigilant to ensure that drug traffickers to destroy the youth of Meghalaya should not escape and many have been arrested. .
To conclude the tournament in the afternoon, a Holy Mass was conducted by Rev. John Madur, Vicar General of the Shillong Archdiocese as the chief guest.
They hope that through this “Behavioral Change” awareness campaign we have started in Bhoi district will bring about a clear understanding and cooperation with the residents to come forward to donate blood voluntarily to bring about a positive change in the future. of the district.
This has been achieved thanks to reforms over the past eight years.
All those who know the parents of this child or the family members of this child are requested to inform the office of the District Child Protection Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
Of the 347 awarded for bravery, 204 are from Jammu and Kashmir, 80 are from fighting insurgents in other parts of India, 14 are from 109 from the North East, 108 from Jammu and Kashmir, 19 from the BSF, 42 from Maharashtra and 15 from Chhattisgarh.
The mid-term elections in Ampati were held after Dr Mukul Sangma resigned as MLA of Ampati after winning the elections from two constituencies, Songsak and Huge.
On 1st November, 2024, Turti Basumatary, resident of Buglamari village, Goalpara district, Assam surrendered to the North Garo Hills Police with a pistol and two bullets. which have not been blown up.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma has worked hard to win the Congress 29 MLAs which the Congress has never won since the inception of Meghalaya.
It is unfortunate that we have not yet received laws to strengthen and enhance the customs and traditions of the Dorbars / Seng Kurs.
Regarding the MGNREGS scheme, it was said that the Sub Post Masters receive a special commission (incentive) from this scheme and not from the Department which amounts to Rs.1 tyngka and 2 tyngka per account.
He said that many times as the leaders in the opposition look at the same way and it would be good if the government also accepts the suggestions when they point out the mistakes, this will help. because both sides are working for the development of the state in all aspects.
But don't worry, we will build a new country," he added.
The case has been registered at Jowai Police Station under Section 302/34 IPC and the investigation and prosecution has been conducted by SI C. Lamare.
The Federation of Khasi States (KKHA) has sent its congratulations to Bah Macmillian Byrsat, Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, who has reached the top of the MLA election. the country and the nation.
Looking at Kashmir, the Government of India has deployed more than 7 lakh troops just to fight against the Muslim armed groups which have only 500 troops. It doesn't depend on the difference, it's the difference between the war of the world and the war of the rebel groups.
It is learned that due to this incident, the residents of Umlaper, Ummat and Pdengtleit villages today came out to demolish these gates set up by Assam and demanded They also ordered the Assam police to leave Umlaper immediately.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 10:Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) strongly condemns the incident ha Umsawli. This is a violence against the people of the state. the action of the terrorists.
Alert! therefore, when you send me to speak to the people now.
He said that the party demands that the JHADC should dissolve the committee.
The union has suggested to the state government by submitting a previous petition to the Home Secretary of the state government to set up a Police Outpost in Mukroh village as since 2015 it has already demanded the same and till now the government has not done. pat with something.
She said that Meghalaya has the second highest number of cases of tuberculosis in India and said that Meghalaya has the highest number of cases of tuberculosis in India. from the habit of drinking and smoking.
Materials include activity sheets, worksheets, flashcards, posters, game boards and others.
Regarding this scheme, the Congress has alleged that there has been a lack of political activity to bring about the feelings of the people. Shillong, July 27: U Bah Disparsing Rani, one of the RTI applicants for government jobs, today said that those who have been appointed by the government have been appointed. A total of 1,56,563 people have applied to the Secretariat for the 119 posts.
All those youths who have applied for this assistance are urged to check their names in their respective blocks and those who have not appeared can send a letter. to the office of the Project Director, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh on or before 4th July
