In his speech, Bah Donkupar Dkhar, President of the Khasi Seng Kmie, said that the Children's Seng was started on 23rd June 1969 at Mawkhar and now has 20 branches and three training centres. He urged the group to collect hymn books and teachings on the traditional religion and urged the parents to send their children to the teachings.
: After 10 years of the release of the film “Khat Saw Phra 14/8”, one of the talented filmmakers from the state, Bah Kenny Lyngdoh, is ready to bring back to the audience the film. to keep the audience in suspense thriller.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The women's group of STIEH has held a meeting to elect its office bearers. Deiwi Tongper has been elected as the president of STIEH. organization.
After submitting his resignation letter from the Congress party and from the post of MPCC Secretary in charge of Nongpoh Constituency, he said that from the date of his first election until cast your vote for the Congress.
Rachel Jyrwa won Miss Beautiful Skin, Rimika Dkhar Miss Beautiful Hair, Rebecca Nongkhlaw won Miss Beautiful Eyes, Kelly Marriane Nongbri won Miss Beautiful Smile and Cafilia Namika Sylliang won Miss Catwalk. : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday found many shortcomings at the Nongmensong Health Centre.
This shows that the illegal mining of coal in Meghalaya has been banned by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
If you have any shortage of rice, please contact the office of the DC East Khasi Hills District.
“However, I am surprised how Bah Ardent wants to abolish the District Council which protects the integrity of the people,” said Bah Shylla.
There are 434 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 198 from West Garo Hills and 69 from West Garo Hills. 69859 people so far.
Chinglensana Singh, defensive midfielder Isaac Vanmalsawma and midfielder Isaac Vanmalsawma are being trained for the AFC Asia Cup 2019 in the 2nd and 7th July 2016 in Laos and Guwahati, India.
After the issuance of the NRC in Assam, the government has ordered not to allow people to come from Assam without proper documents.
New Delhi, November 07: The Union Government led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is working hard to provide electricity to every household in the rural areas of the country.
This year's Suk Mynsiem dance at Weiking Square in Khyndailad was held at Weiking Square in Khyndailad with a large screen so that the public who could not reach Weiking Square could watch it. in this place there is a song of Suk Mynsiem.
Facilitation has also been made to open up opportunities for companies from all over the world to come to India, set up their factories and meet the needs of the world.
In November, 2022, the Ministry launched the Indian Standard (IS) 19000:2022 ‘Online Consumer Reviews — Principles and Requirements for their Collection, Moderation and Publication.
The union will also send a complaint to the government especially to the Minister of Home Affairs and to the Meghalaya Human Commission regarding the incident against the union members.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Nursing College at Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
There was also a discussion on bringing the platform worldwide and working with those who have passed from these institutions so that there is a mutually helpful relationship and to enhance their contribution to their old schools.
The objective of Mission Vatsalya is to ensure a healthy and happy childhood for all children of the country; to bring about an environment of understanding, support and collaboration for the future of children; to assist the States and UTs in the implementation of the Juvenile Justice Act
Jowai, November 01: The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang today confirmed Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu as the President of the party in Jaintia Hills. One Way Talang as General Secretary.
Bikram D Marak, SP Traffic of Shillong, has been transferred to the post of SP of West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, he said that during the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, they submitted a petition regarding the request of the Governor of Meghalaya. The Governor of Meghalaya has promised to take action on this issue.
All those who wish to take part in this competition are invited to attend.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Meghalaya will hold the Freedom India Run 2.0 to be conducted by youth groups across the state from 13th July,
Whether he feels that Cheris Thangkhiew is talking to the Minister of Home Affairs, he says yes, that too is unknown, whether he feels sorry for me too. Dr Mukul Sangma has been in office for five years, I don't know why he asks this question, I don't know if there are officers of the blue eye. Boy' let's be in office, as it seems it's almost time for them to transfer them, let's say why the government is spending time to transfer this or that, the transfer it's the same thing".
I believe that those friends who did not have the opportunity to visit the scene of the incident did not hesitate to visit on their mobile phones through social media and various media outlets.
The organization expresses its regret over the attack on Christians by criminals who have had such courage and hatred of Christians and attempts to create hatred against minority believers. .
On the other hand, Bah Himalaya said in the House that in Mawsynram there is a Mawjymbuin Crematorium where thousands of people come to worship at this place where the government can get a lot of money. At the same time, he said that the tallest crematorium in the world is in Mawsynram.
Shillong, July 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that Mairang District will be opened before Independence Day and preparations are in progress.
The purpose of this festival is to preserve the games of the past which are beginning to disappear.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Director General of Police, Idashisha Nongrang IPS, on Tuesday said that regarding the peace talks with the HNLC, the answer is from the government. no, but the door is open.
He said that after the launch of the PM-DevINE scheme, projects for livelihoods in the North East have accelerated.
He was speaking at the International Water Conclave organized by the Ministry of Water Resources, State Government on Thursday.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong Circle on Friday held a meeting to discuss the issue. opinion on this intention of the Government.
The gold medal winners were Alphonsa Zinia Wriang (36 kg) and Mary Christine Wriang (38 kg 15), followed by Jubinian Mylliemngap (51 kg) and Aldonald. Kharthangmaw, 49 kilograms 19 years old, did not reach the goal.
Shillong, Nailar 20: Ka HYC Mawlai Circle today night 20/8/2020 arrested three foreigners from Assam and a Khasi driver of a truck NLO1 K 1866 without permits. permission from the District authorities.
At the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, and Chairman, SPIKAP, congratulated the winners and said that the Government should have provided assistance. special for traditional healers as part of congratulating them for their voluntary service in remote villages far from Government Hospitals.
In Meghalaya, out of 12 districts, drug trafficking is concentrated in 8 districts. , Ri Bhoi District.
The Secretary, Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Meeta Rajivlochan said that more information about the campaign across the country can be found on the website. Clay My Country.
To attract young people, they produce cigarettes with a high flavour.
Ms Laloo urged the people and especially those who have learned to take up the opportunity to take up agriculture in order to improve food production to alleviate food shortage.
The Rangbah Shnong has informed the police and the body has been recovered by the police.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Luistar, General Secretary, FKJGP.
The Government has also convened a meeting with the CEMs of District Councils in which the Government has expressed its intention to build more government markets to assist the farmers.
These places include Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Lumdiengjri, Lamavilla, Qualapatty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat and Cantonment Beat House.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Syiemlieh said the government should accept the request of the rebel group for peace talks. peace in this state.
If there are any banks which have urgent business to conduct the financial affairs of the government, they can open but they have to inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner. today.
: Model Village, Umduba, Umnowe, Amden, Iongkhul, Nengrabil, Lalmati, Billingku, Shibra, Mawiong, Santipur, Langkaduh and Umlathu New Village.
All the allegations found by the police are baseless, the picture of the woman did not happen inside this district and the picture of the child happened in 2016 when Police have registered a case and arrested the mother who committed the crime.
The Yaba drugs were seized by the BSF and the three drug traffickers were handed over to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
The march started from the ground floor of Khadsawphra College and ended at the Tirot Sing Memorial Hall Pyndemumiong. .
It was also witnessed that the flames have destroyed the entire office building and it is not an old wooden building.
If this happens, the people will lose confidence in the law enforcement agencies especially the poor.
Shillong, Nailar 24: A total of 12 people have tested positive for COVID-19 till 10 am today, of whom 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from the army and 1 case from the civilian.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle, has expressed its deep sorrow over the increasing drug abuse and drug trafficking in Shillong.
Speaking at the public meeting, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, who has returned to the Congress party from Mawkhar-Pynthorbah Constituency, said that this is the decision for 2023 and urged the people to vote for him. support for the Congress candidate.
Secretary Youth Congress, BCC Office Bearers, Mahila Office Bearers, Youth Congress, Party Workers in Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking on the occasion of the 71st Republic Day of India at Madon Polo, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the government has set a target to make Meghalaya a By 2030, it will be the richest state in India.
The union will go to talk to the government to reopen the petrol and diesel plant at the depot near Umiam of ICAR, which has been closed for many years.
They are light,” said Bah Syiemiong and said that the police have taken action and registered a case as they (truck owners) cannot pay the injured.
Today, three districts have tested positive for COVID-19, one in East Jaintia Hills, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in West Khasi Hills. You have not tested positive for COVID-1
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the volunteers, has sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui regarding the application for Class XI. The MBOSE has not yet released the SSLC matric results for
Two deaths have been reported today, one in East Khasi Hills and one in West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
On the other hand, the FKJGP urges those who have gone to work abroad and have returned home if there is anything ordered by the government to obey the order of the government by going to see the government health facilities.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has suspended the traffic of trucks as the repairs to the bridge are ongoing since this morning.
They have been able to showcase it as a way that everyone can accept and that it doesn't matter what age they are, what family they come from and what talents they have.
Clean public spaces, access to digital services, health facilities and sanitation, which improve cities.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there was no demand to replace the CLP leader. Only the MLAs can demand the replacement of the CLP leader. no such thing as a claim.
In front of this shop, a heated argument broke out between the Sordar of Mawmaram and the Sordar of Sohphoh Pyrton. They have ordered the closure of the shop until the owner of the land is resolved.
Many of the drivers said that the traffic police only check commercial taxis while private vehicles are not checked because they are afraid that they may belong to high-ranking officials. government.
However, what is surprising is that the Lad of the State has criticized the Seng without knowing the sources of the work.
Total recoveries today are 7 cases, 6 cases from BSF and 1 case from East Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that West Khasi Hills District still needs a lot of development works and this government under his leadership wants to develop West Khasi Hills District with development works and all the projects. Districts in the state will receive similar development projects.
The purpose of the meeting was to exchange information, lessons learned from the two countries and most importantly to strengthen bilateral relations between the two countries. km between these two countries.
The National Youth President of the NPP, Ratika Yumnam, said that only the NPP can do this because it understands the needs of the people of this area and the people will support the party.
There are 152 recoveries, 69 from East Khasi Hills and 41 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries so far is 77,9
The union demands that the government should take action regarding this announcement and the students of this state should be released from this rule to avoid any problems. There is a problem with the students of this state because many students need this assistance to support their studies.
The turnout in the 8-Nongkrem MDC Constituency out of 20117 was 15069 with a percentage of 74.91pc. Out of 11553 voters, 7424 voters turned out to vote with a percentage of 64.26pc, while in the 22-Nongspung-Sohiong MDC constituency, 24,255 voters turned out to vote. 19538 people and the percentage is 80.55pc.
These commitments may apply to target groups among the followers such as the poor households (BPL), the socially marginalized, women, the disabled, and so on. spirit to all the followers.
So far, they have received 80 BiPAP ventilators, 80 trolleys, 100 oxygen concentrators, 1 lakh masks and 5000 surgical gowns from foreign aid released by the Government of India.
This article was signed by the General Secretary of the JJA.
The MLA was accompanied by the elders of Ri-Bhoi District including the Village Leaders of Nongpoh and Umden.
Later, the union also met with the Inspector of Posts of South Sub-Division, Deepak Das who is in charge of Sub Post Offices and Branch Post Offices in Mawsynram Block.
The 14" diameter pipeline passes through three states including West Bengal (60 km), Jharkhand (98 km), and Bihar (35 km).
At the meeting, the UDA could not take any clear decision and decided to meet again tomorrow to resolve the issue, he said. CEM Teinwell Dkhar after the meeting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Rinku Modak has lodged a complaint with Laitumkhrah Police Station that her 16-year-old daughter has been abducted by a man named Bikash. 6th of this month at 6.30 pm in Nongrimmaw.
The army has recaptured some villages from the armed groups, and perhaps in a short time everything will be back to normal.
The ammunition seized included 340 rounds of aircraft cleaning ammunition and four boxes of ammunition.
Services such as consultation with doctors, free tests and free medicines are available at these centres.
We want your cooperation.
During these years, the battalion has done many great things in winning the trust of the people of Mizoram during the fight against the insurgents until
This is why everyone now markets politics as dirty.
256.36 grams of gold, 66.7 grams of heroin and T.19,000/- were also seized from the house of Deepika Roy.
The meeting was attended by the President of KHNAM Bah Thomas Passah, Chief Organizer of KHNAM who is also the candidate of KHNAM from Mawlai Constituency Bah BL Nongbri, Secretary of KHNAM Bah Freewelson Marpna and Happy Pyrtuh, President of the Union of Asha Workers, Meghalaya and many other ASHA workers were also present.
There were 109 soldiers who volunteered to donate their blood, of which 102 were males and 7 were females.
He explained to the youth that it is not right to fight in this way because there are still other ways to fight.
This action has resulted in people becoming homeless.
The leader of the union, Bah C.Wankhar, said that the fish imported into Meghalaya come from all over the companies from Andhra Pradesh and these fish have been certified by the Government of Andhra Pradesh. which proved that they were not injected with formalin.
Mizoram Tourism recognizes the importance of community participation in tourism, ensuring that they benefit from tourism along with sustainability.
Shillong, July 27: A group of nine banks in India under the banner of the United Forum Bank Unions (UFBU) has called for a nationwide strike from 14 July Banks will be closed for two days on the 30th and 31st of this month.
This will help to strengthen the capacity of the health services in the states receiving these assistance and this will also strengthen the capacity in these states to provide assistance to those who have been infected with COVID-1 treatment in different hospitals.
The KSU wants to ask the government to tell the truth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NPP State President Dr Kharlukhi said that he wants to work only for the party. “He wants to give them the opportunity to work for the party,” said Dr Kharluki.
This is the road that the people walk on foot to Mawlai, the presence of people who live in the streets has made many people afraid to walk from this place, but now it will bring back the peace of the people. people who walk on this road.
Momin said the new tender will be called after the vote, as the board is currently in dire need of funds.
KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah in a statement sent to the media said that according to information received from the public, the police have sealed the ILP gate. The meeting was held at 11:00-11:30 pm and after the gate was broken, the knuckles were burnt down.
The reason for the inability to fill these vacancies in the department was explained to be the lack of approval of the Service Rules by the State Government and the vacancy of 102 posts. Khalasi explained that the state government had ordered through its notification in
On the other hand, the union expressed its gratitude to the police for their hard work in arresting these people and urged the police department and the government to take action. and to investigate thoroughly so that all those involved in such activities to extort money can be arrested.
In this regard, the authorities in charge of Tura Government College have lodged a complaint with the Tura Police Station to investigate into the possession of these fake certificates and take necessary action.
On 3/8/2022, police arrested Abdul Motalif, 21, and recovered an Asus laptop, 2 HP laptops, Dell laptop, 1 Canon Power shot SX430 IS, 1 Canon camera IXUS, 1 VIVO mobile phone.
In a petition submitted to the CEM of GHADC by the NGEA of GHADC, they said that they have not received their salary since November 2016 and the union demands that the CEM should pay them. the salary of the employees this month.
It is to be recalled that this surprise visit of the party is because it is no longer a new job but an old one to oppose the Rangbah Shnong of the Garo people within the border of the Hynniewtrep people. In this regard, the party has already issued a letter saying that it is not allowed to send them as Rangbah Shnong.
This plantation is also an example for other states in India to follow.
Regarding the distribution of ration, Prestone said that those households who have NFSA ration cards will receive 5 kilos of ration per person whose name is on the ration card. .
According to the figures released today, 803 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 7682 people are still infected.
The party also congratulates and praises all the 60 MLAs of Meghalaya for accepting and passing the ILP in the Legislative Assembly of the state.
Government officials, private sector, college teachers, mobile network service providers, infrastructure providers and other officials participated in the seminar.
He said that there are those who oppose him that the road he opened which is public money he gave in his own name, but Bah Sanbor asked those who oppose why they did not get the road when the leaders They have been demanding for 45 years, why can't Bah Sanbor deliver?
Ribhoi while the bronze medal was won by the athletes of West Garo Hills.
After this discussion, the State Governments were directed to order that only unauthorized activities will be allowed to continue in the 75 Districts which have confirmed the presence of COVID-19 cases or have not. those who have died from this disease.
LL Lifecare Ltd (HLL) is a central government company and Amrit Pharmacy will set up pharmacies to sell medicines at low prices according to the prescriptions of doctors. said Rupa Chakraborty, Regional Manager, HLL.
Music lovers of Shillong have arrived at the venue in violation of the curfew called by the HNLC to listen to various singers who have stirred up the crowd at the venue.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Crowbrough Hotel in Khyndaitlad has been a shame to find that the government has not been able to complete it for more than 10 years. The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has had to appoint an arbitrator to resolve the issue.
There are 3.24 lakh three ply masks available, 3.6 lakh to arrive and 6 lakh 95N masks have been purchased.
The decision to give tickets to these three candidates was taken at the SEC meeting of the NPP party under the chairmanship of Dr WR Kharlukhi.
Shillong, March 27: The Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) scheme, popularly known as the MLA scheme, will be launched at The State Level Committee will sit and take a decision with the Chief Minister as the Chairman.
About 121 students from Sahsniang A&B, Thangthring, Jongkasaro, Thangthring, Tumtum and Mowshrot villages participated in the program and hundreds of other students, teachers and the public witnessed the programme. the village.
The Director said that the death toll from COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills has risen to 2, the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 51 people.
L Magnar President of AMSSASTA said that the decision taken after they ended their strike today is to send a letter to the Ministry of Human Resource Development of the Union Government to request According to their information, the MHRD has allocated only one salary to the SSA teachers in UP School and LP School, but when it comes to the state government, it differs. The union wants to know if the MHRD has sent a clarification but if they have received a clarification from the central government, the union will convene another General Meeting.
To date, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Goa and Telangana have become states or UTs 'Har Ghar Jal' and every household in 55 districts and 85,000 villages in the country has received the cards. doesn't.
The tournament was organized by the People's Federation of Arm Wrestling India (PFAWI) in collaboration with the Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) and the Treilang Welfare Society (TWS) with the support of the Ministry of Sports and Technology. Youth Affairs of the State Government was witnessed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
This is a great victory for the police as they have reached the GNLA camp and seized a lot of ammunition from the camp.
He said that the NPP will not end this project only in the state but will take it to the central government as the state government has bought sugar to distribute to the people at an excessive price. The price of plastic bags is T.45 tyngka per kilo while the government has bought plastic bags at T.54.27 per kilo.
Urging the members of the Seng to be united, Samla Spaindarsing said, “Let us forget the religious differences, the regional differences, the village differences, but let us unite together to fight for the cause of the Jaitbynriew”. Samla SS Niangti in his speech said, “The KSU Sahsniang Unit is the working unit which acts as a messenger to the Seng, or even to the Government when there is any emergency that may happen to them. “Whenever there are incidents on the border, it is the KSU Sahsniang Unit that immediately informs us,” said SS Niangti.
The land was handed over by the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who was the Chief Guest to the President of the Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait after a signing ceremony between the Ministry of Arts and Culture and of the Khasi Author Society.
Chyne said the decision to reject the proposal was taken because if the number of seats in the District Councils is increased, it will affect the land availability in the constituencies and also the budget of the District Council. Council which can affect the salaries of the employees because the income of the Councils is too low.
“No announcement should be issued that cancels the part passed by the Legislative Assembly especially the Act passed by the Governor,” said the Minister of Social Welfare.
The following are the parts of the Prime Minister's Poverty Welfare Package: III. Under the Prime Minister's Poverty Welfare Yojana,.
He said that the duty of the District Council is to preserve the customs and traditions and the land and this is the speech of all the candidates when they go to the people during the elections.
729 forms have been submitted by local entrepreneurs in relation to B2B. A total of 3015 requests have been received for cooperation from other countries in relation to B2B and therefore it is planned to set up an International. SME Gateway.
Modern specifications and future preparations: In order to keep pace with changes in technology and services, this bill introduces modern specifications for areas relating to broadcasting and introduces also preparations for emerging broadcasting technologies.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, while addressing a public meeting held at the Umkor Football Ground, Urksew Pynursla Stadium, where more than 10,000 people flocked to watch the football match. It has been announced that the road from Shillong to Dawki will be the best road as it will enter Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister of the State Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, has paved the way for not only the statue to be erected, but also the sample of the Stamp and the old Map of Hima Nongkhlaw. David R Syiemlieh, the paintings of the freedom fighter written by Bah Raphael Warjri and other valuable items of the Khasi people to be displayed at the exhibition. In Bangladesh.
He said the 18th Lok Sabha starts today to achieve the goal of building a prosperous India by
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia A Lyngwa, on Tuesday said that a marriage within 14 years cannot be accepted.
Speaking to reporters, the former Chief Minister, who is also the one who introduced the MHIS for the people, said that the government has not been able to implement the scheme.
The results will be announced immediately after the results of each group regarding the two types of policemen whom the state government wants to appoint, the Arms Branch and the Arms Branch. Those who do not have a job are known as the Um Arms Branch.
“The police department cannot identify these arrested persons because of the case and the investigation against them is ongoing as they will be tried soon,” said Wandonbok.
On the other hand, the EM said that to bring about cleanliness is not difficult, there is only a need to have the understanding to know and to do cleanliness, if we work together there is no problem to bring about cleanliness. The people should cleanse the marketplace as they cleanse their homes.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Timothy D Shira, MLA of Resubelpara, who is also the Deputy Speaker of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that as the MLA of Resubelpara, he has already written to the government to repair the road in Resublepara.
MS Rao, Principal Secretary, Labor Department, Government of Meghalaya today inaugurated a training on the laws relating to contractors.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) in collaboration with the Meghalaya International Exporters Chamber (HFU) is hopeful that there will be an increase in the export of agricultural products through the Tamabil (Dawki) border post to Bangladesh. of Commerce (MIECC).
He also stressed that although everyone wants to succeed in life, they should remember that the path to success lies in building character.
“Give me the opportunity to show my duty as an MP,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The Chief Minister was informed that the Sixth Schedule is not the demand of the Federation of Khasi States because it is known that the Sixth Schedule does not protect the customs and traditions of the country. Furthermore, the Chief Minister was informed that since the promulgation of the Sixth Schedule and the Constitution of India on 26th January 1950, the children of the Hima Khasi States have met with them. The first tear gas and lathi charge took place on 27 June 1952, and this protest has continued for 69 years because of the violation of the Instrument of Accession. and Annexed Agreement dated 17 August 1948.
Police have recovered an AK-56, an AK-Riffle magazine, 19 unused 7.62 mm rounds of ammunition and a Bajaj Platina. Police have registered a complaint at Tura. Police Station.
“Our wish is only to speak for the welfare of women and society and we did not talk about becoming Rangbah Shnong because we women understand our power, our value. .
The purpose of this is that the money is available for use but does not enter the budget.
“This shows that the Congress leaders have no confidence in the party,” he said.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs of EJHD have decided that if the government does not listen to their demand, the Waheh Shnongs will no longer be able to cooperate with the District Administration. regarding the treatment of foreigners while they are under home quarantine.
During the meeting, the Governor spoke to the President on the development of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the land owners and chiefs not to allow any land to set up a BSF post in their area.
Member Joint Parliamentary Committee on the Welfare of Schedule Castes & Scheduled Tribes.
: The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Ministry of Finance, Government of India on Friday seized 1019.490 kilograms of Ganja and 2.437 kilograms of Heroin worth T.19.17 crore. under the NDPS Act,
These were brought to previously unreached areas.
The total number of recoveries today is 285, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 242 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from North Garo Hills, 21 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South Garo Hills, 2 from West Garo Hills. Hills 3, the total number of recoveries has risen to 3343 and the death toll has risen to
All these 2 types of questions should be mixed with all 4 subjects and the students should choose or answer only 12 questions from each of these questions.
Mawsynram, July 28: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Dorbar of Chiefs, Dolloi, Sirdarships and the Council of Nokmas, was held today. 2013, in the Hima Mawsynram, today decided to invite all the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima Dorbars, Sengbhalang, together with the children of thousands to attend the Special Dorbar Ri. The Fourth Special People's Parliament will be held on the 13th 2013 at Mairang, Nongkhlaw Hima.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah Niman N Sahdap, said that the party is against the decision to hold a public hearing at the DC office and only 100 people are allowed. you are listening to the people.
The public is requested to cooperate in this regard and inform the government authorities to arrest those who sell the most.
As of now, no incident has occurred and peace has begun to return.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The HITO of Jaintia Hills District today visited Phramer village to remove the sign written “Garampani” and written the name of Saphai village.
Niman N Shadap said that the release of the videos will start from the 1st of July
The Union demands that the authorities should not dismiss or dismiss the casual employees who have been appointed by the NEHU authorities before
Dr Jitendra Singh said that steps have been taken to cover the drivers of the department's vehicles with plastic bags in front of the workplaces.
Churches have decorated their churches with colorful lights and private individuals have carried stars and Christmas trees in their homes by decorating them. the lights are not colorful.
As a nation, we still have to be surprised, because if we don't protect ourselves through the ILP, NRC and others, the time will come when the BJP or any Thor party comes to power and they will attack again.
There is no law that says that women cannot participate in elections or contest whether they are MLAs, MDCs or MPs. that longkmie.
After a while, the District Administration officials arrived at the scene and after the discussion, the DC of East Khasi Hills District invited the leaders of KSU Laban to speak.
At present, the employees of EMRI 108 do not have any security in their jobs as they can be fired at any time and the problem is that they have reduced the number of employees in 43 posts. There are only 205 EMRIs in the state.
“I tell you, Honorable Muktiar, don't be stupid and you don't need to teach school, we know well what the Land Transfer Act works and where it doesn't work.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has warned the public not to stand near electricity poles or to go near electricity poles in case of floods. of the power line.
The colleges that will play on the starting day will be closed tomorrow.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns and is angry with this action of the government and the union strongly condemns the state government for completing the gate to check the entry and exit of foreigners into Meghalaya.
The inscription “One foreigner died and two others were killed on this day” was written on the picture while the body of a foreigner was ready to be cremated. A foreigner has died of illness.
Other sources said that the KHDA will nominate Bah Tenwell Dkhar for the post of Chairman and after the election, Telinia from the HSPDP will become the EM. Committee Executive.
It was also suggested that the village officials should be paid.
These public places shall be in places of worship, places of worship, and in any place where there is no public gathering. ,.
Shillong, November 07: SSA teachers in the state will start a mass march on the 12th of this month in Shillong from Nongthymmai Football Ground to Additional Secretariat Parking Lot from 11 am. to 2:30 p.m.
Death awaits in these parts of the world.
India has one of the highest number of cases of diabetes in the world with 60 million cases.
The use of dynamite has also been excessive.
He said he will leave for Delhi to talk to the Union Home Minister to set a date to meet with the civil society groups and BJP leaders. that they want to meet and it is the duty as a Union Minister to meet wherever they want to meet.
In fact, this money has already been withdrawn from the contingency fund which has been set aside for use at any time. money is to fix what has already been used.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, today said that he has sent his resignation letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the 5th of this month. He was appointed as an Executive Member before taking oath as a Minister in the State Government.
To achieve this, the search for talented youth in sports should be focused on.
After a heated discussion between the opposition and the ruling party, NPP MLA James K Sangma has refused to withdraw the adjournment motion following the request of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma after giving his reply.
At this meeting, the HPC decided to suspend all the work of the Legislative Assembly and resume the work until the report of the inspection committee is received. HPC will be planted.
Mobile phones are only allowed to be carried by the Inspectors, CEOs, DEOs, ROs, Local Inspectors and journalists who have obtained permission. prevent the misuse of the tool.
New Delhi, July 30: General Upendra Dwivedi, PVSM, AVSM, today took over as the Commander of the 30th Battalion. He retired from his post after serving for 40 years and retired today 30/July/2
Agriculture related activities including purchase of agricultural products through recognized mandis and direct, decentralized marketing, manufacture, supply and sale of fertilizers, pesticides and the seeds.
Regarding the mid-term elections in Ranikor, the government announcement will be on 30/7208, the deadline for filing nominations will be on 06/08/2 The deadline for withdrawal of applications will be on 09/08/2
We should open them up as much as possible," Prime Minister Duh said.
The Union will continue its two-day Gate Dharna in front of the NIOS office in Shillong on the ground floor of the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) in Laitumkhrah on Tuesday. 24th and 25th of this month from 11 am to 2 pm, said Bah HM Marbaniang General Secretary MSSASA Central Body.
They cannot forget that many Rangbah Shnongs and Sordar Shnongs have been arrested and imprisoned.
I didn't talk to anyone, I just came and went,” said the relatives of Phibankyntiew Sun.
He said that the government's delay in implementing these machines has put the drivers of vehicles carrying nurses from hospitals at great risk because even the PPEs and equipment they have used. For the sake of Covid-19, diesel will have to be purchased and burned.
Shillong, November 06: U Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday inaugurated the new Northeast Small Finance Bank at Mission Compound Shillong.
Kharkongor said that 644 polling stations have not yet been counted due to the lack of network. .
Speaking on the state of education in Garo Hills, the Chief Minister said that Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges in South Garo Hills according to the population of the village, the whole of South Garo Hills. In Garo Hills, there are only 2380 students in Higher Secondary Schools, 610 students in Colleges and 15,000 students.
He said that we should not forget our traditional clothes wherever we are.
It is to be recalled that this Mawlai By-Pass is the vision of the former Founder MLA who has been involved in the construction of this road to relieve the congestion of the GS Road. of Mawlai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The National Book Trust (NBT) in collaboration with the North Eastern Council (NEC) will conduct a training on publishing from The training will be held for the first time in Meghalaya.
Sangma said there has been a decision taken earlier to dismiss the cases.
“He is prominent, powerful, prominent in the country, and none of us have ever seen PA Sangma as the leader of the North East or as the leader of an ethnic group, their leader. Garo,” he said, adding that the passing away of PA Sangma has been a great loss not only to Meghalaya but to India as a whole.
At the same time, the union is pleased that the KHADC has now spent T.20 crore to repair this road which leads to these areas. They are still in talks with the government authorities to look after the development of the area.
Young women and children also get this disease because of their fondness for sweet foods.
All vehicles and visitors must abide by the rules.
Shillong, July 19: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya has expressed its deep concern over the state of peace and order in Garo Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Tbn H. Decruse, Chairman SCYO&C and speakers included Bah HM Syiem, General Secretary, SCYO&C, Bah M. Marbaniang, Secretary, Managing Committee and others.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,602 people have tested positive for COVID-19 so far, 94,927 have recovered and 1,621 have died. .
He said that the students who have passed from this university should not forget in the coming days.
Police have so far arrested nine persons accused of involvement in the food poisoning which happened in Themmawlong on 9/3/2
The reason for the deterioration of this road is due to the large number of coal trucks passing through this road.
All these men were members of the UALA who had smuggled weapons to the GNLA. According to the arrested UALA members, police raided the house of Bah Donbok Lyngdoh in three rupees in cash was seized from him and he was arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
However, in 2015, the Hima was handed over to the Jirang Hima to manage the village affairs in the Mawtyngur Hima.
The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang regarding the blockade of the road by the Karbi to the Khasi-Pnars living in the villages in the area. Block-I. According to the Chairman of the Forum, Bah Chandame Sungoh, the Karbi have blocked the road at Myn-i Umpawiang village, which falls under Khanduli area and Mukroh area leading to Mookoilum Tibin and Engraving.
Shillong, June 28: Bah Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai Constituency today inspected the roads and footpaths in the constituency in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of the area, Bah Jemino Mawthoh. Engineers, SDOs of PWD including Senior Engineer Bah T. Nengnong, Bah HT Well and others.
“It is surprising to see that the relocation of the C&RD Block from Khliehriat to Wapung has taken four years while the relocation of the block from Wapung to Lumshnong has taken only a short time. ha you shi reply".
Regarding the demand to remove the containment areas, it is not their responsibility to remove them but there are government authorities to look into this and if they are able to remove them, they will remove them. day has to be removed.
This understanding will release the employees of the Shillong Municipal, the media, who went to distribute the gas cylinders.
Vice Chancellor as usual according to the rules and regulations of NEHU. Chancellor Prof. PS Shukla had to convene a meeting of the Academic Council to get approval on the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP).
Modi spoke about the evils of inheritance of power in political activities and discrimination in appointments.
This was stated by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
She said that the government is concerned about the spread of tuberculosis in the state and the government is ready to work with the private hospitals to curb the spread of the disease. bampong in the state.
Pynehborlang Mylliemngap, who has won four medals for India and one gold medal at the Asian Confederation Kickboxing Championship 2017 in Turkmenistan.
Prime Minister Duh referred to the review of nursing positions in this year’s budget.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate DrM Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday filed her nomination papers to contest the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June this year.
The anger of the employees of EMRI is that while the talks are going on, they have dismissed 12 employees and in these days they have sent a letter to suspend their work.
They were taken to court today.
The theme for the 125th Anniversary is “Run for a Sustainable Future”.
After the speech of the Prime Minister, the cadets of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) will sing the National Anthem.
In a statement sent to media, HNLC General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw said, “When Champion Sangma, former DSP and some policemen fled the police station, In connection with the GNLA, we see that neither the Government nor the Police Department has summoned Police Officers.
If without the youth and without the proper education they deserve, where is the future of the Bapli and the state?,” said Bah Dkhar.
The agreement was signed by the Medical Superintendent in the presence of Director Prof Dr. DM Thappa and Deputy Director, NEIGRIHMS. and MHIS-III by the Director.
Shillong, July 17: It is interesting to know that the Central Government has recognized the North East of India as one of the best places to produce clothes especially their clothes. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Chief Minister.
Jowai, Lber 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has invited the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to attend a mass march on the 04th June 2014 which is the Khasi National Awakening Day. Christmas Country.
On the other hand, the Seng leaders expressed their gratitude to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh for the initiative taken by the I.T.I. “It is also a great blessing to the students of the area through this training school in the future,” said Bah D.Sun General Secretary WKSU Sengkmie.
In the middle of the world, the culture of the West (Westernization).
The public is urged to respect all those working in the health department.
The Minister of State for Sports, Zenith Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Wadanang Government Aided Secondary School in Tura with funding from the Asian Development Bank (ADB). ).
The Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society (TWES) Shillong said that as roads are the source of income, the group urges all the seven MLA candidates who are contesting this election. 26-Shella Constituency that if any of them wins, they should also look after the roads that have been paid too much in Tyrna Elaka.
These groups urged the Minister to take measures to restore peace and stability.
South Shillong Constituency has the lowest turnout of 58.36 per cent in the Lok Sabha elections held on Thursday from Shillong Seat.
Tens of thousands of educated youth have been forced to work abroad due to unemployment in the state,” he said.
GM (CFA & EB), Namrata Tiwari were the guests of honour.
Shillong Lajong, on the other hand, is confident of winning many more games in the coming days.
He said that many of the drugs against the disease are made in India.
From those arrested by the police, it was found that many of these thieves are drug addicts who go to steal from all over the country and sell the goods at a high price and the money they get is used. you don't have drugs.
To resolve this, the Rural Development Department has sent to the state government to invite applications through the District Selection Committees for the recruitment of full time employees in these nine blocks.
On this occasion, the students asked many questions to the members of the committee and when they did not get the right answer they went outside to tar the Bill and demanded that it should be implemented. ILP is not available in this state.
The UDP has also won only five seats, while the HSPDP has increased to four seats and the NCP has won two seats. eh is the victory of up to 13 individual candidates.
When contacted by SP News, many of the residents of the area said that this road has not been the same for decades and they don't know whether the PWD Mawphlang Division has sent to repair this road or not. which included many constituencies.
More will be published and may be mentioned later in future articles.
Referring to the works done by the KSU, he said that the KSU does not want to limit the number of people, but let the works speak louder about what the KSU has done to protect the KSU. nation and let the people judge what they have done.
Thereafter, the accused approached the High Court where the Bail No.48 of 2023 was taken and the same was dismissed on 28.09.2023 authorizing the accused to apply for further bail fresh.
During these two days, hundreds of young men and women came out to take part in this annual Shad Nongkrem.
However, after the meeting, there was a stir and some of them went to the Civil Hospital to protest. On this occasion, the government has ordered the police department to arrest those who commit disturbances at the meetings. different these days.
In many other places, community participation was witnessed where the parents and guardians came together to make fences for the kitchen garden.
There are more than 10 villages along this road and they are facing problems because this road has not been maintained for many years and the fare is too high from Marngar to Diwon-Umden. The residents want the PWD to repair this road.
Initially, Mawlai MLA Bah Brightstar Marbaniang was blocked by the police until a clash broke out with the police.
Shillong, Lber 24: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, will leave for Garo Hills to campaign for the party's candidates for the GHADC. The president of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, will personally visit these areas to campaign for the party candidates in the upcoming parliamentary elections. The NPP and Congress have nominated candidates for all 29 constituencies, while the BJP, NCP and UDP have nominated candidates for the GHADC Assembly elections. There are only a few MDC constituencies.
he was a faithful follower of the Lord Jesus and firmly believed that he was with his Father in heaven.
We must look at all the ways as we get rid of this disease and we must welcome tourists from other countries as well.
These incidents happen in the world when the problems cannot be resolved in time. We are clear that this problem should be resolved. In fact, such a news should come from the owners and relate to the work and at that time it can be written that it will be the truth. There may be many ways to talk within the party because I will go to Delhi tomorrow, this idea is still too early to think about such issues that may happen in the future. who went.
Bah RRBR Thabah, Director (NRM), Shillong in his speech said that this pond in Mawtongtin village will be an example to others how to produce water for the people of Mawtongtin. work and in shaping this there are many elements that are mixed together to be successful.
Shillong, July 13: The KSU Laban today sent a letter to Bah Sanbor Shullai to express its opposition to the renaming of the Zig-Zag Road in Kaban to Ardhendhu Choudhuri Road. without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong, Kenches Traces Oxford Rilbong.
Because of this lack of attention of the doctors, Kong Bindas said that she will go to other hospitals for treatment because she is not satisfied with the treatment at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
As the cause of the problem the company indicated was that they could not get the workers to get the job done.
To conclude the women's tournament, a cultural program on environment was followed by the flag raising ceremony by the Spiritual Director of the Union, Sohblei Edward Sten and the handover of the flag to the office bearers.
To invest in the film Rock on 2 in the name of promoting tourism in Meghalaya is just a waste of money.
Police have taken the vehicle to Nongpoh Police Station for further investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Bah Jonathan Shylla, MCS, EM, Sohra Civil Sub Division, today lodged a complaint with the Sohra Police Station. One truck number ML-05E-9760 was carrying coal.
They will also have the opportunity to showcase their talents by taking part in a short film competition as part of the 48 Hour Filmmaking Challenge.
However, the pursuit of wealth and the threat of attracting thousands of people to the farmers are some of the goals that many of the farmers and farmers who take part are interested in.
He said that the new laws relating to illegal activities are based on the principle of 'People first, dignity first and rights first' and instead of working with 'wood' the police now you must work with 'data'
It was double delight for Mawlai SC as they were able to defend their Shillong Premier League title by defeating Rangdajied United FC 1-0 in the final of SPL 2023 today.
The meeting with these himas was that the government intends to work with private companies in the management of the factory as the government can no longer afford to fund the MCCL. Mawlmuh and the factory fell under Sohra.
On the other hand, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District said that the arrest of the KSU members is a cover-up by the government.
How much more the names of villages, land, schools and others along the NH-6, which need to be named for the benefit of the people and also to beautify the road?" asked Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Indian Air Force has assisted the Sikkim government in rescuing people stranded due to road blockage in the northern parts of the country. of the Chateau.
On the other hand, HSPDP President Hoping Stone Lyngdoh has refused to join the MPF. “We will not join the opposition to lead the UDP,” he said.
The truck was parked near the Challam-Syngkon Petrol Pump which is part of the Shillong-Jowai road.
New Delhi, June 23: The Minister in charge of DoNER, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh on Tuesday said that the “ India's Act East policy is important for the entire South East Asian region.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Border Security Force (BSF) has conducted a Civic Action Program at Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is no illegal smuggling of coal. hold fast to this.
Meanwhile, in Shella, BSF seized 13 cows from a Tata Pick Up while it was trying to enter Bangladesh to smuggle cows.
Speaking to reporters at the State Central Library, Bah J.Kharbuli, Spokesperson of the KSU, FKJGP, HYC, HNYF and Malki Youth Association, said that support the voice of the people of Mawlai.
Therefore, the opposition parties had the opportunity to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court. After a while, the petition was rejected by one of the MDCs who had filed the petition; After the peace talks, the candidate for the post of CEM also withdrew her petition.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on the Two Lane Road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah, has requested all civil society organizations to accept the road and oppose the mining of uranium, said Bah Westlight. The priest of Sangrian owned the land.
The purpose of opening this shop is that the club should have its own income to support it, for this reason all the proceeds from the sale of mobile phones will go to the management. the club.
On this occasion, a lecture on leadership was delivered by Rev.H.H.Mohrmen who explained the main aspects of leadership whether in the youth, women's, village or church as well.
The AAP has announced four candidates, Debrict Binong from Nongpoh, Wonder Lapang from Umsning, Peter Aiborlang Dohkrud from Mawlai and Dorass Ramsiej from Mawkyrwat.
This has attracted thousands of football fans from Shillong.
The climb to Lum Sohpetbneng is like the heritage of the ancestors who still hold on to their own traditional religion, that once a year, mankind needs to cleanse its soul. , the rwiang, the book, the nusip, which is according to the part and law of God.
Surprisingly, no one was waiting for these items. When they saw this, they went to check and when they opened these boxes, they found that there were 820 mobile batteries from China. , 640 LCDs.
He has been appointed as an IRS Officer in the Department of Customs, Government of Meghalaya.
“We have the responsibility to provide the public with accurate information and we have found that it is only in this age of knowledge that through youtube channels and other programs that The KHADC has done it and the people have the right to know,” said Bah Pynïaid.
There will be a visual art exhibition on Krishna and Rukmini to be held by various institutions of the Ministry of Culture such as the Indira Gandhi National Center for the Arts and the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya. which will be the most attractive parts.
They said that only 30% of the money has been implemented properly for the benefit of the poor but 70% has been distributed among the VEC leaders. The union has also lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media after a meeting with Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) President Roy Kupar Synrem said, “ The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has a responsibility on how the State Government will implement the rules to set up gates to prevent people from coming from outside the State.
On the other hand, after finding the mynder without proper documents, the union has turned them away and sent them back to the place where they came from. KSU Mawlai Circle Asst Secretary Macdonald Jitem said in a statement.
The platform uses the images of mobile subscribers and the database of Telecom Subscriber Providers (TSPs) to detect mobile connections by providing fake documents.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District 1 in the country. .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has recently promised to build a police outpost in Barato village and this is a happy place in Meghalaya. of Assam.
The group expresses its satisfaction to see that as a nation we have the unity and cooperation on this issue to oppose the intention of the Government of India through the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill destroy the Hynniewtrep Nation.
New Delhi, Jymmang 09: The Vice President of India, on Tuesday said that the biggest challenge facing everyone today is the environment and the pollution from vehicles is a concern for everyone. He said this while opening the 10Auto Sumbit organized by the Federation of Automobile Dealers Association (FEA) in Delhi today.
Many of these patients have skin diseases and headaches.
Shillong, July 03; The All Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary School Teachers' Association (AMASSTA) has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issues faced by teachers in this year. state.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today inaugurated the first health center in Meghalaya, at Jongksah PHC. Health and Wellness Center under the Ayushman Bharat Yojana.
The gunmen shot dead a friend who was riding a bike and at this time there was a shooting and when the people saw this they left and when they saw the people the gunmen tried to shoot. fled.
They also handed over a carbine of a machine gun, 10 unused rounds of a 9mm pistol, three walkie talkies, two rifles and seven bullets.
Meanwhile, the Central Bureau of Communication under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, has also honored the teacher of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Madhav Singh who has received the National Teachers' Award this year. The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, was born in New Delhi recently.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Voice of the Bri-Hynniewtrep today met in Shillong to discuss the issues of the people of Raid Labang Nongphylut who have been harassed by the Raid Labang Nongphylut. people from the state of Assam.
The union will soon consider this issue and take strong action if the leaders and the Health Department do not immediately address this issue of the people of Mawsynram.
Because the Tenancy Act is a law that protects the tenant and not the landlord.
It was informed at the seminar that from 2021-22 to date, NE LSA has tested 2400 BTS from June 2021 to October 2022 and found that all BTSs comply with the DoT regulations on EMF radiation. .
Shillong, Lber 20: The Government has laid down rules on the burning of rynga to avoid the destruction of forests. Many forests in Bhoi and West Khasi Hills Districts have turned into deserts due to the burning of rynga.
Many of these youths said that they don't have anything to say that the central government wants to introduce the Agneepath Scheme, but the central government should understand that it should first complete the CEE examination. all over India are still waiting to write because they have completed the race and the physical examination.
The agreement shall not return the drugs that have been imported to the Manufacture Company without being replaced by others.
With this announcement, Violet Lyngdoh, the first MDC who won the election in 2014, has now made a name for herself within the JHADC as the first woman to sit on the seat. After the announcement of the victory of Violet for the post of Deputy Chairman without any opposition, the Deputy Chairperson was accompanied to the seat by the Speaker of the House. Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Election Department of the State Government and the Shillong Press Club today held a meeting on the EVM and VVPAT machines used in the polling. MP and MLA elections in India held at Shillong Club.
The High Court has sent it to the court of the Deputy Commissioner since 1994 and it remains in force to date.
Upon arrival in the United States, the police said that according to their laws, it will take two months to take the bodies of those from other countries of the world, but with the prayers of the people, Everything has gone smoothly, especially with the help of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
I would like to remind you that this is not a Government programme, but it is one of the festivals that we have collaborated with Rockski EMG. “When we receive a report that there is a shortage of shopkeepers, we will ensure that there will be no shortage of shopkeepers. festival)," added Mr. Paul.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that if there is any complaint from the public, the department will discuss with the department to provide the information on their websites for the purpose. public information.
Higher Secondary School, Resubelpara sent 19 students.
They also discussed the availability of vaccines, injections, special vaccination for different groups such as (Transgender, persons with disabilities, PWIs and prisoners), vaccination for women especially. States and UTs have been advised to check the availability of vaccines at the State Vaccine Stores and Cold Chain Points. to ensure the proper distribution of vaccines and to ensure that the supply of these vaccines is less than 2%, the update of information on the electronic vaccine intelligence network on a daily basis.
The purpose of this training is to prepare the youth to be ready to join the police force.
The celebration of Human Rights Day in Meghalaya is only a ritual, not a government meeting, or a writing, but a violation of human rights. TUR said that the right to protect the rights of every human being exists but the government authorities have violated it by illegally exploiting the poor and needy households in the state. Umsawli for the construction of the new city of Shillong, the deaths of people in the streets, the restriction of freedom of speech, the murder by thanksgiving.
The Spokesperson of the Hospital in a statement today said Dr Dr.Manuj Kr.
The JSU expresses its gratitude and appreciation to this man who has received this title which is the pride of the country and the nation as a whole.
Although the strike has been going on for five days, the government is still listening to the demands of the workers.
The Minister of Agriculture said that the Prime Minister has decided to have 3 crore Lakhpati Didi, of which there are now about 10 crore Lakhpati Didi and soon there will be more. 2 crore people.
The Secretary congratulated those who received these certificates and explained the main points of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules,
If all the MLAs want to work together and I support Dr Mukul, I welcome him”.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation is ongoing.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong trains about 6000 youth in four categories every year in computer related training.
Answering a question whether they will go to Garo Hills to hold such dance competitions, Bah Kit, president of the party, said that if any leaders invite them, they are ready to go.
Jowai Naitung 07: The Dorbar Shnongs should no longer expel or expel the villagers and the Dorbars should hold annual Dorbars every year. The KHADC and JHADC authorities should strengthen these customs and traditions.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has launched a campaign to curb the spread of rape cases in the state. The Human Rights Council demands that the State Government should enact a special Anti-Superstition Law to immediately eradicate the allegations of menaiksuid or menshohnoh by exploiters and misleaders. to the people only for personal gain.
The KSU has also met with the Principal of PGT College to release the form online from now on.
Shillong, Nailar 29: At a meeting convened by the SNSBH held at Umlyngka on 26th Nailar 2017, it was reported in the Mawphor newspaper that one of the speakers and leaders said that it is not a job. it is difficult to remove the MUDA border crossing to the wrong places.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC) has held a meeting on Tuesday, May 4, 2018 under the chairmanship of NBCC President John F Kharshiing. , Adviser, NBCC, Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, General Secretary, NBCC, and other elders and women of the 22-Nongkrem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
In Kalapani and Diara, the people have set fire to the residence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and called for a 12 hour road blockade. This is the lack of peace and order in Garo Hills.
At the same time, the Governor of Meghalaya has sent his condolences to the families of all the policemen who died in this tragic incident.
He said that Shillong was the center of Assam at that time and after independence Shillong became the capital of Meghalaya.
The body of the deceased was taken to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong for postmortem.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. They can lodge their complaints at the Complaint Box set up by the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply). Eastern West Khasi Hills District (SDPRO, Mairang).
There are 3167 polling stations in 1-Shillong, 2053 in Tura and 1114 in Tura.
He also explained about the GST in Meghalaya.
He was taken to Bethany Hospital and tested positive for COVID-19. He was sent to NEIGHRIHMS. While on his way to NEIGHRIHMS, he was found positive at 7.20 pm. He died in the ambulance.
Speaking to media, MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap said, “The former MDA government has already sought proposals from 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools to be upgraded to the Deficit System through the letter No.EDN/172/2006/69 dated 7th February/2019 and DSEL/EL/GB/Misc/16/2010/Pt.1/221 dated 18.03.2019 and today we have discussed this. same issue with the Minister of Education.
Commander Shangpliang invited all the members of the HFU and Farmers Parliament to attend the meeting on the 16th at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall at 11 am. and continuous.
I would like to say here that the celebration of the 100th birth anniversary of social justice leader Karpoori Thakur Ji ended yesterday.
The Chief Secretary has called a meeting on Monday to discuss the issue. The union respects the call and will wait for the outcome of the meeting. long on 18th November 2022 on Monday.
In this raid, in Mawiong, Nongkwar and Iewrynghep areas, the union found many mynder who were doing painting, tiling and other mystery works without proper documents. especially the Work Permit.
Periodically check the electrical system when new products are introduced.
After the advent of education, the way of life has changed, the way of thinking has changed. whether it is in office work, trade, residence and so on.
Furthermore, it is worth mentioning that this film has been released more and more because there has been a lot of discussion on the 9-Lad which was also discussed in the last budget session where Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA he brought the matter to 9-Lad.
Ed training of the 1st batch 2013 of all 11 Study Centers in East and West Jaintia Hills District as well as SSA teachers who have just registered for the online D.El.
Indeed, PMMY is a unique solution to everyday problems.
It is to be recalled that the fishing competition at Pamphyrnai West Khasi Hills on the 16th, November, 2023, has brought sad news, in which due to the traffic jam and not reaching the A woman gave birth inside a car and after a while the baby died.
He said that the meeting will also discuss the continuation of the kilo cut in Iewduh and the order of the CEM to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to call for talks with them. farmers and merchants.
AIM has tried to find out what is the most important factor in causing trouble to the students especially for their parents until it becomes a health center for children in various schools. by taking them as patients in such areas who have not received full explanation besides that the students do not have any disease inside their bodies.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, Nailur 05: On the occasion of Teachers' Day celebrated across the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced a new initiative, PM SHRI Schools.
Those who took part in the event were the office of the Deputy Commissioner, civil society organizations and the residents of the village.
Two mobile phones and two train tickets for the train number 13174 Kanchanjunga Express were seized from these persons. They were arrested and handed over to the police. The railway department has done what it needs to do.
That's why we are holding this rally as part of our protest against the robbers who dared to take the life of this schoolgirl. They have not yet arrested these robbers who committed crimes against the society.
Shillong, Lber 21: Answering a question by Bah PN Syiem regarding the road from Balat to Shella, the Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, said that the government has already sent The Detail Project Report (DPR) has been submitted to DoNER and is currently awaiting approval from the Central Government.
In the second semifinal, South West Khasi Hills beat North Garo Hills 25-21, 17-25, 23-25, 25-17, 17-1 In the women's category, the girls of South West Khasi Hills District beat East Khasi Hills 25-14, 20-25, 25-18, 25-1 .
To urge the State Government and District Councils as mentioned in the letters from the Ministry of Home Affairs to expedite the enactment of the Traditional Government Acts (Governance, Khadar and Bishar) from the Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Dorbar Raid and until the Hima Council.
On this day, the employees of the MTC have closed the ticket offices such as Rail, Bus Night Super and Airline tickets from 10:30 pm due to the strike announced by the employees of the corporation.
The owner of the house, Das, and his wife were injured while trying to remove the household items.
Replying to a supplementary question by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, the Minister said that the government wants to get land for the use of the people of the state, not only for any district but for any district. the state.
The Meghalaya Estimate Committee of the Government of Meghalaya has visited the construction site of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Sakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, MLACWE Chairperson Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the 5000 people living with HIV/AIDS are the highest in East Khasi Hills District. The meeting of the Committee was held today at MLA Hostel Shillong.
In his speech, Bah Seibor L Nonglait President of the party said, “We don't have any reason to oppose others, but we have a reason to defend our own nation.
Speaking to reporters at the end of the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that during the meeting, it was decided that the meeting will be held at Lapangap. Twenty states will abolish the police and deploy the CrPF police of the central government to avoid bias.
In this meeting, NESO Chairman Bah Samuel B Jyrwa demanded that proper training should be introduced in the field of employment for students. The Prime Minister of the country has promised to do so.
“He said that it is the fortune of us that we have received Bah Reading who has been able to run this newspaper even though he is an uneducated person but he has been able to In these years, there have been other newspapers that have appeared such as the newspaper Prota u Riewlum, Meirilum, and others but these have disappeared. Speaking at the meeting, Bah AL Hek said, “The 20th anniversary of the Mawphor is not only a newspaper but for all readers, at the same time the 45th anniversary of Mawphor is the vision of the nation to spread to the people, Mawphor stands on two foundations "“Publishers or editors should be responsible if there is any news that the author is wrong. “On this day, we also had the opportunity to read the history of Mawphor and the journey of Mawphor. Mawphor has undergone many changes in its 40 years of existence. It is also the first newspaper to have offset printing and The website, Mawphor has also provided assistance to the victims.
Beloved is a young man who has never given up on his political activities whether in Assam or Shillong.
: The MLA of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday urged the supporters of the party to remain vigilant and wait until the 19th of this month. which is polling day, to express opposition.
The ceremony was attended by the parents of these newly recruited soldiers, their family members and the army chiefs.
“On the 2nd October, 2023, a group of BSF personnel on duty shot dead a school student from Huroi village while he was on his way home.
In Meghalaya, the Central Government has allocated T.1807.59 lakh for the year 2013-2014. This amount is to be distributed to the people for the construction of toilets.
The National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP) took over the task in 2011 and has now sent its report to the state government. to accept or reject it.
He said that the taxpayers of the country have played a major role in the development of the country, adding that it is because of them that many people have been fed and have been transformed. the lives of poor people.
Regarding this, the DC, SP of Ri Bhoi District has already spoken to ensure that this work will go smoothly in collaboration with the cow farmers. except for the cows that are sick.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders entered the CEM's room and found several officials and former CEM of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai.
Under this scheme.
However, the Assam government has been listening to the orders of the Assam government, because not only do they have a relationship with the government, but the biggest problem is for Meghalaya.
Laboratory equipment and others for DGMs in States with up to 10% of the permitted mining projects in one year.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Congress spokesperson Bobbeets Sharma today announced that the Congress party will hold the 'Bharat Jodo Yatra' in which AICC leader Rahul Gandhi will start from Tamil Nadu and end in Jammu. and Kashmir and the journey will take 150 days.
Regarding the holding of elections in GHADC, Bah Ernest Mawrie said that he will meet the Governor to demand that the elections should be held in the GHADC. GHADC because the term of this House will expire on 15th March
Shillong, June 27: The 123rd Anniversary of the Visit of Swami Vivekananda to Shillong was held on 27th June 2024 at the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
When asked, the President of the Lympung ki Seng Kynthei said, “It is true that it is a tradition since ancient times that women cannot participate in the Dorbar but you have to look at it according to the time. to join together and to work together because they work when men and women work together for good.
He also spoke about the development of medical education and health care in the state due to these projects today.
On Twitter, the Minister of Forests, who is also the MLA of the area, said that the skei has reached the village without fear at Khloo Blai which is a sacred law.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Congress MLA Zenith Sangma has visited the flood affected areas in Garo Hills due to heavy rainfall and the affected villages. palate is the village of Sangharegre.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the summons of the police to the Vice President of the KHNAM, Bah Iengskhem Suting.
There are those who have retired only to withdraw their money but they don't get it.
After speaking on both sides, the Chairman of the House, Bah LG Nongsiej, asked Bah HS Shylla whether the NC will be rejected. the NC of the House.
Shillong, July 14: The CSWO strongly condemns the killing of ANVC (B) members by the Tura police.
“The increase in patent applications in India is a sign of the determination of the country's youth to innovate and this is a good sign for the future.
On the part of the factory, A Chakraborty, Deputy Manager, RiangdoVenersPvt Ltd.
The present government has been able to complete many development works which have been pending for many years. In the last four and a half years the government has struggled to deliver development works to the villagers.
She said that although the people have allowed her to become a member of Parliament , she has not taken action to follow up on these pending demands . She said that the duty of the MPs is not only to raise the demands in the House Parliament but they should also monitor the development projects that the state should receive.
The total number of cases has risen to 371. Out of the 14 districts, 207 cases have been recovered from East Khasi Hills District. In West Garo Hills, 86 cases have been reported and 87,6
Therefore, the CoHSO reminds the government to implement the ILP, NRC and other national security laws in the state as soon as possible.
The tournament will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The earthquake occurred at Sonapur tunnel on NH-6 under Lumshnong C&RD Block and at Rngain tunnel on Shillong-Dawki NH-4
“If we think carefully, it is accepted that this is a part of the struggle for the society against its own laws in India and the State as a whole and also against the lives of every human being. “If you look at the rights of citizens under the Constitution of India,” said the AIM. The RTE Act 2009, Human Rights Education with Children (RTE) Act 2009 and also witnessed that all these decisions taken by the Government have been mismanaged. The Supreme Court has decided to make a public announcement, said a statement sent by Banshai Marbaniang, AIM Chairman in Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has taken steps to fight against drug trafficking in the state and to ensure a brighter future for the future generations.
Other speakers at the meeting were Pastor D Rymbai, Prof RNK Hooroo, Pastor P Hynniewta, welcome speech by the Principal, EC Blah, who explained that at the beginning of the college. In 1996 there were 106 students and S.Sohkhlet was the first Principal.
Shillong, July 28: Meghalaya is one of the states in the North East with the highest incidence of measles in the country, but the incidence has now been reduced to 87%. these last three years.
But it is difficult to explain.
The important thing is that even though the great men are no longer alive, they leave behind their vision and this work of theirs continues, even though they died 25 years ago but it feels like it is still happening. Soon, this is the power of the great men who have the power to influence many people.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Ka Seng strongly opposes the state government's strange rules against the shops selling pork and beef, which are located along the shops in the upper Shillong area.
She also urged the children who will leave the state tomorrow to have a healthy body and to be hardworking so that they can bring glory to the state.
He said there was a time of violence and bloodshed in Manipur and reports of violence against women.
Shillong, November 04: The Meghalaya Liberation Association (MLA) today announced that it has decided to dissolve its association.
Shillong, March 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 79 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state. 23 cases have been confirmed and 761 cases have been reported.
The Father of Salvatorain of the Catholic Church was expelled on suspicion of being spies from Germany.
The president and secretary of the KSU includes Samla Ioanis Lapang, President and Secretary of Nartap Unit and 18 members, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, President and Samla Banker Warbah. , Secretary of Pahamsyiem Unit with 22 members, Samla Dening Khymdeit, President and Samla Easterwell Lyngdoh, Secretary and Samla Easterwell Lyngdoh, Secretary of Umjarasi Unit, and 20 Dkhars. of Mawroh Unit with 30 members.
The experts on this webinar were Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, Former Lecturer, MLCU, Shillong who spoke on the topic “The Unity of the Khasi Nation” and Prof. Desmond L.Kharmawphlang, Lecturer, University NEHU, Shillong spoke on the topic “The Uniqueness of the Khasi as a Nation: Folklore as a Heritage”.
Police are investigating to arrest others involved, according to a statement sent by Pankaj Kumar Rasgania, IPS Superintendent of Police (City) Shillong.
The Seng has taken this step after the residents of the village have complained about the network failure and the lack of service delivery by these two companies.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Indian Army has used helicopters to pour water into the forest in Nagaland following a fire which was difficult to extinguish by fire trucks.
The raid came after police arrested Pisto while he was sleeping in the area.
When asked, Sangma said the Education Recruitment Board will take care of the posts related to the education department.
At the same time, he announced that those Waheh Shnongs who have not yet received their sanat on this day because some of them do not have the necessary documents, and some of them fall within the limit. and other reasons.
If anyone violates all the rules, they should be punished according to the law, said the DC of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 31: ANTF Police of East Khai Hills District today arrested a man from Nongthymmai Bridge and seized 217.19 grams of heroin from him.
Nongpoh, July 23: The Block Coordinator of Ri Bhoi District today visited the two villages of Pdengnongrim and Lamkhon. within the Mawhati Constituency.
Prof. Antoinette Kharmalki, Head, Department of Khasi, NEHU, who conducted the workshop, said that language and culture go hand in hand to preserve the language.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: There are 550 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 75 cases in East Khasi Hills, 62 cases in Ri. Bhoi 1, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 6, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
Their arrest does not mean that they have violated the law, until they have been arrested but they have been arrested because they have demanded their rights because since 2005, they have already been on the list as seen in the media. It has been revealed that they have been arrested since that year until now.
With the opening of this bridge, it will help the people on the other side of the Rongre River where it will be easier for them to go to the health centers when they are sick. and this will increase the income of the people.
The Minister said the government will issue a directive that all shops will have to register with the government so that the cleanliness of the shops can be checked.
The NEST's statement came after the previous letter spread widely on social media and was criticized by groups opposed to uranium mining in the state.
In connection with this awarding ceremony, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, will also honor and award the Excellence Award, to any of the youngsters of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, who have achieved their goals. The Dkhar Kur in East Jaintia Hills District.
To date, Summersalt has released four songs from the album.
At this meeting, the government learned about the problems of Class XI students in terms of their admission to classes in the state, to ensure that all students should be admitted to classes. The government has allocated T.3.5 crore for the appointment of 102 teachers and 11 Laboratory Assistants.
Shillong, November 21: After the delay in opening the Mawlai Umjaiur Mawthohlew Water Supply Scheme since 2010, the Mawlai Umjaiur Mawthohlew Water Supply Scheme was inaugurated on Tuesday at a meeting of the It was held in Mawlai.
Shillong, July 10: The Meghalaya Power Department today signed a memorandum of understanding with ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd (OTPC) to explore the possibility of generating electricity from the rivers in the state. the state.
Corensius also requested the government and the members of the Legislative Assembly to discuss this issue again in the session of the Legislative Assembly in November, 2021 and hoped that these issues will be discussed. in the Legislative Assembly for the benefit of Upper Primary teachers.
He said that with the new school building, he hopes that the children will come to study at this school.
It is worth mentioning here that the Hima usually holds a market cleaning four times a year.
I Orison Field; Database-I Simran Khatun; Web I & DTP II Light Priest.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from the 53-Ampati Constituency will be held on Monday. and the rest shall go in the morning.
The award was received by K.Krishnam Raju, Director, GVK EMRI, on behalf of the company and on behalf of the employees who now have more than 25,000 employees in these 16 states to provide services. to the public.
The Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District, Bah T Lyngdoh, has expressed his gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District for convening this meeting to discuss the issue. .
Other government officials who attended the function included Hadrian Lyngdoh EM, PS Dkhar DC, East Khasi Hills District, Roshan Warjri, RV Lyngdoh. both of them are ministers of the state government.
In JHADC, 30 members are elected by election, four others have to be appointed and two of them should be women.
Aide et Action, an organization working for the development of society through education.
They visited Delhi to find out from the MHA where the VAB is currently located and what is the reason for the delay in implementing the VAB. which was for nothing.
For those who work at home because they cannot get to work due to the lockdown, the employers should support them to pay their wages.
The Sordar of Raid Thadrang, together with several elders who are members of the Raid, visited the Wah on 20th June, 2014, and During the inspection, it was found that the fish from large to small have died and have been abandoned along the banks of the river, including the Umtyrkhang and Umraliang rivers.
In Meghalaya, 93787 people have tested positive for COVID-19 so far and 1593 people have died.
The Mahotsavkan provides a platform for meetings between sellers and buyers which will lead to discussions in various fields.
There are many Hydro Projects in the state and the visit to Purulia is to implement the same in the state.
However, KHNAM still stands on the same ground that they cannot open the railway line in the state unless the mechanisms are introduced to protect our people from illegal immigration. that picture.
Adelbert said this while speaking at the campaign rally for Dr PBM Basaiawmoit, an independent candidate, at Jaiaw Pdeng, near Robert Hospital, this evening.
In their speeches, both the MLAs discussed how to develop tourism as one of the sources of income for the people.
Instead of allowing the residents to express their views on the RTI or the purpose of the Block, these officials have decided that the residents are against the RTI. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Samla Iamon Lapasam, President of the Unit.
“We are confident that the presence of Meghalaya House in Bangalore will benefit the students studying and working in Karnataka as well as the people who come for treatment,” said Samla Amos.
“We request the leaders and members of the Districts and Circles to come and take part in this day,” he said.
On September 11, 2023, troops from the BSF Meghalaya, in a joint operation with Meghalaya police, successfully rescued 67 cattle near the international border of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
This place is only 15 km from Jowai to Iongnoh village, this place is at Shyrmang village, this road ends at Iongnoh. Mawsten.
“The Reservation Policy is a disease that we as a nation have been carrying in our mouths for 50 years. “How many days we have been treated badly and when we are out of jobs, other ethnic groups don't get much while we get less,” he said.
BJP North East Incharge Avinash Koli, BJP State President Rikman Momin and General Secretary Everist Myrysing were present at the preparation of the programme. and the State Governor for the election of Euneescy Khyriem, the Governor of Tura for the election of Adamkid Sangma.
Shillong, March 16: The Congress party is trying to persuade three MDCs, Albinus Lyngdoh, Victor Ranee and Hedrian Lyngdoh, who have just joined the Congress, to return home. These three MDCs have decided to resign from the Congress party after the suspension of Bah PN Syiem as a member. The MPCC has accepted the letters of only two MDCs, Antonio War and Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The former CEM of KHADC also explained that the Council has not yet received the original equipment although about T.30 lakh has been allocated in this regard.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who has fulfilled his wish to bring honor to the village. all the time it is very difficult to hold any meetings.
Regarding the curfew in Shillong, the morning curfew has been canceled and there will be only the night curfew from 7.00 pm to 7.00 am.
Teachers and students of the university took part in the tournament.
On the other hand, the government led by him as promised will take the decision to do what is best for the people of the state in all aspects to achieve the aspirations of the people.
The owner of the school expressed the difficulties in running the school due to the high tuition fees and the high cost of paying salaries to the teachers.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong RM Kurbah said that the population has increased and the land has increased. this is an opportunity to encourage and encourage that it is very important to irrigate.
“It is said that in the past few months, UCIL has inspected Domiasiat in West Khasi Hills, which is the uranium hub in the state, in an attempt to mislead the people that they are not allowed to mine uranium. uranium for the development of the region.
Shillong, March 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the biggest challenge for the government is how to create jobs. to get jobs outside the government jobs.
Sreenidi opened the scoring in the 10th minute through Rosenberg Gabriel who scored the first goal in the 7th minute. Ronney Willson Kharbudon scored the third goal in the 24th minute with the help of Sangti Janai Shianglong.
Shillong, Nailar 27: A group of nine women's organizations today met to discuss how to fight against rape of women and children in Meghalaya. .
She said that this will be the first time that all the wells in India will be surveyed and Meghalaya has shown that 59,000 wells have been surveyed in the state. .
The party also expresses its gratitude that if we all get such a government officer who does his duty honestly without discrimination whether small or large for the benefit of the people of the country and the nation. sien the sun shall rise.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Governor of Meghalaya, Banrarilal Purohit today inducted as the Chief Supporter of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides (MBSG) and Chief Secretary Y. Tsering as President. , in the presence of Shri DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary to the Governor, KN Kumar, Vice President, MBSG and Commissioner and Secretary, Home Police, EP Kharbhih and other officers.
Aristotle said that the teachers will continue their strike until they get a reply from the Chief Minister regarding the problems faced by the teachers. it's bad salary.
This is the first time for the Seng to hold such a sports event at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
In a statement issued today, the Controller of Examinations of MBOSE said that this was done with the aim of protecting the students in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Foremost among them is the repeal of Articles 370 and 35A and the passage of the Triple Talaq Bill and the promotion of the rights of Muslim women, which has been accepted by all.
In Meghalaya, there are two media outlets, www.spnewsagency.com and ohmeghalaya.com.
Shullai said he had met with Bah Hek to discuss the matter today.
The meeting today appealed to the people to be vigilant and not to be misled by those who want to create trouble by a few people.
On the other hand, AMPSA strongly opposes this and we urge the relevant authorities of the State Government to listen to the complaints of the parents and urge them to take immediate action against such incidents. and if the State Government allows the School to fulfill this purpose.
To revive them, it is necessary to strengthen the village forests and the kingdom forests.
The purpose of this competition is to encourage the youth of the state to showcase their talent in poetry writing and at the same time to encourage them to write poetry.
He said the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center will strengthen the capacity of the group in terms of cyber security by monitoring the network.
The seized sugar was handed over to the Rongra Police Station for further investigation.
Myntri Rangbah Duh urged these newly appointed persons to remember their Kartavya Paths when they enter the offices.
Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) has affected the livelihood of farmers and agriculture in the country as a whole. They will lose their land without adequate payment and it will affect the livelihood of the farmers.
The park was constructed at a cost of T.26.44 lakh.
Regarding the construction of the Sanitary Complex, the total cost has reached T.12 lakh including the donation from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
The delay of the Minister of Sports and the MSOA to take action on this issue has brought shame especially to the Hynniewtrep people.
After the ban on logging by the Supreme Court of India in 1996, the burning of ryngka in the state has increased and continues to this day in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Warjri said the Government has worked hard for the youth to bring about development projects.
On the same day, a three-day exhibition was opened at the State Central Library in Shillong. The exhibition was supported by KVIC, DCIC and MKVIB. what has been done by the youth of this state.
On this occasion, the Seiñ Manbei has expressed its gratitude to the KSU Moodymmai Unit for being willing to look into the needs of the school. The Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong was also present to encourage the donation.
On this occasion, there were also many traditional dances and traditional dances from different parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia. from the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
On the part of Bah WL Nari, while giving an explanation to the farmers, he first of all congratulated the MLA for giving them the opportunity to come and explain to the farmers and also how to deliver development works. .
Like other PHCs in the State, with the cooperation of the public especially the staff here as well as the health authorities.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that NEIGRIHMS should increase the number of MBBS and Nursing seats for students from the state. Meghalaya will start from the current academic year.
Gabriel, who has been interested in singing since he was a child, has taken part in many competitions across the country such as Nalari Rympei, Religious Song Competition, Sur Sargam, He said that the sale of tickets is disappointing because only those who can sell are selected.
Meghdoot postcard for information in collaboration with the Department of Posts, mobile app ANUBHAV to open up access to those with disabilities in West Bengal.
Referring to the Social Sciences questions for 2024, the questions from Social Science I have not changed much or are very clever except for a few.
On this occasion, it was announced that the KHADC has allocated T.20 lakh for the completion of the Dorbar Hall and T.10 lakh has already been allocated. T.20 lakh was allocated.
On the other hand, after receiving complaints about the lack of maintenance of the tower from the residents of the area, the union has visited the tower and found that this could endanger the neighboring households.
Shillong, July 17: The KSU SWKH District has announced that on the 24th of this month they will hold a rally at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat to demand the abolition of the the search for a site for the establishment of a BSF base within the District.
Upon arrival at Congress Bhavan, Mukul immediately entered the karma of the MPCC president to meet with the MLAs and MDCs alone to listen to their views on what they have to say in front of the leader. Mukul Sangma's meeting will be held for two days today and tomorrow morning and after meeting with Congress leaders, he will leave for Delhi to discuss the issue. AICC President Sonia Gandhi and AICC Vice President Rahul Gandhi.
The message was sent by the Chief Minister, the Speaker of the House and the Leader of the Opposition.
The Seng also prohibits women who dress immodestly, wear immodest clothes and who do not know the manners and dignity which shows the value of women's dignity because this immodest dress leads to destruction.
Regarding the land request, the government will not give 50 acres as requested but the government will give only 5 acres. sit together and the construction will have to be spent on themselves and even the state police.
Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body, said, “The spelling mistake of GRIL on our villages and land has affected not only our feelings as owners. but this will also affect the future generations and also mislead the passengers through the NH-6
The HYC and the students have sent a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui to take action regarding the food fees of the children. read to release quickly.
The MLCU has organized this drama in public places to raise awareness among the public about the evils of trafficking in women. the state spirit.
The authorities in charge of Delhi University should understand that India is a country of many languages, not just one language. people who don't know how to speak a language they want.
The purpose of this training is to open the door for the youth especially how to join the army.
He also alleged that a person who has been two terms as MLA of Nongkrem does not know the laws and this will lead to misleading the people.
Of course, in Meghalaya there is no persecution of Christians because they are many, but the discrimination against Christians and other minorities in Assam and elsewhere should affect the spirit of identity of us living in Meghalaya.
The Indian delegation was led by Jitendra Kumar, Director General of Forests and Special Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India.
In the past years until July, the rainfall in the North East of India should have been high but now it is low.
Tens of thousands of people of the Diocese of Jowai have gathered to welcome the Father of the Diocese with joy. Rev Bishop Victor is the Bishop of Jowai Diocese. he is the second to take over this post since the establishment of this religious state.
The SDO of Mairang, Bah A Nongbri, said that the celebration of the 186th death anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima is more special because a report has to be sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Central Government of India has paid special tribute to the freedom fighters as the country is celebrating its 75th Independence Day.
French Ambassador to India Thierry Mathou on Thursday visited the Lawkyntang and the Heritage Village at Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills District.
The Government has decided that LP schools should not be more than 1 km from a UP school and the distance of one UP school from another should not be more than 3 km.
Regarding the vehicles coming from other states, the Cabinet has approved the decision of the Central Government that people when traveling from one place to another state do not have to register their vehicles but they shall receive the same number.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister promised the civil society organizations to have such security measures to prevent the smuggling of foreigners into the state to have entry and exit points whether in Garo Hills, Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, but now youths have had to flee and this is no different from Kashmir, said the HNLC. That loss will continue to come and will continue to worsen and this investigation will lead these youths to go to the HNLC to ask for help which they don't want the youths to join the HNLC. .
Mawnongim was appointed by Roshan Wajri Minister of Home Affairs.
The second phase of the competition will be launched in July.
Now the Government should implement the same stick against the HNLC as it did against the Sengbhalang in the ILP protest in 2013,” he said.
The second day of the ITM featured presentations by the North Eastern States on tourism opportunities along with dairy exhibitions, visits to beautiful places in and around Aizawl.
This letter was sent to Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister on 24th May 2013, including important letters – from the MHA, POL-GoM, and NHRC, in which it strongly requests the Government State, to take action to inform the Government of India on the need for a 'Special Council without Parties (or without political parties)' for the Village, Raid and Hima Rulers in Meghalaya , according to the terms of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed by the Government of India and the 25 Khasi States on 17th August and Jaintia, on the 7th, 8th and 9th of June, 2012, at New York. Delhi, where he met with Shri.V.Kishore Chandra Deo, Union Minister for Tribal Affairs, Government of India, Smt.
Attard, Rev. Peter Schiavon of Pynthorumkhrah Missionaries.
“In the course of the Church, we see the need to care for the spiritual life of the faithful in many parts of the Archdiocese.
According to the IOA & AA, the Syiems, Lyngdohs and Sirdars of the Khasi States should have been appointed as Governors of the Khasi States within Meghalaya.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 522 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries in East Khasi Hills with 164 recoveries so far. there are 45596 people.
The Inter School Athletic Meet was inaugurated by JJohn F Kharshiing , Working President of MSOA as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Finely L Pariat General Secretary MSOA as the chief guest Officers of all 12 Districts, School Children and others.
Tura, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma in his speech at the 15th Annual Nokmas Meeting held at Jengjal West Garo Hills District today urged the The Village Authorities should not sell their land to foreigners who take unpleasant measures to get land in Meghalaya.
Whoever fails to keep the firearm shall be punished under section 25 of the Act, IB(h) under sub-section (1) of Section 21 that the punishment shall be imprisonment shisnem lynter with you.
There were some young children who had released the statue into the river but it was recovered and taken to the bottom of the river.
He said that this initiative of Rupang is a great blessing to the poor and he promised that next year he will join hands in such an important initiative of Rupang newspaper.
On the part of the Chief Executive Members of Sohra District, Bah ER Sawian, Secretary, Union of Chief Executive Members of Sohra District, has submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, urging the Government not to remove the project, and also requested to provide clarification on the future of this project which is very important for the Sohra area.
Pangniang President of the HSPDP said that what the people are saying is that the land has belonged to Meghalaya, but they have confidence and humility in terms of development works. , such as roads, health such as Sub-Centre or PHC because it is too far to reach Jirang Police Outpost is also too far to maintain peace and order this is why it is necessary to have a Police Outpost .
Earlier, the annual report 2016-17 of NIFT Shillong was read out by the Director of the Institute, Col.
“We are GST registered shops and when we pay GST the money comes to the state government which can be used for development works, but these shops don't. but these people don't pay anything to the government but the sale is more than what we sell in the shop”.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Search Committee has been set up today and seven members have been selected to search for the people. and recommend to the government to appoint them as members of the Lokayukta.
" said Bah Ryngkhlem.
“If they hand over to the CBI, it is enough, but the investigation should be clean.
Shillong, Lber 30: Police have found a man lying at the gate of the Civil Hospital Shillong and took him to the hospital. He was taken to the hospital and found dead.
PM KISAN is a scheme that has not changed.
Therefore, the Pension & Pensioners' Welfare Department, after consultation with those involved in this matter, has sent directives through OM No.28/03/2024-P&PW (B)/Gratuity/9 on 30.05.2024, to increase the limit of old age.
As it is expected that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule will be implemented this year, the two District Councils have to expedite the amendment of the Sixth Schedule. The State also opposes and instead of the Village Council there should be a Village Development Council.
Similarly, the Mawsynram Civil Sub Division is a CRD Block which has been in existence since 1962 and includes 160 villages.
In another incident, BSF troops at Kalaicharpara of South West Garo Hills District on receiving a tip conducted a joint raid in Kalaicharpara and seized 380 grams of heroin. Yaba Tablets and these cost up to T.1.90 lakh.
In order to promote the participatory capacity of tax authorities and the openness of decision-making in policies for systematic reforms in tax matters, especially to Member States that still rising.
The training is not only for two-wheelers, but also for four-wheelers.
This is the statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Iooksi Unit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The UDP, KHNAM and HSPDP have accepted the call of the civil society groups demanding ILP at Madan Student today. The ILP is in Meghalaya.
New Delhi, Jan 04: The North East is India's gateway to South-East Asia and elsewhere, said Indian President Ram Nath Kovind.
Speaking at the meeting, Chairman of the MHRC Dr Justice Aftab Hussain Saikia as the chief guest, said that the purpose of the public hearing on human rights especially for students is to which is laid down in the Constitution of India.
He said that the government will continue to hold such festivals in the coming years in a closed manner.
If you are collecting taxes, why don't you give proper receipts?
Dr. Ampareen, who is also the Minister of State, was accompanied by thousands of supporters who marched from her residence in Laitumkhrah to pay tribute to the memorial of her father. PG Marbaniang, former MP of Shillong from 1989 to
If it is true, if it comes to the decision of the court, those involved should be punished and if it is not, those accused should be released from prosecution.
The JSU said that the price of petrol has increased from 72 tyngka to less than 91 tyngka which means that the price of petrol has increased suddenly to 18 tyngka within a few months after the closure of the dam. Without thinking about the problems of poverty and this has led to the increase in the price of vehicles and beverages.
On the other hand, the police said that the security of the state is very important and this cooperation between the police and the people will be the best to prevent the infiltration of people from bar ri sha in this state.
For the unity and sovereignty of the country, the protection of India and peace in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Bangladeshi coal buyers have been forced to stop and go to Indonesia due to the slowdown in the export of coal from Meghalaya to Bangladesh, according to Bangladeshi coal exporters.
The residents want to have this bridge because it is very important in terms of transportation to go to the market like Shella and Madon market.
The president of AMALPSA, Bah GH Marbaniang, said that their wish is that the government should accept them as government teachers because as of now they are doing the same job as teachers. and other teachers.
Shillong, Nailur 26: At present, Meghalaya has 6804 ASHAs across the state and they do not receive salary but receive assistance according to their work.
The online registration is to ensure the safety and security of children and the citizens of the state as a whole from the impact of COVID-1
He said, “In an era of evolving security challenges, the role of training to prepare our armed forces for the future is essential.
Lady Supervisor, Nongstoin ICDS, gave a speech on Physical Health & Mental Health.
The delegation from India, led by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, visited many places in the country and the Wallonia region of Belgium. It is to find ways and means how to cooperate with this country in the field of agriculture.
With the people who witnessed this day.
“I believe that Nalanda will become a center for the welfare of the world,” said Prime Minister Duh.
The SP said that police have conducted a thorough investigation and the post-mortem has not been conducted yet.
The NEHU students held a protest by marching to the office of the Vice Chancellor and in front of his office they held a sit-in and on this day all classes were suspended because the students take part in this protest.
On the other hand, the Director said that the employees who are pregnant mothers should explain that they need nutritious foods during pregnancy.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 42. The death toll has risen to 42. The death toll has risen to Abdul Hasin Jhalupara, 68, Depak Dutta, 75, of Circuit House Kench's Trace Shillong and Sudip Karmarkar, 41, of Laban.
The arrest of all those involved in the closure of MUDA shops was made on the first day of this month after the union announced the intention of the MUDA. it was a few days ago.
The party will continue to work hard to expel the illegal immigrants from the state.
Replying to a question by Balajied Ranne regarding the Town Committees, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that as of now, the Town Committee has not worked well. That the people are against the collection of taxes is the reason why the members of the Twon Committees are still temporary.
The Lama Dorbar Ri was inaugurated by Bah Shem Rynjah, General Secretary, Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association.
In the 2013 election, there were 2771 polling stations but for the MLA election 2018, 311 new polling stations have been created and the total number is
Samla Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi in his speech said that as members of the KSU they should be firm in their minds and firm in their foundation.
Nepalis are not indigenous and have no power to express anything.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah today met with the Chief Executive Member to clarify on the reports in the media that foreigners are allowed to trade in Iew Rynjah. “In the inspection of a Trading License by a Sengbhalang in Rynjah Market recently, it was found that there were letters signed by the Society of Refugee Rehabilitation Colony. since the year 2007-2
They have reached the point where they have to borrow money to meet their household needs.
The HYC also urges the Government not to intimidate the ASHA workers. The Government should not dismiss them if they do not stop the strike because if the Government makes a mistake in taking a decision and dismissing the ASHAs who are striking to demand “It is the right of the HYC to come forward and protest against the State Government,” said Bah Roy Kupar Synrem President of the HYC.
Many people know about the incident of an American schoolboy named Otto Warmbier.
: The Seng Mawlai Pyllun (SSMP) on Saturday honored the best students, Rangbah Shnongs, Sportsmen, PWD Engineers, journalists and others who live in the district. of Mawlai, at a meeting held at Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai.
The civil society groups have complained to the companies to stop the work but the question is who has authorized them to work which has caused the loss of road. human life in this earthquake.
It was founded by Bishop Stephen Ferrando in 1962, with the assistance of Rev. Mario Bianchi, his Secretary.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The diagnosis of illnesses or disabilities is a major source of frustration for parents due to the lack of facilities to help them and often also to be from the participation of any groups who come forward to explain or inform that there are ways and means to assist in this regard.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has ordered the immediate repair of the landslide at Wahumkhrah opposite Wahingdoh village.
Shillong, March 22: The Traffic Police today announced that no vehicles will be allowed to travel to Golflink on Saturday and Sunday due to the IIM Golf Tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have received a complaint from Khliehtyrshi, Moopyllaitsyiar where a 15-year-old girl has been raped by Bah Deibor Talang, 36, since
The Government has met with the leaders of KJP Synod, JACATAM and AMPSTA to discuss and think on this issue.
The District Social Welfare Office, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday held a celebration of Women's Day at the Durbar Chnong Chyrmang Nein, Chymang on the same theme. Lakiang, Member of the Child Welfare Committee, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest on the occasion.
He said the Government is determined to transform the North East into a hub of income growth and debt growth.
Shillong, July 11: Speaking at a rally against violence against women and children at the Additional Secretariat today, Bah Erwin K Syiem said that “the worst evil is silence”.
In his speech, Bah Lyngdoh said that the MLCU still has many challenges to move forward to achieve its goals. in terms of dignity and manners.
Shillong, July 27: The Assembly of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, (including the Assembly of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep Nations, the Dorbar of Dolloi and Sirdarships) is pleased to congratulate PN Syiem, CEM, KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Executive Member, I/C, KHADC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, Chairman, KHADC, and all the 30 MDCs, who were able to attend and participate. The Dorbar has approved four Bills (Mawdon, Nongspung, Nobosohphoh and Myrdon) and urges all the 30 MDCs to continue to take action to meet these important needs in relation to and the codification of the Customs and Traditions of the Hima/Elaka.
This has been the top issue in many of the MPs and Cabinet Ministers.
In the inspection led by the President of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, it was found that 252 foreign workers who were brought in by contractors to work at JN Complex, Shillong have not been employed. Work Permit.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (GLCDS) has lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima against three Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima who have been involved in political activities and violated Sections 20 (1) and (3) of the Mylliem Act. ) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Act
This is a precautionary measure in the event of a case of COVID-1
Soumitra Chatterji presented the paintings through a talk on the history of the Rilum regions across India on the theme 'A Glance at the Mountains' and the West- and the influence of the same on my artistic journey’.
He said that the reason why the hospital NEIGRIHMS has received many young men is because they are not involved in the management of NORCET and the HYC has demanded that this hospital should be closed. The Hospital shall comply with the rules and regulations like other Hospitals.
Besides the five candidates, there is another vote for NOTA, which is the ninth ballot in the EVM, if the people do not want to vote. One of these five candidates is from Shillong Seat.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today honored 17 Rangiakura who have come to take part in competitions in other countries of the world. such as Jeet Kune Do and Kickboxing which have also brought glory to the state.
What is more surprising is that even Bah Ebakordor Nongpluh has been arrested in connection with this incident.
According to the Administration of Nongstoin Syiemship Rules, 2006, Section
Kitborlang joined the army in 2010 and underwent training at Happy Valley. After completing special training he was sent to Madhya Pradesh, Rajeshthan and Jammu. and Kashmir where he gave his life for the sake of the Country.
It is learned that the Chief Minister has also agreed with the party's proposal, but he said that he still has to consult with the law department of the government and also the party. The Advocate General of the State shall not be subject to any conflict of laws.
From these two persons, the BSF seized 356 bottles of kyiad phareng and when they opened the containers, they found that it was phareng kyiad. I don't want to go to Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this is a detailed task that cannot be explained too much, the truth is that the government is struggling to resolve this issue and hopefully it can be resolved within 48 hours.
Regarding the monthly market in Bataw, the government authorities have decided to temporarily close down the rural markets like Bataw Market, Chiehruphi Market and others as part of the prevention of the spread of Coronavirus.
“We don't want to deprive people of their jobs, seven jobs should be earned in a way that the passengers should also be safe,” he said.
Shillong, November 05: The Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee (GSMC) Nikman Ch Marak, on Tuesday said that their arrival in Shillong today to hold a public meeting in the capital of the state, to express to the world that the Garo people have the right to get their own state of Garoland.
The ceremony lasted for three days and today is the last day of the ceremony at Wahumkrah in Polo for the places of worship in Shillong.
In particular, the union gives its full support to NEHUSU on this incident and is ready to come forward to fight against this issue.
Mawmaram, March 06: The residents of Mawmaram and Kyllangjasap today protested against the proposal to open a wine store in the area by Amyjone Mylliem Umlong, owner of Wine Store. this is the French liquor shop.
Shillong, Nailar 17: It is regrettable and strongly condemns the false post by Union Minister Dr Jitendra Singh on his fb page that 'SYIEM TIROT SING HAS BEEN KILLED BY THE BRITISH'
Marcus Marten, President of the NRAO&DA, said that the dismissal of the SP is unfounded.
Equipment has also been delivered for Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Shillong, July 21: UDP MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh today submitted a memorandum to the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee and the Home Minister of India, Sushilkumar Shinde, on the allegation that the There is a connection between the insurgents and politicians in Meghalaya.
At the same time, it was informed that preparations have been made to have CUET examination centers in the state and as of now there are 35197 students to write this examination and all of them have been prepared to take the CUET examination. students by conducting the examination three times a day.
This was done in accordance with the agreement between the two countries.
“Because the Government has done everything, it is time to take action to set up an Emergency Cell or Society,” said Bah Roypar.
The opening ceremony was also attended by CE PWD (R) Shillong Central Division Bah C. Kharmudai, EE Phrangky Dhar, SE PWD Building Bah Dawhoi Langstang.
Shillong, November 13: For the first time, the East Khasi Hills District Traffic Police have destroyed the Solansar which they have seized from those vehicles and two wheelers which have caused a lot of noise. It is against the law by sending a notice to the Roller at the Headquarters of the Reserved Police.
On the request of the Mawsynram MLA to change the name, the Minister of Home Affairs said in the House that this is the responsibility of the Central Government and the State Government will take action. crane this.
Shillong, March 18: Leaders of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) today met with the Minister of Power, Bah Comingone Ymbon. They informed the Minister of their problems and their strong protest.
but I have a spirit of patriotism and sympathy for my brothers and sisters who are here in Umsawli, Mawtari.
More than 3,000 thousand players will participate in 22 competitions.
Fulgida Dkhar of Nongstoin Social Service Society, Nongstoin Social Service Society, who is one of the beneficiaries of the PMEGP ban, was present at the event. The scheme for the year 2022-2
This training will also help to get into other jobs such as pharmacy, pharmacy, milk production, factories, sanitation, water factories, agriculture, fertilizer manufacturing and nanotechnology.
He said that after the meeting of the Chief Executive Members on the IOA & AA, the Government of India has written a letter to the State Government and the State Government has sent it to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). on 3rd August 2012 but to date the KHADC authorities have not responded to the State Government authorities on the letter of the Khasi Hima requesting for the inclusion of the IOA & AA in the Constitution of India. shall create a Schedule Khadlai specifically for the traditional authorities.
The HYC immediately demands that the head office should pay the money of the people who have failed to reach an agreement and do not know about the arrest of the former post master but Therefore, the union demands that the authorities of the office should do this immediately otherwise we will not be able to take other routes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Police of Mawlai Police Station today arrested Bah Donboklang Rymbai on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Rose Mary Mawlong from Sumer. camp you.
In the meeting, the union expressed its regret that the Assam police are quick to arrest three Khasi youths without any evidence. Nepalis arrested for allegedly involvement of DSP and two constables in the past months.
They demanded that the government should consider the students of Jaintia Hills who have passed the DSC since
This payment of T.90 tyngka is the highest among other payments to the state government.
In his speech, Father Sagi Stephan, Vice Principal of the college, said that this blood donation helps to save the souls of people in need.
A one day meeting on “Cooperation” was held at Asanang in West Garo Hills.
He said that the protest against the government on coal will start on the 17th of this month and the people should gather on that day to take part in the meeting convened by the office. of the Director of Mineral Resources will be held in Khliehriat.
While patrolling the border in Purdiwah area of ​​East Khasi Hills District, the BSF saw some people entering Bangladesh and chased and arrested them. good song.
The HNLC still has bases in Bangladesh to train new recruits.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has clarified that the Forum has no objection to the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival by the State Government. Holy and holy day for Christians and Churches.
This is the consensus of all political parties, not only one, there are political parties who feel useless, but as usual in democracy should be given so much space because it is this in a democracy the government cannot just order the citizens.
Ed) They have to fight to get into Nongstoin.
Others who were present on the occasion were Bah Kerlang Ksoo Advocate, Bah Cheriti Suja, Secretary, Lad Rymbai Dong B, and Elias Swer, Doloi of Rymbai Elaka as the Chief Guest.
Shillong, November 17: The Khasi people should be proud that there are many selected men who have served in the army since 1956 until today. soldiers to protect the country.
On this occasion, an explanation was given by the officers on how to cultivate this plant.
This blood donation is to help those who need blood urgently during their working hours.
He said the Government has taken steps for special training in sports for Divyang in different parts of the country including Shillong.
The seizure was attended by the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi, Inspector General Law and Order Mukesh Singh, Dy. Superintendent of Police, Additional Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills District.
Donbok Thabah, President of TULBA Upper Shillong Unit.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The march of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) from Nongstoin to Shillong has reached its second day today.
The Manager of the Book Line, Tiawari, said that the decline in literacy among the people has been declining even in the world as well, especially among these children, instead of reading now. People have increasingly browsed through the internet, especially in India where the central government is also struggling to move forward in the use of IT Technology in all aspects.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions.
“I believe that God has a purpose, He has a purpose for our country.
Martin M Danggo has filed his nomination papers as the NPP candidate for the mid-term MLA elections from 35-Ranikor constituency. Jackiush A Sangma, candidate of the Congress party, will contest the MLA election from 35-Ranikor constituency for the first time. Pynshngianlang Syiem is a former MLA and MDC from Mawsynram Constituency who has decided to contest from 35-Ranikor constituency this time.
Speaking to reporters, HANM Asst.Secretary Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun said that the party has lodged a complaint against Gopal Dey on the letter he sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K.K. Sangma on October 29, 2024 and said that the KSU cannot accept the accusation against the KSU over the killing. of two foreigners on October 27, 2024 at Ichamati.
Once again, the government urges the people to immediately reject the call of the rebel group which is against the community and the government has provided security with the relevant authorities. they shall do what is right.
“We will continue to monitor this work without rest so that the people of the area will get a good and complete road and we urge the government not to give trouble to the contractors who are building properly because but we want to get Shillong, Nailur 02: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War today said that all those who have tested positive for COVID-1 The death toll has risen to 13 in the state.
If the government has the will to implement, there is no problem but the Congress government is part of the fear of losing its vote bank. Khasi Hills and Garo Hills as leaders should put the people first in such a situation and if they don't take responsibility it will be overwhelmed by foreign rule like Tripura and if This is also happening in this state and these leaders should take responsibility.
To allege that a parked truck is an illegal coal truck is impossible to check whether the truck has the necessary documents. .
The residents of Sonapyrdi, Huroi Umkiang have lodged many complaints with the SP and DC, but they have not done anything and it has ended without any results, said the union.
For about 10 months now, there are several countries in contact with India in connection with the corona virus.
Those arrested include the Chairman of the party, the Commander-in-Chief, the General Secretary, the Area Commander of West Khasi Hills District, the Area Commander of Jaintia Hills and three others. Police have conducted raids on the premises of these NLCN members and seized mobile phones and other documents from their residences. The investigation into the search for other leaders is ongoing.
Bandari said that tomorrow morning the party will meet the Prime Minister to submit a petition to him to take action against the incident.
On this day, many of the players of the club received their signatures.
He shot only one hand with his right hand because of the injury to his right thigh.
On the other hand, Sirdar Nongjri, spoke on the meaning of honour, in which he said that anyone who works hard has an expectation and this does not mean only money or income generation, but such a thing. honor.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The MSME Export Promotion Council (MSE Promotion Council) Meghalaya today inaugurated its office. you are not in this state.
This year, the tournament has reached its fourth year.
Police of the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday evening seized a commercial taxi at IGP Point, Shillong at about 5:00 pm. .
According to the rules, the leaf is not allowed to contain a small amount of drugs as set by other Western countries known as the European Union. the permissible limits of chemicals in all foods and this should not exceed the limits.
It is on these grounds that the KHADC has used its powers as conferred on it in introducing this Bill, to get an understanding of the counting of kur among the Khasi people who take their jaid from their mother.
At present, the Meghalaya government is moving forward to implement the decision of the central government to have one ration card for one country and the POS machines have started to be implemented in the ration shops.
Referring to the equipment distributed to the people, he said that this is the goal of the BSF to help the people on the border with Bangladesh.
At this meeting, the people who came to listen to this explanation on the grounds that these civil society organizations demand the implementation of the ILP in the state are from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The farmers who sell their produce in this market have been affected a lot because the MDA government has not done anything in the last two years and this has put the farmers in this market in trouble. it is difficult to live.
The deterioration of this road has put the traffic of the people especially in these areas where it has deteriorated badly in great difficulty.
When police questioned the two girls, they admitted that they had a fight with the family members and left the house.
One of the issues raised by the KSU is that besides the violation of the application forms at PGT College, hundreds of people who want to enter this college have lost their opportunity to attend because they do not have the opportunity to apply. Please submit the application form.
Shillong, December 08: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that the 13th November 2017 will be a public holiday in the state. as the “Sib Singh King Day”.
Since the establishment of the FOCSS, it has been running without any rules of procedure. Therefore, the meeting decided not to have a rules of procedure. the sub committee shall review and draft the rules of procedure.
The Dawki Port is a hub for trade between India and Bangladesh, and facilitates the transportation of goods, people and vehicles from one side to the other of the border. these articles.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station under Section 22(c)/25/29 of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the drug trafficking.
The police said that this is the first police station built by the British in the area and the house is still standing and has become a bike park at the Sohra Police Station.
A few months ago, a meeting was held with the Rangbah Kur of Ri Bhoi for this purpose and it is expected that it will be completed soon especially as the Dorbar Pyllun is scheduled to be held in April
On the first day of the two-month teachers' strike, it has become clear that most of the schools in the state have just received adhoc and are in deficit.
She said that the main reasons for the spread of these diseases in urban areas are through drug injection and unprotected overcrowding.
In Ri Bhoi, Byrnihat area, people who claimed to be members of HANM have closed down banks that are open today. Nongkrem Day announced by the Government.
Besides this, there is also a need to preserve the environment for the development of the state.
As human beings we should be surprised because most of the other types of medicines on many parts of the human body have side infections inside the body, where we as human beings can not. fully tip this.
However, this issue has also been one of the issues in the last elections.
The names of the victims are still unknown, while the police have arrested only one of the injured.
The names of the winners of the election have been announced by the Office of the Election Commission. Sandy Sohtun, 4th student of the Department of Adult and Continuing Education, has been elected as the President. Rabon, a 2nd Semester student of Environmental Science, has been elected as the Vice President, Toniho S Kharsati of the Law Department has been elected as the General Secretary. Ymphaidien Sutong from the IT Department has been elected as the Finance Secretary.
“If these medicines are expired and if they are handed over to the PHCs and CHCs, they themselves have to burn them if they cannot be used anymore,” he said. time to use.
The latest news from the SP News Agency is that the government is now considering to make it compulsory for all those who apply for government jobs to be computer literate, especially in those jobs called by the MPS and The DSCs now have several kits and government, when they invite applications for vacancies in their offices they have set a requirement that those who apply must know computer, how to type and how to use you're on the computer.
Through this programme, the government is assisting patients through Ayurvedic treatment to treat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA) among indigenous women between the ages of 18 and 45 years in Mawpat and Mylliem Block of East Khasi Hills. district under the Ayurveda Yojana.
Every year, students, teachers and staff of NEHU have been organizing festivals and there have been no complaints.
The complaint was lodged with the PIC Khapmara, and after a few days, the suspect surrendered to the police and charged him under sections 307, 326 IPC. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Bah Thomas Passah, President of the Youth Wing of the Khun Hynniewtrep Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today said that at the all party meeting held on 19th June the implementation of the Roster system.
The Government will expedite the tender and once the tender is called, any contractor who receives the talk will have to start for the completion of this road. Traffic jam in Shillong.
Along with these weapons, police have arrested three persons in the vehicle.
When asked whether there will be an FIR, the DC said that the police will take the necessary action.
Although it has been reported in some media that the government has decided to hand over to a company to operate the 108 ambulances, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare today said that The most successful company will be able to operate the ambulances.
It was in 1978-79 that he decided to go to All India Radio, Shillong because he remembered the sounds of the duitara from Parad Haridon Lyngdoh Mawphlang in all the colors of Sohra.
The question should be asked what is the purpose of forming the RDA in 2017 to say that there is a need for the cooperation of the ethnic parties, and not to insult the leaders of these two parties.
“It is a pride for the nation, because we see that this tournament is an international tournament in which many athletes from other countries like Uzbekistan, Turkey, Iraq and others came to participate, and the youth of the state have to prepare themselves well, and as it turns out, out of 10, five have reaped the fruits of victory”.
The residents are advised to inform the nearest government authorities whether it is the BDOs or the nearest police if there is any incident in any of their villages.
Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, directly or by email () on or before 4:00 pm on 15th November,
The Chief Minister said he hopes that Meghalaya will get a place in the FIFA U-19 World Cup.
Her village is an unknown village with 230 households who still live in traditional farming.
On the other hand, Bah JS Nongsiej said that the expectation of a footpath will be of great benefit if it can be implemented.
This release can only be for those who have registered newly. It is not known whether the registration of farmers who are online is still ongoing and those who have registered newly have received assistance. .
Therefore, the rules of procedure of the Model Thup-adong Kyntokam will be continued as follows: During the meeting, some of the political parties supported the distribution of such guidelines, others They argue that it is their right and duty for their followers to propose and promise to the Dulir-juban-tyrwa in a democratic world.
Regarding the arrest of Bah Julius Dorphang, he said that the law will do what it needs to do. On the demand for the removal of the Minister of Home Affairs, the Prime Minister said that it cannot be done but when the time comes it will be known.
This happened near Tender Care School, Bishnupur, Shillong.
On this occasion, the food items were dropped at the ball ground in the village which has been cut off due to the collapse of the roads leading to the area due to the heavy rainfall which has been going on for many days in these days. .
After the agreement, the Central Government has directed the Survey of India to visit the Assam and Meghalaya Governments to see if the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya can be marked. Meghalaya.
Bah B Kurbah said that he has had a close relationship with MCCL from 1999 to 2000 and expressed his regret that the factory will be closed down and he agreed with the statement of the Chairman.
This step is in line with the NEP 2020's commitment to bringing India's indigenous knowledge into line with modern education systems.
Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, 93826 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 92233 have recovered and 1593 have died.
Shillong, July 15: MeECL employees under the banner of MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MPWU) will hold an indefinite strike from 18th June 2018 to protest against the forced labor. employees to sign illegal contracts and the silence of the MeECL authorities to meet the demands of the employees.
He said that there were people who claimed to be foreigners and said they wanted to come to India and promised to give them gifts as friends. Those friends were detained by customs at the airports and ordered to release these gifts without requesting a deposit.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has said that the Entry Exit Points, which have been discussed for nearly four years, have not reached their goal. Land Acquisition has not been completed as reported in the newspapers in the past few days.
This is in continuation of the recent advice of the ECI through its statement dated 02.04.2024 to the editors of newspapers to be vigilant when publishing political advertisements in the newspapers of they.
At the same time, the public has been advised that if there is any suspicion that people have contracted the disease, they should immediately take them to the health centers for testing.
In his speech, he commented that the culture of the indigenous peoples in any part of the world does not have a snapshot that shows something that is salonsar like a photography today.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The CSWO today announced that it will not take part in any mass protest in any field as there is a law against it.
Most of the volunteers are from Sohra area as well as from various government departments of the state government.
On the other hand, Ms Basaiawmoit said that if there is any work, they should speak in words but they don't listen.
Therefore, the residents urge the authorities to issue a clear announcement so that the residents will not be confused and can dismiss their activities especially the steps to improve the electricity supply. .
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said, “It has been found that there is a spread in the state of robbers who promise to pay money immediately. There is a link called Numgenious AI.
The current struggle of the Prime Minister of India is to achieve a clean country, to cleanse the country of terrorism, poverty and corruption and human rights violations.
The people of the country have the right to respect the Constitution for what has been achieved in the last 70 years.
During the rainy season, for months we (have to) walk beyond the knob.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The High Level Committee (HLC) of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) which held a meeting on Tuesday has set up a committee to protect land with the objective of protecting to the residents of the border area with Assam.
He said that the garbage dump has been started since 2007-08 and has been taken care of by the Urban Development Department but it has not been completed yet. all the buildings that have been preserved.
Latest reports close to the Congress party said that Umroi MLA Stanlywis Rymbai and Rajabala MLA Sayeedullah Nongrum may lose their tickets.
However, there are significant opportunities and opportunities to further improve health, education and economic achievements in the state.
“However, that will happen once the recruitment is completed in the Police Department, about 3000 volunteers will join the Police Department and 500 Volunteers in the Home Guard Department.
We can bring winners over here.
Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU said that the HFU will take responsibility to talk to the government on many of the issues of the farmers.
On the other hand, the Minister directed the government officials to train them in how to set up their own businesses and the government will look into the ways and means to help them. and directed the government officials to take them to see what has happened in other areas like Dawki and Mawlyngnong.
Sohra, November 21: As the days go by; Unemployment especially among the educated youth has increased, as at present there are many educated youth but unemployed.
The Director General of Assam Riffle said that he has seen the statement of the Governor of Meghalaya recently that the shooting was a shooting incident. He did not say much about the incident but said that this allegation is unthinkable.
An incident has happened at Purakhasia village in South West Garo Hills District. A man has lost his life. It is not known whether he is a civilian or an employee of the police. MeECL.In another incident, an employee of MeECL while climbing on an electricity post to turn on the light, was caught in the light. I have lost my life.
The JAC has requested the Government and the Agency to register the names of the state owners who are more skilled as employees in any job and that the purpose of this project will be to employ the owners first. the owner of the country.
“She said that she has only T.1200 to pay for the ambulance and she said that she doesn't know how to do anything because she doesn't have even 10 naïa in the plan to pay for the treatment. you are in the hospital.
In a meeting with the Prime Minister's Secretary today, they understood that they will take up their demand at another Cabinet meeting. The Prime Minister's Secretary said that at the Cabinet meeting, The teachers have not taken a decision on this demand but the Minister in charge of Education has not taken a decision. This will be discussed at another Cabinet meeting.
Dr Azad said that there are three Assembly Constituencies, four MDC Constituencies, three Colleges, 21 High Schools, 43 Secondary Schools and 110 Upper Schools. Primat Schools, 285 ki Lower Elementary School.
Supporting the new self-regulation of the media, Prasad said the IT Act has made it clear that any information from all these sources should not be used. negatively, it should not affect the peace and order in the country and should not affect property rights.
He also spoke out against the increase in violence against women in the state, saying that what surprised him was that this was done many times by his own family members.
You will not need to obtain your own e-permit for such purposes.
With the issuance of this new block, all these villages will no longer fall under the old block but will fall under the new block as per the government announcement.
Shillong, June 27: A total of 147 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 90 in East Khasi Hills. , North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 12, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 22, West Jaintia Hills 4, West Khasi Hills
““Even if we belong to different religions, religion should put God first.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Pnars who still hold the traditional religion has ended today with the launch of a book entitled “ book "Traditional Systems of Jaintia Community, Change and Continuity".
The KSU demands that the state government and KHADC should provide an explanation on the actions of AMD and UCIL which have caused this incident, if the state government and KHADC have not provided an explanation. authorities should arrest these people.
People with this disease are referred to additional health facilities.
In this era of unemployment, the Government should create ways and means to improve agriculture so that it can become a source of income for the farmers and employment opportunities for the youth and Shillong, Naitung 26: Police today arrested MCS officer Nongspung, Chairman of the Farmers' Department of the KSU. Shillong, Naitung 26: Police today arrested an MCS officer. The court has remanded the suspect in police custody for nine days for further investigation.
According to the records of the KHADC, B Basaiawmoit has made a name for herself in this office as she has become the first woman to reach the rank of Secretary Executive.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will hold a campaign titled 'Ka Rai Eh Daw' to explain to the public how to elect educated leaders.
The meeting was held at the NSCA Indoor Stadium by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the office of the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission.
In a statement sent by BAM President Junestar Kharbuli, he said that the purpose of the race is to celebrate World Environment Day.
Chisim Marak, one of the youths of the area who lives nearby, said that the government forest has been neglected since the discovery of coal in the area. The mining of it is a serious threat to the drinking water supply of the surrounding villages.
He said that the register is not for the government to provide land as before, but to provide land to them according to the permission of the village headmen.
Regarding the peace talks between the HNLC and the government, Prestone said that the process is ongoing and the state government and the central government have been working together. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is in charge of the Home Ministry, said that the government is still waiting for the decision of the HNLC to hold talks with the leaders of the state. in the eye.
She also praised the initiatives of the Ramakrishna Mission for organizing this competition and urged parents to take care of the health of their children, especially those under 5 years of age. .
The State Election Committee (SEC) today decided that the UDP will support the MP election for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency. For the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, the UDP will talk to the MDA government to seek its support for the UDP candidate in the MP election.
On the other hand, the KSU North Khasi Hills has written in a letter to demand that the government should resolve the border issue which has been standing for many years. The KSU wrote, “The government has given us guns to cross the border”.
The JHADC has already completed the reform of the District Councils and is now in the DC(A) department, while the KHADC will hold a special session on the 5th. The GHADC is currently preparing for the new division of MDC constituencies.
Planting tree trunks to grow is very important so that they can absorb a lot of the pollution in the atmosphere from the smoke from factories, cars, houses. households, forest fires and other factors that cause the increase in temperature and climate change which affect the growth of plants, animals, as well as human health, the droughts, volcanic eruptions, sea level rise, floods and other disasters.
A meeting was held between the Cabinet Secretary and the Chief Secretaries and DGPs of the States on the implementation of these directives released this morning.
Do not post or disseminate social media posts that insult those who oppose or posts that are inappropriate.
Security measures have been directed to be provided to protect political party workers and candidates, especially in states like Chhattisgarh and Jammu & Kashmir.
In his strong advice, the Lyngdoh called upon the mothers to establish and pray for a perfect family with love and for the transformation of the world with a perfect and strong life.
The festival lasts for three days, the first day is known as the day of noh kjat, followed by the second day and on the third day the festival ends.
“If the government has agreed to provide protection, it cannot deceive them and they should believe the government," he said.
The KSU also warns that the villagers should not allow these Bangladeshis to enter the village even though they are involved in the trade.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in reply to a question by Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the social agreement signed with the Assam government regarding the border demarcation with Assam. He said that they cannot change the soskular, what they can do is to arrange here and there if there is a need.
“I have always said that whatever the government does for the good of the country will also bring problems to the people, but this problem will be temporary, but it will give benefits in the days and years to come, because the backwardness of the villagers is due to corruption.
SHILLONG, JULY 31: The North Eastern Region of India has nine central government universities.
Many of them said that they had left the villages in the dark to reach this place as usual but today they had to sell their jhur at Rihno because they were not allowed to enter the Anjalee parking lot.
If you are too happy like the young men of this age, 'There is nothing wrong with being happy.
On this occasion, Mr. Stephanson Mukhim (MLA), Mr. Phyrnailang Swer, Mr. HH Mohrmen, Mr. M. Talang, Mr. Kennedy Shylla Adviser and Ma Michael Buam.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SDO of Amlarem said that there is no Panchayat in the Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
“In the meeting (with the Minister) we are disappointed that there has been no improvement because since the end of the operation of the old company (which operates EMRI-108) it has been 10 years despite the Government. “It has been only three months,” said MEMRIWU President Bah Roypar Kharraswai in an interview with media after the meeting.
The Minister said that the entire region has experienced rapid economic development under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh in the last 6 or 7 years and this is a sign of the feeling across the country. The country in the Eastern Region is now on the road to development.
The JSU said that according to the letter sent by the MoEF&CC to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board on 22nd June, there is a part of the letter that says that the Chief Minister has sent the letter twice. on 26/07/2020 and on 10/02/2
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The KSU Mawkhar Circle on Friday under the leadership of the President of the KSU Mawkhar Circle Samla Fredrick Myrthong in the presence of the Village Authority and Youth Organizations of Mawkhar Village.
Saleng said that it is not seen that there will be such an inspection of the drivers of commercial vehicles, the government should do this. yes, but this does not include commercial vehicles that carry public transportation.
The Linage Act passed by the KHADC is not a creation, but a writing that the people implement in the villages are not allowed to live clean, and this is based on the tip kur. tip kha, which means that the Khasi knows that the father gives birth to the children, the mother gives birth and after six months the child is born.
He said the CIB office is located in Shillong.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House congratulated all those who came to take part in this tournament to enjoy it and when they have time to visit the tourist attractions of the state.
Customs have seized and registered a case under Case No.Ol/UCL/NARC/HQRS dated
Meanwhile, the Minister of Water Resources and Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah Brolding Nongsiej in his speech said that the presence of the DTO office in Eastern West Khasi Hills District will provide convenience to the people of the area. dealing with vehicle affairs.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has lodged a complaint and reminded once again against the suspension of illegal cattle farming in Maxwelton Estate and Lower Lumparing.
At this meeting, the people shouted "To dam the Wah Umngot, we oppose" and all the speakers including Bah Shemphanghun Mukhim Secretary JAC, Naki Nongrep who spoke They are Bah Dranik Mukhim of Mynsang, Dwiat Lynshiang, Sordar of Mawsir and Saphina Suting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle and KSU South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday donated 100,000 kyats to the children of Nongtynniaw Village. and he did eat that day.
Prestone said he had met him 12 days ago at the office where he came to work and during the meeting he asked whether the Tika had been issued or not. He said that he would not give up but he found out about this tragic incident.
Those taking part in the bike race from Shillong to Guwahati include one officer, three junior officers and they will travel from Meghalaya to Assam and end at their office at Jhalukbari, Guwahati. PKH Singh, VSM, Addl DGBR will welcome them.
There are also families who don't have parents but don't get ration.
The meeting was chaired by Samla Badonkupar Nongbri President, KSU Mawprem Unit. Speeches were delivered by Samla Arristone Thabah (Vice President, KSU Mawprem Unit).
The SLEC meeting was held on the 6th of this month and after that the work will be resumed.
The government has launched many schemes to eliminate this gap between the rich and the poor.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that regarding the VAB through the District Council Affair, the government will write to the Governor and the Governor will write to the Governor. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has informed the Ministry of Home Affairs to return the VAB and will go to the KHADC to discuss what is missing and what should be added to get the recognition of the Village Administration Bills. it shall become a law prohibiting the Dorbar Shnongs from receiving the recognition of the law.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The indefinite strike by the Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) today reached its third day to demand the government to hold the Tura. as the capital of the state.
He said that the passing away of the MDC is a great loss to the family and especially to the constituency as a whole.
The people who attended the ceremony were from all religions, who came from all over the country to pay their last respects to the priest of the Catholic Church, inside the Sacred Theological College. .
Shillong, Naitung 05: While the Congress meeting was going on at Congress Bhavan in the presence of AICC General Secretary Dr CP Joshi, many of the delegates were looking at the meeting. The meeting was attended by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today celebrated the 77th Independence Day of India at his residence at Raj Bhavan Shillong, in the presence of the Chief Minister. Cornad Sangma and other government officials.
This pledge was made by the Defense State Office officials at a meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, SC Sadhu on Tuesday.
Both of them prepared their own sketch of the portrait of Tirot Sing Syiem, without consulting the sources of information.
Although he and Vanshaj lost in the fight, the judges decided to win Thapa.
There are 83 recoveries, 71 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills. to this day.
On the other hand, KHUDA is ready to accept any investigation if necessary to clarify and clarify what has been alleged.
In a meeting with the government this morning, Bah Adelbert promised in front of the people that even if he is alone, he will not surrender before the government.
It was suggested to hold a workshop with the Cooperative Federations to seek their views.
The State Government has proudly launched the book 'The Distaste of the Earth' by the award winning author Dr. Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih. at Meghalayan Age-The Store at Connaught Place, New Delhi.
On this occasion, the House also expressed its condolences to all the leaders of the country who have passed away in the past six months while the House has not been in session.
Every Department is the right of the Ministers concerned to deal with their departments.
The foundation stone was laid in the presence of Dr DD Lapang, Dr RC Laloo Minister of Education, Wansuk Syiem MP Rajya Sabha and other government officials and officials of the University.
“The Meghalaya government should take note of the KSA's claims on the border issue because they say they will change like what happened in Manipur.
Shillong, June 08: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the General Administration (A) Department has issued a notice that all banks and offices will be closed due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem in Weiking. that those responsible for financial matters shall be given a holiday on Monday.
"In the journey from 'third order' to 'first order' groups like ISRO have played a major role," Prime Minister Duh said referring to its activities and He said that they have launched the Make In India campaign this month.
We can only do this if the Government, those who organize tourist travel, and all stakeholders work together to ensure that tourism in this area will be remembered in international tourists.
Warjri said the two roads, one at Patagoan which costs T.14 crore and one at Mawding which costs T.13 crore, should run from Assam to Meghalaya.
The purpose of this is to streamline the work for the benefit of the public and the public can now do this from the Common Services Centers (CSCs), Kiosks, Internet Browsing Centers, from home. Please visit the District website.
The relevant authorities have promised to immediately resolve these incidents so that they will not happen again and the union will continue to follow up on this issue until it goes smoothly.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Aroha Music and Cultural Society on Saturday entertained the audience with Western classical music and at the same time there was also a poetry reading. was held at the Loreto Convent Auditorium.
At the same time, the MPHRC sends its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in this incident.
Regarding the arrest of four persons on charges of being party supporters, the HNLC denies that those arrested by the police are not party supporters. u Bah Sainkupar in a statement sent to the media.
This is what is needed to pave the way for entry, and ensure the continued participation of women in the economy and society.
Nassar said that as the party and the land owners will never go to hand over the land to the MMDC, but if the government makes a policy for the people so that they can buy them. They are ready to break the rules to mine coal according to the current scientific era, but this statement to hand over to the MMDC to mine coal is because the government wants to take away their land. Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Army will hold a race to recruit youth from all 11 districts of Meghalaya. It will be held in Guwahati from 11th to 13th July
At present, there are many ways to register land at the Rangbah Shnong, Sordar, Elaka, District Council and DC's offices. the part on how to do so that it does not affect the land tenure customs.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that until today, the traditional rule has not been recognized in the Constitution of India, as MPs have Parliament, MLAs have Assembly and MDCs. you don't have a district council.
Answering a question on the allocation of funds for development schemes, the Union Minister said that there are only a few schemes for which the state governments in the region have to spend 10%. Many of the schemes are funded by the Central Government and are funded by the Central Government especially the roads.
In this regard, the Group has collected money from the Members of the Group and has reached almost 2 lakh tyngka till today
This is the first government to take action on the border issue and the Assam government has said that it knows the disputed areas and if the members want to give them the border disputed areas. and Assam this government has taken action.
President RUPA, Ri Bhoi Zone, A Jyrwa, Secretary HYNF-NR and other dignitaries met with Bah JK Dorphang, MLA Mawhati constituency. by the Bank branch at Mawlasnai village to provide convenience to the people of the area.
During the search, BSF troops seized 20 muid smuggled to Bangladesh while the driver of the truck fled the scene taking advantage of the darkness of the night.
Police have arrested three persons in connection with the seizure of the drugs, two vehicles and three mobile phones. A complaint has been registered against them by the Meghalaya Police.
Martina Lytan, EAC, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, distributed the awards to those who excelled in the training.
Shillong, November 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District strongly condemns the thoughtless statement of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh Symbut, former Chief Minister on the Inner Line Permit as it appeared in the media in these days. they have not gone.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Dr Kharlukhi said that he will file his nomination papers on Friday 12/03/2020 to contest the MP election to the Rajya Sabha to be held on the 26th of this month.
The Forest Amendment Act, the proposed amendments to the Land Act, the Anti Conversion Law, the ban on cattle ownership throughout the country, the secular amendment, the forced Hindi speaking law, the empowerment of The federal structure and the refusal of the Union Government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the MMDR Act, the Forest Conservation Act and others are threatening to the state as a whole.
It will assist in harnessing the power of Information Technology for economic development in all aspects of the North East and understanding its benefits.
Commercial vehicles and private vehicles will travel within Shillong from 12/05/2020 to 16/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The HSPDP, which has worked with the Congress party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today resigned by sending a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem.
Prestone was also the CEM of KHADC and now holds the post of DC (A) as Home Minister in the government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
The celebration was organized by the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee and the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy College, Qualapaty in collaboration with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Even in Central Government jobs, Personal Interview has been abolished and other states have followed suit, but why does the Government of Meghalaya still conduct Personal Interview for these posts or grades? and shall be removed and the appointment shall be clean.
In his opening remarks, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar welcomed all those who attended the meeting and after welcoming speeches, he handed over the books to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board. , Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, to conduct the theme of the day.
"After his death, the Manchester Guardian newspaper wrote about his great contribution to the struggle and independence: "Patel was not only a leader of the struggle from for independence, he was the creator of the country after victory.
Seven Union Cabinet Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, M Venkaiah Naidu, Nitin Jairam Gadkari and Manohar Parrikar are members of the Inter-State Council.
The incidents in Langpih, the shooting of residents of Langpih, the attack by the Assam authorities on Madan Umwang, Block I Block II, or the clashes between the border residents in Garo Hills and many others. The problems in the border villages of Assam and Meghalaya have affected the peace and stability of the people of these areas for 44 years and this forum is to address these problems, and the party supports The AMPF has demanded that the police and district authorities should take action to release the 8 traders who have been kidnapped by the gangs.
The leadership of KAS to hold a peaceful protest in New Delhi is a new initiative which has never been done before and it is on this basis that the Ministers of the State Government have taken part in this protest. struggle.
BSF troops on 7/2/2023 saw some people crossing from Bangladesh to India and when the BSF troops caught them, they fled to Bangladesh by taking advantage of the darkness of the night. they dropped one pla.
“I will nominate myself to contest from the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and that depends on the willingness and consensus of the leaders.
Thus, the English language along with the original Khasi language, writing and literature.
The inspection was accompanied by the village leaders including Bah JS Nongsiej, Asst Rangbah Shnong, Bah S Diengdoh, Secretary and others.
Speaking to media after the opening of the meeting held at Pine Wood Hotel Shillong today, the Chief Minister said that the discussions were on four issues, electricity, Natural resources, tourism and health.
KSU Wahthapbru Unit and Seng Samla Shnong have handed over these foreigners to the law enforcement agencies for further investigation.
There is hope that the Congress candidate will be able to stand up for the people of Garo Hills.
The Chairman said that if the KHADC is deeply concerned about the government's inability to resolve the border issue, it should take the initiative to convene the two District Councils of JHADC and GHADC. to discuss how to talk to the government in this regard.
They should also be clean and bright.
This action of the DC also affects the right of the children to attend school and this action will increase the number of children who drop out of school.
KHNAM's proposal is to address unemployment among the youth by including the private sector in the State Reservation Policy.
“The Union on 11th July, 2024 has sent a letter to the Director (Corporate Affairs), MeECL to demand an explanation on the delay in the appointment and the Union has also found that the Corporation has not appointed anyone. The Chairman of the Employment Cell, Samla Reuben Najiar, said that the KSU has not appointed anyone for the Permanent Post since 2019 due to the lack of funds to pay the employees. urge the Minister of Electricity to start the recruitment for these posts as well as for other vacant posts.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo said that no incident has occurred in Umali village but police are still stationed at the scene. to guard.
The meeting was organized by the HYC Malki Circle.
Those who have returned from abroad due to the COVID-19 pandemic can also try to get jobs in the State,” he said.
There are many skilled institutions in the region including IIMs.” The Minister said that there are many opportunities for the youth in the region and urged everyone to ensure that the youth they get the right living conditions.
The certificates were issued by the Deputy Commissioner, Nongstoin and the Sub-Divisional Officer, Mairang.
Due to the situation in Israel, the Government has issued a directive appealing to all Indians in Israel to remain vigilant, and to take precautionary measures as directed by the authorities.
Kharjahrin said that during the meeting, the Governor has expressed that he is ready to approve the MRSS (Amendment) Bill, the Federal Ministry of Home Affairs gives approval.
He said that the Khasi leaves are the best among the medicines.
Shillong, Lber 27: The General Secretary and Spokesperson of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Saiñkupar Nongtraw today said that they have appointed Bah Sadon K Blah as the mediator in the peace talks with the party.
Referring to the 47-Rajabala Assembly Constituency, the party has decided to nominate Ashahel D Shira as the party's candidate and incumbent MDC of GHADC. Former MLA here.
Factories also need the products of farmers to produce many of the necessities of society.
Nongrum said that tourism will change the income of the people of the state, citing examples of Goa and Sikkim, he said that many people earn jobs. oh jam in hotels and other tourism related activities.
Central Government teams have also visited the affected states and UTs to explain the resolution methods and provide technical assistance.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Ka(MYF), in collaboration with this one day training, has provided a lot of assistance to the farmers. you're right.
People’s feelings play a role in this and these should form the basis of all consultations.
On the other hand, Saleng A Sangma said that MeECL has been paying for light even though some of them have not turned on the light. No one in Shillong has turned off the light but the light has gone up.
The president of the Farmer's Association has lodged a complaint against Hiren Nath, signed by Denilson D Sangma.
In a meeting with the officer, he promised to send the staff and the SDO to inspect together with the union to make arrangements and take the necessary action.
The Committee has directed the DMHO to re-appoint the ASHA within 24 hours and today they received a letter from the DMHO directing the Incharge of PHC Jirang to call Shangpliang said that police have arrested a man who raped a child from Jirang but the people who went to destroy the child The child's family and the people who went to threaten Asha are many and have not been arrested.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Mynsain village in Upper Lumparing has received a road which has been longed for for 30 years by the MLA of Mynsain village, Bah Sanbor Shullai. also a minister of the government.
The newspaper said that the victims are suspected to be drug dealers and drug users. Police have also found injection needles from the place where their bodies were found.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Meghalaya Police have arrested four car thieves, Mithu Sharma, Prakash Purkayastha, Guatum Tati and Sidharth Thapa.
In this battle, it was this group that first arrived in Dacca and this gave them the title of “The First in Dacca”.
He said that with the development of the film industry, the youth have been encouraged to take part in the film industry to showcase their talents.
It has also caused a lot of problems and delays especially in the education of the youth and school children of this village.
Police have registered a complaint under section 125(11)19 under section 21(b) of the NDPS Act
The launch of these flights is in line with the objectives of the UDAN scheme to strengthen the connectivity of aviation activities across the country, to provide affordable air travel opportunities and also to provide income for those who carry out these activities.
If you don't understand, please contact the office of the Federation of Khasi States.
Bah Gabriel Wahlang in his speech said that this action of the Assam police is a violence and he strongly condemns what they have done to the MDC elected by the people in Iongkhuli.
As a party which has a responsibility for its fellow citizens especially those who stand on the foundation to work for the welfare of the Jaidbynriew, the party expresses its deep sorrow over the loss of a short time. The Jaidbynriew to this rangbah who stood for the welfare of the indigenous people.
There is no clarity as to why they went there, but it is believed that those who went there wanted to resume the mining but that too is not clear.
Regarding the increase or decrease in the number of students who pass or fail, it cannot be said because it has been released, but at the same time it has been suggested to the government that the SSLC and HSLC examinations should not be held. in correcting examination papers.
The District Administration has also deployed police to patrol all the pandals to ensure that the ceremony will be held in a smooth manner especially in Shillong.
The AMTT has demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma should repeal the Meghalaya State Policy for Weighbridges, 2018 by implementing the ICPs to reduce the number of weighbridges. The government should have found new ways to solve this problem and not go back to the old days.
In the Sub-Divisions, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon will hoist the Flag in Sohra, Kennedy C Khyriem in Mairang, Clement Marak in Dadenggiri and Stephenson Mukhim in Amlarem.
Referring to the 20 lakh tests per day in the country, the Prime Minister said that special attention should be paid to improve the testing facilities in the affected districts.
This time the BJP has not received a single majority as it did in 2014 and 2019, this time too there is hope that the BJP will continue to lead the party. new government.
Furthermore, an independent committee comprising experts in venture funding, private equity, development banking and others takes investment decisions.
The sad thing today is that the friends who love the country don't come to this House today, just because they have lost their power, they ask for the Administrator rule only because there are ministers there. Whoever wants to go, of course there are those who lose and those who win but those who lose the ball should go and ask for the Administrator rule to do so.
In the meeting with the Secretary and Commissioner Secretary of the Health Department, they made it clear that this responsibility is in the hands of the Director. the Director of Health Services (MI), said Skhemborlang.
LPS.Rangblang Pombriew Govt.
On the other hand, the West will not only come on this day, but will continue to be with them from time to time. The demand of the people of Bri Hynniewtrep District has been raised in a statement by Phiradaker Marwein.
JadavPayeng is a man who has made a strong contribution to the construction of about 300 hectares of plantations in Majuli district of Assam.
The police said.
Therefore, the elaka together with the village authorities and tourism management groups have decided to close the tourist attractions in Darrang Shnongpdeng and Dawki for 10 days. villages within Darrang and Nongtalng districts.
It may be recalled that in April, unidentified persons had burnt down the owner of Meghalaya Machineries, Vikash Nandwal. He died at a hospital in Delhi.
At the same time, she has directed the District Administration to ensure that the food items reach Garo Hills so that the people will not face any problem.
“We are very grateful for the vigilance and hard work of the village to protect many but we are against the misuse of the powers entrusted to the village headmen,” said a statement from President Eddy Kery Pohtam. Secretary of Kerrydiam Lamin.
He said that as a party, they will sit together to discuss and they will see which issues are the most important and they will take a decision. to the meeting.
Mondal also expressed his satisfaction that this year despite many difficulties, the power outage has not worked which has also helped the students who are preparing for various examinations and also the students. Unlike last year when the water level has dropped significantly due to the lack of rainfall.
“We have fixed the same day for the filing of nomination papers in Shillong and Tura on October 25,” Pala told reporters after a meeting with Congress leaders from the 25th October. District and Block meeting was held at Congress Bhavan on Friday.
In the first category, Soma Biswas of Lady Keane Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Shraddha Thapa of Seven Set Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 545 marks.
He said more than 3,000 members had left the BJP and joined the NPP in Mawsynram on Tuesday.
IEC Van arrives in Zanaskar and Kargil in Ladakh The Vikasit Bharat SankalpYatra has arrived in Zanaskar and Kargil in Ladakh, and has carried the message of this campaign to the most difficult parts of the country. reach.
Furthermore, it was decided that the meeting of the Forest Committee of KHADC on 6th September 2019 will be announced to all.
If they want to politicize this issue by creating religious or ethnic differences, they should refrain from interfering with their work but they should settle their differences within their own States.
“We are still receiving the payment for the months of June, June, July and the remaining months of November, April and November have not been paid yet.
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 positive period, 93795 people have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in the state, 92199 people have recovered and 1593 people have died.
The decision was taken at a meeting between party leaders from Meghalaya and party leader Arvind Kajarewal at his residence in Tilok Lane, New Delhi in the presence of other political party leaders. earth.
They shall not speak to those who are sick.
" added the State MR.
The urgent needs of the school include toilets, basketball court, cleaning of the school grounds, computers, and it was also proposed to provide training in the field of education. subject convinced.
The meetings were smooth and hopeful.
The Atomic Energy Act 1962 has made it clear that in the case of uranium, the authority rests with the Central Government.
Furthermore, in the 29 Elaka Sirdarships, the KHADC authorities according to the website (Acts, Laws, Rules, Regulations) to date have drafted and enforced only 7 Acts of the Hima Sirdarships (British India). ) and not the Khasi States which have the status of Indian States.
It is currently under negotiation whether the employees and KHADC will pay half.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma demanded that the government should take action on this issue. money.
On the appointment, he said that the group wanted to meet with government officials to discuss the issue but they did not get the opportunity because they did not appoint anyone. office blockade.
He urged the government to assist the Chief Executive Members by providing registers to keep track of the people under their jurisdiction. .(SP News).
Bah H Deolangki Dkhar said that the EJMCM&OA cannot just look at the tens of thousands of people of East Jaintia Hills who have started to suffer greatly in the past few days. , the party will think and find ways and means how to fight for our rights for our livelihood.
At the same time, the government has arranged buses to transport government employees and the public during the curfew called by the civil society.
The KHADC has removed the Syiem of the Hima for failing to implement the orders of the KHADC in accordance with the orders contained in the Hima Act passed in
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Lawjynriew has sent a request to the Rangbah Dong to collect the names of the low income households so that the Shnong can provide assistance to them. by providing food and utensils to them or their households.
The members of the Election Committee are Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr Vincent H Pala MP, Dr James Lyngdoh, Dr DD Lapang, Deborah Ch Marak, Martin M Danggo, Prof RC Laloo, Kennedy Khyriem, Cherrak K Momin, Charles Pyngrope, RV Lyngdoh and Joplin Scott Shylla.
While he was studying, Mahatma Gandhi was also actively involved in the Quit India Movement.
On the night of 30/5/2022, when they lodged a complaint with the police, the police did not respond at the same time, but ordered them to come after 24 hours. they were not helpful in this regard.
When asked why the Hima has not been able to expel foreigners even after the District Council has ordered to expel them all, Minister Kharkongkor said the Hima does not sit still. However, the inspections are conducted from time to time and information and prohibitions are also given from time to time.
“It is surprising that before the ban on mining, there were few vehicles and now when it is allowed to carry only those that do not exist, there are still many vehicles on this road,” said Bah A Panksang General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Natives.
: U MLA of the North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Secretary of the Lok Ayukta on the allegation of corruption in the Sobhagya Scheme for the year
Shillong, March 25: Two Bangladeshis were arrested by Dawki Police Station in Bakur village.
“However, the members of the party can cast their vote for any candidate of their choice but not to engage in politics like standing on platforms and preaching. on behalf of any person or candidate or on behalf of any political party.
Albinus Lamurong joined the KSU in 2008 as the first President of Amlarem Unit, then as President of Amlarem Circle and in 2014 as Asst GS of KSU JHDU. In 2017, he served as the GS of KSU JHDU until he resigned and joined the PDF. you don't have to Seng.
Application forms can be collected from the office of the Organization located on the first floor of the residence of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA (President) at New Kench's Trace, Shillong from 7.00 pm. The deadline for receipt of application forms is on or before 10th August
Those in charge of the current EC are surprised that they are only members of the Congress but they cannot resolve the seat dispute.
In 1890, Emil Von Behring, a German physiologist, was able to produce a serum obtained from the rabbit that helped prevent diphtheria.
The BJP won 21 seats, the Indian National Congress 28 seats, the Naga People's Front four seats, the National People's Party four seats and the Lok Jan Shakti Party one seat. The All India Trinamool Congress won 1 seat and 1 Independent candidate.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, the suspect was arrested from Baghmara, South Garo Hills. 23.56 grams of heroin were seized from two soap boxes from his residence in Nongrim Hills.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 50, 25 from East Khasi Hills, 16 from West Garo Hills, 4 from South West Garo Hills, 4 from West Jaintia Hills and 3 from Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The KSU North Khasi Hills Unit has strongly condemned the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District for failing to provide security to the people in Madan Umwang and border villages. and the state of Assam.
“If these other nations want to invade, let them invade their own land.
Why do they have to leave school part-time and where do these children go and what do they do? I believe that one of the reasons is the high tuition fees.
These UDP MLAs had a meeting at the room of Dr Donkupar Roy before they went to vote and the meeting was not known as the discussion was private.
The CMRG was launched at a meeting held at the Secretariat in the presence of the Minister of Arts & Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and officials of the State Government.
Regarding the payment of the remaining medical bills from 1999 to 2020, the university will look into the existing rules, said Prof PS Shukla, Vice Chancellor of NEHU.
The incident happened on Sunday night.
The protest was called by the union on the demand that the government should immediately remove the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District as they have already submitted a petition to the Meghalaya government.
Other sources obtained by SP News Agency said that the ban on the trade of Mawshun and Mawreng to Bangladesh on 22nd July is due to the fact that the Forest Department has not done enough in the past. The royalty has not been paid, which shows that the government has lost money.
He said that Meghalaya is a state rich in herbal medicines.
 If your house is unsafe, evacuate early before the cyclone&#39;s onset.
He said that no matter what happens, the District Councils of the North Eastern Region of India are still looking to the KHADC as an example leader.
