He said that the main goal of the government is education and to provide education to the children is very important. He also encouraged other leaders to follow his example, whether they are government officials or people who have nothing for the safety of the students.
During the meeting, they explained many of the projects that Canada wants to do in the field of hydro, solar, nuclear and uranium.
It does not take even two months for the government or the committee to announce these entry and exit points of the mynder if it wants to implement the anti-mynder law as soon as possible.
“In connection with the increasing crime in Jaintia Hills, especially the robbery of women and children and the taking of their innocent lives by some bloodthirsty robbers, the union congratulates the police. of Jaintia Hills for their hard work to track down and arrest all those suspected of being involved in such crimes,” said Bah Dkhar.
Referring to the contributions of all the members of the Legislative Assembly, Modi thanked them all especially the Speaker.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators. Police are investigating to find out what kind of bomb was detonated at the scene. and this is the evil work.
The CEO elaborated on the role of the media in ensuring this.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to 1417 so far.
The meeting also discussed the upcoming budget session.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister stressed that many of the resources provided by nature are nearby, what remains is how to convert them into a marketable manner.
In this process, UNDP has worked with us to improve decision-making by providing accurate information, especially through the North East Region District SDG Index,” he said.
At all the pandals, there were inspectors to ensure that there would be no disturbance in the entry and exit of the pandals and the police were also present to ensure that there would be a smooth running.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Bah Foler Doloi, one of the residents of Warmawsaw, on Tuesday said that tens of thousands of Saiddho insects have arrived in the Warmawsaw area and have destroyed the crops such as rice and sugarcane. u sla smile.
On the other hand, the vendors said that they went to look for the shallan at the place where they used to take it.
Shillong, March 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today sent his condolences to the family of Clement Marak MLA of 48-Selsella Constituency who passed away. today.
We will see what we can do,” Sangma said.
Shillong, July 22: The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) has expressed its deep regret over the delay of the MDA Government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma in announcing the promotion of Sohra Civil Sub-Division is not included in the District.
Ms Saioo has started to encourage other farmers from neighboring villages like Madankynsaw, Mynktung, Rting, Pyntei and Laskein to switch to the cultivation of Lakadong shynrai.
In fact, it is the responsibility of the governments of the two states to look after the border. In recent days, there have been talks between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya.
All the Deputy Commissioners of all the districts have been directed to go to all the schools to register the youth who have not yet registered and the same will be done in the villages for those who work in their own schools. of their works their works.
The Prime Minister spoke on the emerging opportunities for employment and self-employment in terms of income generation.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The meeting between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma will be held tomorrow morning at Koinadora, Government House in Khanapara, Guwahati. The two Chief Ministers of the state have decided to start the border talks in the second state in the four areas that remain to be discussed. The Government of Meghalaya in 2011 has submitted a letter to the Government of Assam stating that there are 12 land plots in the area of ​​Langpih, Block-I and Block-II. Twenty-three were already settled in 2018, and they will now begin negotiations on the remaining six properties.
No one was locked inside the room known as the “Lock Up” as these rooms are currently under repair.
“An inquiry should be launched into the irresponsibility, insensitivity and confusion in the conduct of the CUET examination at NEHU on 15-05-2
Dr. Tuliram Ronghang, CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council, MP Horensing Bey, Rupsing Teron MLA and Avijit Kro, MAC member from the constituency, were appointed. , the foundation stone was laid on 12/11/2
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, should resign immediately and dismiss him immediately and prosecute all those who killed Bah Cheris and punish those who killed him. too.
The first is to improve the traffic by increasing the number of staff in the traffic department. The second is that the government has found that there are 18 places in Shillong which can be improved. The fourth is that there should be roads where vehicles can pass without entering Shillong and what is needed is the Shillong Western Bye pass.
Also present were John F.Kharshiing, Working President of Meghalaya Sports Olympic Association, Director of Sports & Youth Welfare, Isawanda Laloo, Jagdish Chelani, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills. , and Mr. Finely.
Shillong, Lber 01: The fourth crisis in the state has slowly spread from within the ground to destroy and destroy the society if the people do not surprise people soon today.
Such arguments are just tricks and ploys to convince, convince or mislead the people to try to get sympathy votes to gain support.
Regarding the correction of the examination papers of the students, those in Tura have been done in Tura and those in Shillong have been done in Shillong. face.
On this occasion, the people saw many kinds of sohphan from large to small, the sohphan shimon which is the largest sohphan which came to showcase on this occasion was bought by the Assam Riffle.
The Syiem and the ministers of the kingdom in these days went down by themselves to enter the crematoria where Syiem Tirot Singh had to train with his troops how to fight against them. to the guns of the French, for this battle was fought in the forests.
Last year, the “HarGharTiranga” program was a success with the participation of all.
Regarding the loss of the states in the implementation of this, the central government has to address and the fiscal year 2015-2016 will be the year to start taking the census at a total of 14 percent.
The team is scheduled to complete the inspection in October 2018, according to a statement sent by MeECL. Shillong, March 04: Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has said that the team will inspect the power plant. “Syiem Tirot Singh was a great freedom fighter against the British in the Khasi Hills,” said the Central Government.
In this regard, it was brought to the attention of all that in order to make health care affordable to all, the Central Government has taken measures including the opening of AMRIT pharmacy and Jan Aushadi Stores. in many hospitals/institutions under the Central Government in Delhi and outside Delhi.
the time limit is from 3 pm to 4 pm.
Others who took part in the meeting were Opposition Leader Charles Pyngrope, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Meralborn Syiem, Adelbert Nongrum and Azad Zaman.
There are 361 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 6 in East Jaintia Hills, 182 in East Khasi Hills, 9 in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 7 in North Garo Hills, 19 in Ri Bhoi and 19 in South Garo Hills. 6, South West Garo Hills 13, South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 88, West Jaintia Hills 15,, West Khasi Hills
“Many times we find that these rules apply only inside the city, because of the presence of traffic police around the area, while when we go further outside, the Traffic Police department can no longer put people, these rules they don't work, especially those who have two wheels.
To ensure that the party will win this seat, the BJP has decided to appoint Michael Kharsyntiew to work hard to unite the party supporters to win the 2023 elections.
This campaign will usher in a new era of CAPF's sympathy for the protection of the earth and the courageous response to climate change. a tree planted today will provide oxygen for future generations.
the meaning is one of the parts of any idea in the text.
The construction of the temple was constructed at a cost of T.15,85,290/- tyngka.
The first meeting of the committee was held today. The meeting also discussed how to promote women in education especially the low paid.
There are 47 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 32 from West Khasi Hills and 9 from West Khasi Hills. 81993 people.
At the same time, he alleged that the MLA of Jirang constituency has not taken action to deal with the incident of attack by the Assam authorities, which has shocked the people of the village that the leader has not come out. this is the case.
The silver medal winners were Wanraplang Khongsit (K1 Rules – 57 OJ), Thangoulian (K1 Rules – 67 OJ) and the bronze medal winners were Tosanhame N Marweiñ (Low Kick – 51 OJ). Low Kick – 48 SF) Ibankyntiew Iangrai ( Kick light  – 50 OC).
Rupalau traveled around the district to talk to Self Help Groups, farmer groups and village authorities.
Police have arrested four persons, Rajkumar Rai, 29, Jahidul Islam, 31, Hinilal Ray, 30 and Lakshan Kumar Singh. 43 years.
To resolve the issues related to sports in the state, the Minister in charge of Sports today convened a special meeting of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
He said that we have to take steps to free the North East from drugs and corruption and strengthen the monitoring of water related activities through NESAC. large enough to collect rainwater, we can attract tourists and also strengthen drinking water supply and water for agricultural purposes.
“As the talks are ongoing and if the Commissioner and Secretary of Transports can improve it is fine and if he cannot improve and if we get information that the talks are not going on we will turn north ( sha Majai) if anything happens, we will not worry about it,” said Bah Nonglait.
On this occasion, it was discussed how tourism can be one of the ways to increase income by preserving the environment and customs and traditions.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government on Friday welcomed the football team from the state who have won the title in the Under Football Tournament. 18-Boys beat Punjab 2-0 in the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 in Chennai.
She was shocked by her experience and from that time on she decided that when she returned home she would fight as much as she could to use the Khasi language in her work.
They appealed to all the people of West Khasi Hills District to give their right hand as they did on the 22nd and 23rd.
Ripanr Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District, said that the environment should be preserved. She said that the environment has given us the blessings of life and it is up to mankind to use it. She concluded her speech by quoting from the speech of the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, in which he said, “The world will provide for the needs of the people, but it cannot satisfy the desires of mankind.
Last year, the government on 02nd November, 2015 called for talks with the KDA and promised to implement the demands of the KDA for many years now, but these promises have not been fulfilled. The PWD Act, 1995 is not in force.
Finally, the management of the school said that if the government doesn't open its mouth to encourage the villagers to set up schools, the SSA is a mission with the aim of destroying the schools. There is no point in the study because if there are many promises without implementation, the time will come when the government officials will be very busy in closing down schools because the founders of the schools did not set up their own will. However, it is with the encouragement of the government and when they can't do anything else, they have to call on the government officials to come and close down the schools that they have closed down so that they can avoid being accused by the parents who have the rights. The desire to send their children to school to get an education.
It was proposed that Meghalaya should have three or two Schedules, one for Garo Hills District and one or two Schedules for Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts in order to express the aspirations of the people of Meghalaya. States in their own Schedules unlike now where all the 50 ADCs have to be included in one Sixth Schedule.
It was also announced that all meetings, Dorbars and Committees in the Village which have to gather publicly according to the directives of the State Government have been temporarily suspended.
Other dignitaries who spoke on the occasion included Shimbhalin Kharumnuid, one of the teachers of Church of God Secondary School Nongjrong, Chairman and Secretary of the Managing Committee, Bah J.Synjri from on behalf of the Managing Committee of Church of God Secondary School, Nongjrong and other dignitaries.
There were about 200 of them.
Regarding this issue, Dr Mukul said that the government does not lie when it has already sent the names of the ksiang. central government because the government wants peace.
He said one of the topics of discussion will be on the preparation of 10 demands to be taken before the government.
Although the government has punished her and those who agree with her with the neglect of children such as lack of maintenance of roads, lack of health facilities, educational facilities and so on, they are willing to live in the country. the afterlife to escape the famine and the pestilence.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: A team of citizens called “Team We Care” today distributed Shield Masks in Shillong. NEIGRIHMS and children's clothes at Children's Hospital Shillong.
After that, we have arranged to hold a meeting in Nongpoh tomorrow to invite the Police Department, the Mazdoor Union and the owners of petrol pumps.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Leaders of the Hill Farmer Union today inspected the market for illegal kilo cutting by the buyers.
Pala, as the incumbent MPCC President, said he will meet Dr Mukul Sangma and discuss whatever happens next with party leaders like Zenith M Sangma and others. He also spoke to SC Marak, party leader from Garo Hills.
The names of these two persons who will represent the government at CMJ University were released in a letter from the Ministry of Education. permission from the relevant authorities".
The dates will be fixed in the rule when the rule is amended, but the punishment will fall under the Indian Penal Code 1860 under Section
“It is wrong to say that there is no allocation for the expenditure on COVID-19 vaccination by the Central Government.
We are still waiting for the decision of the Sengkmie, and we as members of the Jaintia Hills District Unit are ready to carry out the struggle from now on, if it is in any way,” said the statement. President of KSU Ohibait Dkhar.
He said the government has identified those who deserve the benefits and then takes steps to deliver the benefits to them.
They have advised residents to report any suspicious investment platforms or similar scams to the nearest police station immediately.
Along with the rest of the country, the counting of votes for the two seats in the House of Assembly from Meghalaya will be held tomorrow at 8 pm.
On this occasion, the PDF has alleged that it is because of these three MDCs that the party has not been able to lead the Executive Committee in KHADC and has lost the post of Dy Chairman.
In his speech, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot Rangbah Shnong said that the purpose of these CCTV cameras is to bring peace and order to the residents.
Culture Worker for one or six years at Sherwood School.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A total of 284 youths from all over the North East have started returning to Meghalaya today.
The GSU raised this demand in 2010 during a meeting with President Andreas T Sangma.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Naimtre festival of the Pnar people known as Behdienkhlam has ended today amidst a festive atmosphere in which thousands of people have gathered around to witness the festival.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU also expressed his gratitude to the Union Minister for his support to the programs launched at the university.
We also have the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act and we also have to follow this Act and we cannot issue Trading License to foreign traders only from the KHADC without getting the NoC from the village. , Raid, and Hima.
The conference was also attended by Samir Saran, T20 Chair and President of the Observer Research Foundation, India, members of think tanks including Shombi Sharp, United Nations Resident Coordinator in India, and Federico Salas Lotfe. , Ambassador of Mexico to India.
Speaking on Digital India, the Prime Minister said some people think that this is just a government scheme.
The region has opportunities for animal-friendly tourism, weed farming and golfing, river tourism, religious tourism, deiiti and food products that change.
Jowai March 02: Ka Seng Derew I War, Jowai, Jowai, is one of the organizations in charge of the welfare of the people of War Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai. Stephanson Mukhim MLA who was the chief guest, Bah Phyrnailang Swer who was the Chief Guest, Dr M Talang, Rev HH Mohrmen, Advisers of Kennedy Shylla, Dapmon Syngkor, Michael Buam, Members of the Seng, Students from War and thousands of people from Jowai who came to witness the ceremony. The meeting was enriched with songs, dances and other entertainment.
Shillong, June 15: The Khasi Students' Union (NKHD) on 14th June 2022 met with the Deputy Commissioner Arpit Upadhyaya and the Superintendent of Police Ri Bhoi District on the arrest of three persons. Two Khasi Rangbah from Sabuda village on 10th June
Happy Birthday Hind!.
At this meeting, they also discussed the state of peace and order in the state and as the party strongly condemns the incidents that have happened in these days.
“I am very grateful that no one has been infected with Coronavirus in the state, and I congratulate all the people and government authorities who have worked hard to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in the state. ," said the Lamphang at a meeting held at Mairang in the presence of Sordar Shnongs and government offices.
According to the family members, Bah Kerlang Sohtun, son of Kong Medency Sohtun, was last seen at Last Stop, Laban.
The deceased were identified as Anil Mandal, 39, of Assam, Meniories Kongwang, 55, of Umsyiem, Jenny Marki Dkhar, 85, of Umpling, Desplin Marbaniang, 55, of Ladmawreng and Kleeon Thanah,
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem, has announced that the annual religious service inside the Iewduh will be held on Friday,
On the other hand, the DC said that the district authorities will take action to provide compensation to the families of the victims.
He will also lay the foundation stone of the Integrated Hospitality and Convention Center at Tura and the Shillong Technology Park Phase-II.
“The delegation was led by Bah Kenneth Shadap, Vice President.
Replying to the opposition, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit CEM of KHADC said that the allegation that the EC has acted with authority is wrong and said that they have not acted with authority in this regard. domain.
Regarding the peace and order in the state, the Governor said that the state has started to enjoy peace and order in which there have been no such incidents which have disrupted the peace and order. the cooperation of the State Police and the Armed Forces of the country.
In a letter written by Sengman R Marak to the President of the UDP, he said that this decision was taken at a meeting held on 22nd July at Tura. The UDP has committed to work for the development of the state and Garo Hills as a whole.
This house was built by this group through the generous donation of the members of this group and from individuals who have the spirit of helping their fellow human beings.
The CCEA also approved the Empowerment of Executive Committee to formulate the rules of the NBM and to amend them from time to time, including the rules on the prices of various programs from time to time according to the needs and recommendations of the states, with the approval of the Union Agriculture Minister and the farmers’ union.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Willander Lamare, 35, of Sawmer, has surrendered to the Madanryting Police Station in connection with the burning of a mother at the ARC shooting training camp. Lamare, a resident of Madanrting Block F, has been charged under sections 307 and 34 IPC. near the ARC shooting range and in the forest they burnt it down.
The union is shocked to know what is in the report because as of now, the incident which happened on the morning of 13 August 2021 is still in darkness not only for the union. but to the people of the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today distributed food items to the market vendors in Motphran. price.
To solve problems can only be done not like this.
He was accompanied by party supporters and family members.
The presence of this Police Outpost near the border with Assam will also bring peace of mind to the people on the border, he said. to meet the needs of the people.
He also appealed to the relevant authorities including the leaders to come forward and help the family of Kong Isila Khsiar who has suffered the loss of her home.
On the other hand, Bah Don Sumer MDC of this area expressed his sorrow over this incident and said that the loss is great for the shopkeepers.
Mishra urged all those involved in this field to understand that when they come up with any planning they should understand clearly for whom they are doing it, this is the question they have to ask themselves.
We come second in terms of producing qualified people in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries.
Speaking to media, Hek said that he has already sent a letter to 400 poor people in the constituency to provide financial assistance of T. The time and date of the closure of the dam has been announced by the government and these people have come today which has caused a crowd. in your house.
“By God, on the 26th July, 2024 we had a meeting with the members of the Council of Niambah Shillong, the Parish Priest of Upper Shillong and the Elders where we decided to The opening ceremony of the Parish Mawnianglah,” said Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
Therefore, as we move forward with the talks, there are some aspects, some from their side and some from our side and we are considering that," he said.
Shillong, June 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City strongly condemns the arrest of two people from Nongmynsong.
“MEeCL should take immediate action before there is any tragic incident in the village,” said Ricky Syntem.
So far, more than 14 traders have been abducted by the militants and four of them have lost their lives.
Dr War said that this information is based on a letter sent by the hospital to the government today.
The union demands that the Northeast Frontier Railway should not set up a railway booking counter in Jowai after the loss of the MTC office in Jowai.
If anyone is found without any reason, he will be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Regarding the Common University Entrance Test, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while meeting with the Union Education Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Monday, said that the Common University Entrance Test will be held in Shillong. that this examination is compulsory for all those colleges affiliated to the public high schools.
This will make it easier or help the students to make choices so that they can pass better.
The sick person may gain strength during this time.
The PLI scheme also helps the vehicle manufacturing industry,” he said, adding that such projects create job opportunities for the youth of the country.
In the men's category, Mr. Glamp Snap 2016 was won by George Shapdap, Reshem Poudel came second and Ethan Nongkhlaw came third.
New Delhi, June 05: The Prime Minister of India has urged the public to turn off the lights between 9 am and 9:09 pm today.
In his speech, he concluded by blessing all the members of the Seng to grow in their thinking and to implement the activities of the Seng in the coming days for the Dawbah. of the country and the Hynniewtrep people as a whole.
The investigation will also focus on the placement of children, whether permission has been obtained from the law enforcement authorities to place where children are allegedly employed to work in the area, whether they have been asked for permission or not to hold parties.
The tournament will start on the 25th and end on the 1st of November.
“We have made it clear in writing that if we give land to those who are squatting, we will not allow anything,” said the HYC leader. Shillong Municipal Board and the Urban Development Department to clarify whether there is any error in the Affidavit that the Municipal has not responded to in Court or in the RTI that the Municipal has responded to the Seng.
Shillong, Lber, 26: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, on Tuesday informed the market dwellers in Shillong, Shillong that if there are any goods left in their shops, they will have to pay. Please contact the Officer Incharge of Syiem Police Station at 7005732949 or
This means that they rule with friendship, party, compassion and so on.
People like to use all kinds of plastics whether it is pla, plastic, shamoit or bottle plastics etc. because they are easy, lightweight, stingy, inexpensive, protect against water pollution.
New Delhi, Jymmang 28: NPP President Conrad K Sangma and Lok Sabha MP Agatha Sangma have attended the opening ceremony of the new Parliament of India. which was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today.
At this meeting, it was said that the issue of Bah Cheris is only one issue, but we should not forget the Inner Line Permit, we should not forget the border, we should not forget the issue of In 2018, many youths have sacrificed their lives and the government has set up a High Level Committee and the question is where has the issue of Them Motor come from?
The seven cases invited by the ADC are the Superintendent of Police, the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Defense Estate Officer Guwahati.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The one-day Tri Hill Festival kicked off today with a march to showcase the traditional costumes of Meghalaya from various state and non-state actors. state as well.
Replying to the statement of the Chief Minister of Assam that they shoot because they have to protect themselves, this is an unacceptable statement. but it cannot be accepted because the police have come to Meghalaya.
Replying to a question by Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang in the Budget Session, Hek said that the total number of prisoners in Shillong District Jail is including 422 males and 18 females.
Referring to Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that this encourages illegal coal mining, the Prime Minister said that this government has done more than the previous government. He also asked what the former government has done in the past five years.
KSU NKHD General Secretary Lambok J Rymbai said in a statement today.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Rotary Club of Orchid City, Shillong, in collaboration with the State Sports Authority, has organized a tree planting ceremony around the JN Complex at Polo.
The family members of the deceased have lodged an FIR at Lumdiengjri Police station and the police have registered the complaint under the charges of murder.
Speaking on a new India that does not only believe in policy making, but moves forward with the youth of the country, the Prime Minister spoke about initiatives like Fit India and Khelo India which have become a mass protest.
The footprints of the animals were found on a large and isolated stone which is said to be the ancient animal market in this area.
Officials from the Transport Department and the Motor Vehicles Inspector of the Government in charge of Ri Bhoi District are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of the stop.
Referring to Bah PN Syiem MLA, MDC of Congress and CEM of KHADC, Bah Lapang said, “This is the internal affairs of the party. ".
Shillong, Naitung 29: Hundreds of teachers from East Khasi Hills today held a protest under the banner of JACATAM near AIR. The district has demanded that the government should implement their demand to provincialize the teachers.
At the same time, the Union urges the Leaders to stand against and support the decision of the Union and demands that the Government should suspend the Bill completely as it is understood that the Bill will be passed. If the government does not do anything and take action on the demand, the Union will take other measures.
The ancient knowledge of India can also help the world solve the problem related to the environment.
Those who have received training from MoCA to carry these items talk to the relevant officers in their areas and work with them to do what is necessary in a timely manner to carry and take possession. to these tools.
S Blah General Secretary of the HNYF said that the ILP is the right we demand but the government does not believe in it. He said that while the government is talking about development, tourism and education, the ILP is still needed. He said that the government has issued nine warrants for his arrest. Those who attended the meeting included the youth and the elderly until the rights of the people are implemented and before the floods cover the entire state. The attendance of the people is that they too are witnesses and eager to get the ILp, and it is also a full encouragement and support to the civil society.
This is necessary for the government to remind that all government employees who wish to travel abroad must seek permission from the government.
According to the First Advance Estimates of National Income for the fiscal year 2023-24, which was presented along with the Minister's speech, India's real GDP is expected to grow by 7.3%.
Shillong, July 02: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat and DGP of Meghalaya, Kulbir Krishan will attend a meeting convened by the Ministry of Home Affairs of India on the 4th of this month. date of this month.
This scheme promotes the adoption of modern farming methods through Krishi Vigyan Kendras.
There are 76 police stations in Meghalaya and out of these 18 police stations have drug cases, which enables the police to monitor and eradicate drug trafficking.
Shillong, November 17: The Cabinet today approved the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulations
This recognition will enable us to obtain greater distribution and visibility for the film, ensuring it reaches an even wider audience.
“China is committed to preventing further conflict,” Wang said.
Daryl W Momin, president of the William Initiative, said that as of now, many people will come to take part, but they don't want to discourage the participants so they have decided to go ahead with this initiative. They have requested the DC to help them.
On the memorandum submitted by the school, the Minister said that she has not yet read it, but she promised that whatever is needed, the government will provide support to the school. this school.
The death toll has risen to 1462, with the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District 992 and West Jaintia Hills from West Jaintia Hills. There are currently 135 people.
He was first elected as an MDC in 1984 from Nongkrem constituency and in this capacity he was elected as an MDC from Laitkroh constituency. He served as CEM from 2005 to
This is after the district authorities received complaints that there is illegal mining and quarrying especially in the hilly areas and the quarrying of shyiap from the river in different parts of the country. East Khasi Hills District, especially in Sohiong, Mawblei and Umphyrnai villages which has severely affected the water wells in the surrounding areas.
In 2018, the MDA government was formed by the then President of the UDP, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy.
They also understand that their Seng Kur alone cannot do anything unless all the Seng Kurs of Bri U Hynniewtrep agree and bury only on one thing, to accept and implement the work of the country. KHADC or to continue which our ancestors have established and made a custom since ancient times and which continues to this day.
They also expressed their gratitude to the men and women of the kura who have brought glory to the state and especially to the country and the Khasi people.
The theme of the competition is women empowerment and environmental sustainability.
Therefore, the union urges the PHE office to immediately revoke the NOC and give it to the rightful owner.
This was announced in a statement by Bah MH Dkhar, Advisor of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle.
According to news reports, many of the MLAs want to send the person whom the CLP leader wants and when it is time for an election to be held, this is the opportunity to speak well inside the party.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that this is the first time that the color of the water has been seen.
Shillong, November 19: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today held a Christmas celebration with the participation of singers from all over the country.
He said that he doesn't know why the company is destroying the environment and from now on the people of the area will not be able to listen and will have to come out to protest if the company does not stop as decided by the company. workplace Area.
Regarding the PIL, the SNSBH said that according to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court, although the Building Act is allowed to be implemented outside the Shillong Municipal area, He said that the boundary issue should be decided by the relevant authorities including the court and that is if the appeal is filed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Justice Ved Prakash Vaish today was sworn in as Judge of the Meghalaya High Court by Chief Justice Dinesh Maheshwari.
The GNLA was illegally declared in July last year and is known to have been involved in collaborating and supplying weapons through an agreement with the ULFA and NDFB. in the Garo Hills.
The district council should make proper use of the Land Transfer Act to stop the attempts to mine uranium.
The letter was sent by Pholasly Nianglang, Sirdar of Nonglang Sirdarship, Langdongdai, Interim Syiem of Nongmynsaw, Pa,im P.Syiem Nongbah, N.Syiem Jahnoh, Sirdar of Nongmynsaw. Mr. KT Pangniang, Secretary, Riangsih, Myndo.
Shillong, March 14: Jowai Police have launched an investigation into the murder of a mother in Jowai in recent days. He was seriously injured and is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The Minister said that the budget now does not have the special allocation for Plan or Non Plan budget but has been taken as the Central Government's budget. , at the same time, special funds have been allocated to all government departments.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday said that the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State is based on the name of the state. nation should be recognized according to the name of the state.
Therefore, the Seng Kur Warjri has agreed to meet with the Riti Academy to celebrate the Khasi New Year which will start from the next day, 13th November
There are 89 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 57 from West Khasi Hills and 19 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 81,4 .
Speaking to media, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the appointment of this Garo girl was through a letter written by the Minister of State, Marcuise N. .Marak to the Director of Program Implementation & Evaluation, 3 Secretariat Nokrek Building, Shillong on 18th June, 2023 on the grounds that this Garo girl comes from a poor family and is the only one. she, who carries the burden of the entire family after the death of her mother in 2021.
Two days later, the police lodged a complaint against Bah Balawan Pala alleging that it was Bah Balawan who shot him.
“According to the IMD forecast, heavy rainfall is expected on the 17th and 18th in South Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills. bad in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today said that more police personnel have been sent to Ichamati to curb the riots.
In KHADC, the Congress will win between 5 and 10 MDCs, the UDP will win between 7 and 9 MDCs and the KHNAM and HSPDP will win. will win between 11 and 13 MDCs and will lead the executive committee in collaboration with the Independents.
Kenny Lyngdoh said, “This film shows that all these things are not as we think or see from the outside.
On the other hand, the Governor urged the people of Meghalaya to uphold the Constitution to reach the goal of development.
This will be only for the purpose of admission to schools, junior classes, secondary and higher secondary schools, certificates from one place to another. other schools such as Secondary and Higher Secondary, to prepare certificates, marksheets, admit cards of Secondary and Higher Secondary.
The protest was called by the Congress youths and it was witnessed that only a few youths came to take part in the protest to carry placards in front of the BJP office. in the State.
During the inspection, the Seng also found that the employment of Khasi men and women in these factories has been neglected and the salary has been neglected according to the price set by the Government.
Shillong, Lber 06: The filing of nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha MP elections for Meghalaya has started today and will end on the 13th of this month.
Tura, March 21: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, today said that there has been a fall of trees in nine areas of Tura town, but no casualties have been reported. what a tragic event.
III/104 Dated Shillong, 15th June, 2021 and so that the residents of the village can buy and sell their daily necessities during the curfew from 17th to 24th June 2021 in East Khasi Hills District. , only food shops and essential items arranged by the Incident Commanders of each Zone within Shillong.
The union of coal owners said that the most dangerous thing is that if the NGT order continues, the time will come when the coal owners will get Perhaps many of the residents of Jaintia Hills will be misled by entering into illegal activities such as Kai Khlaw and others and when this happens, this will affect the peace and order in the country. community in the whole region.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner of SWKH District has been informed to take necessary action as at present vehicles can no longer pass through this area and have to pass through the Border Road.
In Shillong, many shops are closed, vehicles are parked and the streets are filled with children playing. The curfew has also been implemented in West Khasi Hills. and South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
The terminal of Ayodhya Airport has sustainability facilities such as insulated roofing system, LED lights, rainwater harvesting system, fountains, water treatment plant, sewage treatment plant.
The JAC Wapung C&RD Block will not take any action in this regard, but will continue to follow up until the matter is resolved and the temporary office will be restored. of Wapung C&RD Block at Wapungskur, the place where the full office of the block is located according to the announcement made by the Government.
Speaking to reporters, E.Kharmalki, Chief Executive Member (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), said that the closure of these shops was ordered by the High Court. in January, this year.
After the EC took the decision, the opposition MDCs wanted to discuss the issue as a group and today he called a meeting with the opposition MDCs. Opposition Leader Charles Marngar and Balajied Rani were present.
The curfew will be in force only within the boundary of East Jaintia Hills District.
Police have completed all the necessary procedures according to the law and at the same time they are conducting an investigation to find out the truth, the police said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 57 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 32 in West Garo Hills and 9 in South Garo Hills. There are 893 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi.
Ganol S Massar was also an MDC from Nongskhen Constituency from 1979 to
These newly arrived Frames have a different price range with the 6 newly arrived SKUs priced at Rs 4495 only.
At the same time, the Dorbar of Khlieh Nongsynshar urges the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to hold dorbars to rethink the way these activities are carried out so that it will not affect the future generations.
Shillong, November 04: Shillong Police have arrested Bah Tobias Tiewsoh on charges of cheating.
This is a huge difference for the ordinary poor and their cost of living.
The fourth decision is that the Government of India should recognize and immediately include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule as a sign of the beginning of honoring the treaty between the Government of India and the Syiems of Hynniewtrep through the Instrument. of Accession.
Those who registered today are many.
However, this has exceeded the target and the collection of niutplastic from across the state has reached 18083 kilos.
Those who have been selected from across the country will be employed in 38 departments of the Central Government.
As the hospital has been used as a COVID-19 treatment facility, it is from 1/3/2021 that they have started giving medicines again.
The Chief Minister said that in the past years the government has provided assistance to those who went to Delhi for special training to sit for the IAS examination and the government has spent T.15 lakh for each, but With the change of time, the same training has been conducted in Meghalaya to provide training for those who wish to sit for the IAS examination. The target is to train 200 students of the state and the selection of these students will be through an examination which they have to take. If they pass that examination they can be selected for special training for a year before they took the IAS exam.
The games were attended by students from the Social Work Department of the university.
The Minister of Education said that the government is looking into this issue because not only the SSA teachers but there are other teachers in the state whom the government has to look into and if it takes any any decision must be taken into consideration.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Holen Kharwan and Shlek Suting admitted that they have received the pata from the former Rangbah Shnong since 2005 and it was until U Bah went to inspect the two houses in relation to the farmland.
Daniel Ksanbor Khyriemmujat of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came first with 462 points.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Agatha Sangma MP of 2-Tura parliamentary constituency has written a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday. The letter mentioned the floods in Phulbari, Titkrikilla and Rangsamgre.
Shillong, March 04: There are 112 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 63 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 34 cases in West Khasi Hills District. There are 1494 deaths in the country.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr B Das, Deputy Director, Indian Institute of Packaging, Kolkata, Dr Basanti Baroova, Professor, Indian Institute of Crop Processing Technology, Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Up to 100 members of the GNLA today surrendered before the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri.
Staff of EMRI-108 who came to provide assistance, said that Dechrang T Sangma passed away.
Shillong, June 05: The Darrang District Council through the Dalloi Bah Pyrwa Lymba together with the Rangbah Shnongs of Darrang District including Darrang, Shnongpdeng and Dawki have decided to close the tourist spot on the 9th April, There will be a public hearing to be held at Moosakhia on the closure of the Umngot River.
Bah Syiem said that by introducing this bill, the purpose of the bill is to recognize the status of Rangbah Shnong according to the law so that the authorities in charge of the District Administration will know and recognize them. on the part of the Deputy Commissioners or the Police.
He said that tomorrow morning he will visit the site together with the Chief Minister and the HPC.
On the other hand, the BSF has set up camps on the border with Bangladesh in Gasuapara area as the same militants have fled to Bangladesh.
The residents who come from the villages have found it difficult to get vehicles to go to the hospital to get medicine or to visit their relatives who are sick because they don't have enough vehicles to go to NEIGRIHMS. this created difficulties in obtaining vehicles.
Other payments T.10,81,424/-.
This is the ninth address of the Prime Minister of India to the students today and the aim of this is to create a free education system. especially for the youth who are preparing for the board exams.
He also shared details on the vaccine rollout and delivery in the country.
Arnold Lanong, Minister of Road Construction Sujit Das was the chief guest and Bah HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills said that he was specially invited.
There are 45-Tikrikilla and Augustine D Marak.
The 'Vividdhta ka Amrit Mahotsav' started its work as a celebration of unity among differences.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has traced 65 close contacts of the patient and 6 of them have been tested positive.
Referring to the NDTV report, he said that MPCC President DD Lapang and Shillong MP have met with BJP leaders Dr Mukul Sangma. He said that he did not write such a letter. If the news channel has such a letter, it should be shown.
No aspect of the personal life, unrelated to public affairs, of the leaders or employees of other political parties shall be discriminated against.
It is on this basis that the Congress party in the KHADC demands that a special session should be convened to discuss who did this to clarify because it was not as discussed.
The closing ceremony was attended by MDC Mawkynrew Constituency Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who was also the Chief Guest.
“I have not done anything wrong, there is a Finance Account Officer to oversee the release of money, it has to go through the treasury and go to the bank. If you do wrong, the FAO should write sir, this is not according to the rules.
Due to the lack of peace and order in the state, the President has been requested not to send more troops to protect the people especially the small paid as their houses have been destroyed and many have fled to the state. the forests are btap.
He was very grateful to Swami Vivekananda.
There are about 10 Bangladeshis.
All those who tested positive did not show any symptoms.
Patients isolating alone should be immediately transferred to health facilities, if necessary.
Other office bearers of the branch are Banteilang Warjri, Lamphrang Warjri, Wanbor Warjri, Ronald Warjri, Sngewhun Warjri, Wansngewbha Warjri, Regina Warjri, Nangroibha Warjri, Donald Kynsai Warjri and Niris Warjri.
He also acknowledged that at the beginning of the implementation of the NEP there will be some difficulties here and there but he hopes that in the future the colleges will be able to implement the NEP properly in Meghalaya. Government to issue an order directing all colleges to implement the NEP for the benefit of the students.
Shillong, March 28: The FKJGP today held a rally against youth unemployment from Motphran to Madan Iewrynhep.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Erwin Khnong Syiem Sutnga and Bah Raphael Warjri, who led the Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep. in the Mylliem City.
There are more than 40 children in the AW Thomas Orphanage in Jaiaw Lymsyntiew who have been raised and cared for with the support of the Presbyterian Church.
The question is – Why does the Government of India suddenly remove us from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 on December 11, 2019 on the same day that the Citizenship Amendment Bill was passed in the Raja Sabha? , after being passed in the Lok Sabha on December 10, 2019 and signed by the President of India on December 12, 2019, the CAB became an Act, that is, the CITIZENSHIP Act. Amendment Act, 2019 and on the same day that the State of Manipur was newly incorporated into the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873, and deleted the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills and apparently the Garo Hills. “If the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, had listened to the people who demanded ILP in 2013, or if the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had listened to the people, Our request from the KHADC after we passed the Council to implement the ILP (Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873) in October 2018 within the territory of the KHADC, but Conrad K. Sangma in his speech through The Northeast News said that the ILP is a 100 years old law.
I cannot say how many challenges we have faced but we must not give up but stand firm so that we can reach the goal.
Yes Maharashtra, 11
“We understand that the KSU (Police) have been prosecuting KSU members under various laws and regulations when there are any incidents but the KSU wants to say that if the Government continues to do so in the coming days, The government should understand what will happen next.
Every month we serve more than 400 children in the Centres,” said Pastor Reuben. long pat that is happy.
In this regard, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that he will hold a public meeting in the evening to inform the people of the demand of the Karbi. West Jaintia Hills District said it is better to cut down the tree trunks first than to lose the rice.
In another incident, a clash broke out between police and road robbers at Gabil Bisa in East Garo Hills. No one was injured in the incident as the robbers fled into the forest.
The Governor will address the House on the 13th and the Budget for 2020-21 will be presented on the 18th and the Budget will be passed by the House on the 26th. the last day of the session.
The BJP strongly condemns the killing of civilians.
"Furthermore, AK Sahu, Sr.
On the other hand, Bah Chyne congratulated the Engineering Wing of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for building many government health centers in different parts of the state. which have provided adequate services to the public and some have not yet been opened.
Recalling the ILP protest in the past years, Bah Sadon said, “Even I have been charged with many rules but through talks all but three have been removed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Rikman Momin, today announced that the BJP leaders in Delhi have approved the new office bearers of the BJP in the state.
Sanjeet of Services won the quarter final against Naman Tanwar of Railways in the 86-92kg category.
During the investigation, the group could not answer the sources of income that enabled it to purchase these land.
He said that by taking the example of himself, even if he has a land in Sohra, he cannot give it to others.
These include a nationwide mission to build toilets, and steps to ensure universal access to electricity, gas and more recently, running water, Brookings said.
Referring to the Teacher Training Center at Byndihati, he said that this is also an important part of the development of education in the area. provide training to teachers.
The KSU alleged that the Harijans living in Them Iew Mawlong are not willing to leave the area, they want to force the government, which the KSU cannot accept. The requirement to allocate 200 meters of land around to build houses and money, if given, give it to others.
At the meeting, DS Malai will deliver a speech on human rights and the plight of the minorities in the North East and the plight of the people of the region.
Earlier, at the opening ceremony, the Ambassador of India to Nepal, Ranjit Rae was pleased to witness the snapshots of the culture of various peoples from the North East.
It was found that there were some fake news posted by these Indian YouTube channels related to the current situation in Ukraine and aimed at disrupting India's relations with other countries.
“Therefore, I have introduced a budget for the fiscal year 2024-25 of less than T.2,029 crore, which is about 3.83 per cent of GSDP,” Sangma said while introducing the budget in the Assembly.
If those senior officers who are being investigated are still in office, it is here that the government has to ensure that the investigation should be independent. the law, said Dr Mukul.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 50, 42 have recovered, one has died and nine are undergoing treatment.
There are 1823 recoveries, 107 recoveries today and 19 deaths. The two deaths are from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) together with the residents of the Uranium Mines area have expressed their anger over the sudden appearance of Bah Hispreaching S.Shylla and the Executive. The KHADC Committee in 2006 had signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with UCIL in that year to allow the mining of uranium from Mawthabah and Kylleng Pyndensohiong.
However, initially only 47 people were selected through a thorough assessment based on their tourism skills and knowledge of the route and safe traffic that drivers need to know.
Agarwal said that as of now, India is growing in terms of income and the number of companies in the country is 13 lakh while those who have studied at this level are only 4 lakh. The Central Government has decided to encourage the students in this regard.
Sangma today convened a meeting of the Sports Department to review the Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021 which is currently being prepared.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Enbin Kharraswai has decided not to contest the 2018 MLA election. Mawkyrwat Constituency, on the part of the party supporters, they cannot accept this method of giving tickets.
On this day, thousands of people go to the cemetery to pay tribute and pray for the family members who have passed away.
“The manner of conducting the protest has raised many questions and the issue of ILP has come to light after what happened in Assam and we don't want to waste time to implement the report of the High Level Committee. on Influx in which she has suggested something which cannot be implemented because it needs the approval of the CM,” said Dr Mukul.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 37, with 26 cases from East Khasi Hills and 5 cases from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries has risen to 81844 so far.
However, their stay to sell their land is only temporary.
Indeed, this is perhaps the most important area that can reduce unemployment and also increase the production of agricultural products that can meet the needs of our society without having to rely on other states.
Work from home is allowed till
Shillong, July 17: A group of four members led by the President of the Federation of All School Teachers Meghalaya, Bah K. Shadap today came to the Secretariat to protest against the They have launched a banner to inform the government about the plight of Adhoc school teachers in Meghalaya.
The conduct of such trainings has helped them to get information about the ASI reporting through online channels on the ASI platform. He urged the NSSO office to conduct more such trainings to them. time to come.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Phyrnailang Marboh, Vice President of Umngot Farmers Association.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The FKJGP Sengkmie together with the participation of the FKJGP Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting at Eastside Inn Lad-Jaliah Bye Pass.
The front part of the terminal is similar to the Shri Ram Mandir which is currently under construction.
Anglus Sun, President of the Muay Thai Association Meghalaya, has praised the Meghalaya government for providing financial assistance to the athletes who have come to compete in the past few days. and Dubai.
“We see that it is good for those schools which do not have teachers,” he said and gave an example, “earlier the number of students was 50 to 60 students but due to the absence of teachers elsewhere The number of children in SSA schools has started to decline.
Shillong, July 24: The Cabinet meeting today approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Financial Service Rules 1989, as many of the rules relating to various government departments have been implemented by the directives of the Meghalaya Financial Service Rules for sha for.
Ruben said that in fact the Forest Department had visited Mahadev Khola but the residents of the area had applied to convert the area into a residential area and to build it as a guest house. and other buildings for their own use.
In 2021 , we have ministers who failed class 12 , but in the coming years we will have ministers who failed class 10 3 times If the government continues to take stingy action to look after the welfare of teachers.
The Seng urges the other Village Officers of Mawsynram Village as well as the residents and especially the people of the area as a whole not to be misled at all by the actions of some. and many of them spread abroad the whole city.
The search operation was conducted after the Police Department received a complaint regarding the excessive speeding of the drivers of the two wheelers. walk in your own way according to the law.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Banshai Marbaniang.
The Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills has been responsible for spreading the message to take care of the eyes and to respect those who have this disease.
Referring to the incident in Balakhawa, the HSPDP leader said that the whole reason for the development works, during his visit to the village he understood that there are those who want development works. and some are against it.
We don't know whether they are Bangladeshis, Pakistanis or Afghans.
He said that the office will do its utmost to improve the sub-station as soon as possible in order to distribute electricity.
The SP of West Garo Hills said that a complaint has been lodged at Tura Police Station on the allegation that the collision was caused by a brake failure of the truck. fate will be known once the investigation is complete.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that if the employment is not for the benefit of the youth of Meghalaya, KHNAM will not accept if the employment is only for people from outside Meghalaya. .
Red Ant Dream is a 120 minute film and the central theme of the film is about those people who live in the dream of fighting in this unimaginable India.
What can do anything now is only up to the government.
On this occasion, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management, has visited the village to meet with the family members of the deceased.
The president of NEHUSU said that when they met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to discuss this issue, the Chief Minister expressed his surprise to learn that The state does not have such examination centres, but until today they have not received a reply and from this meeting with the Governor it has become clear that it is due to the elections.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah L Marngar, president of the union, said that the union wants to see that the government will fight to pay the same salary to those who SSA teachers, because it would be good to see that those who receive SSA salary will receive 9,000 rupees while those who are teachers who are fourth teachers will receive only 7,000 rupees. .
He said that teachers have a special role in the role of children to shape them.
Meghalaya has also extended the curfew until the 31st of this month as announced by the central government.
Prime Minister Duh firmly believes in the role of radio in communicating with the people.
Therefore, the party would like to inform the BJP leader that the state needs strong and powerful laws to curb the influx of mynder and foreigners into the area before allowing the road. the train will not come here.
“The Director has clarified that NEIGRHIMS is following the office memorandum issued by the Central Government which is 44% for the Scheduled Tribes,” said Bah Synrem.
As the longdins, they express their gratitude to the ancestors who have put in place this part and as the ancestors who have done this as we have witnessed today, on behalf of the Hima, we would like to express our special greetings to the Syiem, u Lyngdohs, ministers, chiefs of the Hynniewtrep people who have been involved in the raid, various Khasi organizations involved in the raid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two persons who were planning to leave for Bangladesh after meeting with top leaders of the HNLC. They are identified as Bah Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, 39, of Iawmawsiang, Jowai and Samir Jolly, 44, of Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
The Government has already allocated T.2 crore for the construction of the new block office and T.2.81 crore for the Degree College which has been allocated through the NEC. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the construction of new office buildings will also help in the development of the people of Chokpot.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The ICAR, Umaim, an agricultural research center in the North East, has trained young people in the field of agriculture. This training lasted three days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Police of Ri Bhoi District today received a tip that a bus suspected to be carrying heroin worth thousands of grams of heroin has left Manipur for Shillong. .
To receive this assistance, those families of those affected by this tragic incident are required to produce the death certificate from COVID-19 and this will be only for those who have died since 01st June .
They confessed to their parents and church leaders and later handed them over to their parents and church leaders. They were arrested by the police.
Shillong, March 09: The JSU today held a meeting with the CEC members from all the Units and Circles together with the leaders of the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The swearing-in ceremony of the new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) for the term 2023-2026 was held today. President Roy Kupar Synrem and all the members at the meeting held at the Jaiaw Lumpyllon Dorbar Hall.
“I have lodged an FIR and police are investigating these people.
I have experienced an incident, where I spoke to a child in Meghalaya on a trip to Ampati last month, who was returning from Madrasa, and he told me that he had studied related to religion.
We also have a system of looking after forest areas with less than 1000 villages.
The PFR Football Academy has introduced a football training center in the village which will help many neighboring villages where parents have been able to send their children to the nearest centre. to come to the city.
In this regard, the EC meeting held today has decided to appoint a special committee to look into the issue of issuing marriage certificates.
“He alleged that the Work Order issued by the GHADC is too small and costs only T.15 lakh and this is a violation of the rules of XV FC. “Tura is a violation of the Constitutional rights of the elected leader because it deprives the people of the constituency,” he said. It is a big seat and has more than 30 villages and I want to insist that the people should not be deprived of their rights.
On this day, women were taught how to protect themselves from violence. On this day, a border dance was also held by a group of women musicians to enrich the day. also the collection of paintings, jhur and many others.
The team won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy after beating Nongumlong FC 1-0 in the 1st Knockout Football Tournament. by the Seng of Mylliemlong, Mawlai Umthlong.
Daryl W Momin, President of the William Initiative, said that it is their goal to fight as much as possible to make the area understand the importance of preserving the environment because it has come to everyone.
According to the letter, the HNLC said that this decision was taken on the grounds that the Government has not implemented the demands put forward by the HNLC before the start of the peace talks.
After the Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination, many of the students who passed the examination have failed in the subject Social Sciences including History and Geography with 23 marks, Civics and Economics with 23 marks. 17 marks, 20 marks for Internal Marks and 4 marks for Map according to Blue Print will be copied by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) to all schools in
Answering a supplementary question, the Minister said that 50 acres of land has been allocated at New Shillong Town Ship for the construction of the Shillong Medical College. he worked.
The committee will look into the benefits of changing the structure of the new fiscal year and what the losses will be if the new fiscal year is changed. to the government on 31st November this year.
Malki-Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War, who is also the President of the Club, in his speech, said that the Sports Club will continue to work hard in all its activities and urged the residents of Laitumkhrah to Give your right hand and left hand to the Sports Club in all the good deeds and activities of the Club.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Public Health Engineer has been working to ring the water pipe without completing it because the water has leaked into the ground at the Stand Jeep.
Police are investigating whether he has any connection with the North East.
The Cabinet meeting held today did not take any decision but they will meet again to prepare an affidavit which the government will submit to the court. to keep a close eye on and the government is collecting more data.
This was done to reduce the weight of the students and to protect their health.
The protest was to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state but the law passed by the government did not say anything to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. people who are bar.
The Government has spent more than Rs. The Border Road Organization (BROA) has taken the initiative to build this bridge.
Paul said that the poor households under EWS-I and EWS-II and the construction site does not exceed 50 meters will not have to pay anything. get a building permit will be lower than the government price.
There are also those who are Khasi and don't drive non-Khasi.
Shillong, June 11: The HANM of East Khasi Hills District today closed down the office of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission in Auckland for its opening ceremony in Weiking. The government has given me a holiday.
They will also be able to record and videograph two self-made songs at which Don Bosco Media will pay all expenses.
The festival was held in collaboration with a group known as “The Them Tyrso Women's Welfare Assoiation".
In Garo Hills, Unickon has priced T.28830/- as T.16800/- while the price of Unicon has been T.28830/-. 70.59% of the government price has been increased to exceeded.
The Village Authorities also extended their best wishes to the organization for its progress in all aspects and that the members will become stronger and stronger so that they can work well for the betterment of the organization. The country and the nation as a whole live together.
On the other hand, the KSU said that if the government does not listen to the demand of the KSU, the KSU will not hesitate to appeal to the international authorities.
MLAs Pious Marwein, Gigur Myrthong, MDCs Ban Basaiawmoit and Telinia Thangkhiew were the Deputy Chief Executive Members of KHADC. The day ended with the blessing of the Holy Sacrament in the afternoon service by the hands of the Bishop Rev Dominic Jala.
This is the time when parents have to pay the school fees of their children but this inability of the EC to pay the salaries has affected the students and has really put the parents father in great distress.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, also visited the house to express his sorrow over this unexpected incident. this day.
“This cleaning drive that we had today is something that we want to do every three months because our communities and our culture has been to keep our localities and villages clean,” he said and added that many villages and localities do it on their own without. any support.
The Council has not yet received a copy of the letter and we have just received information on this,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Timothy, who is also the MLA of Resubelpara, said that not all those who will join the new AITC, some will stay with the party they belong to, the Congress, some will join other parties as well. this will be an opportunity for those who want to flee.
The arrest was made after receiving a tip that there were smugglers and in this raid in collaboration between the BSF and Meghalaya Police they seized from Katuli Market.
On the Commission's recent work for the collection of AADHAAR, Pandey said it is important to follow the rules of the ECI when collecting information.
Regarding the celebration of Digital India Day, it is a coincidence that this year it falls on Holy Thursday, but there is nothing to do so that in other years the celebration of Digital India will be held in other years. will be held on the 14th of June, while Holy Thursday will be two days before or two days after the Digital India Day of June.
BAH JUHHI NANGHULOO, PANALIAR, JOWAIIn the rhythm of the golden Duitara, the singer sings the rhythm of the nation, the sounds of the truths and light of the past; but they differ and change over time.
The price of rice is T.3 per kilo and Ata is T.2 per kilo.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Union Minister of State for Child Development, Prof SP Singh Baghel on his visit to Shillong, said that Meghalaya has very few cases compared to other states in India.
Shillong, Lber 22: Answering a question by Himalaya M Shangpliang regarding the PHC in Sawsymper, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that that the Central Government has not accepted this request of the State Government.
Tynsong declined to comment on the HPC's remarks.
Rikmang said the election for the election of leaders to Parliament, the MP election is approaching and the party has to prepare.
The MCH Hospital in Nongstoiñ has been completed for about three years and many residents of the village have been waiting for the State Government to open the Hospital after the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has decided to open the hospital. allocation of funds to purchase the necessary equipment for this hospital in November,
According to Para 14 of Article 3 of the Sixth Schedule, the State Government has the power to empower the District Councils, but all the Governments in the past and present They have tried to undermine the powers of the District Councils.
U Bah Syiem said that in these days there are foreigners who want to destroy our nation by any means.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the past two years, the Behdeinkhlam festival has not been able to gather public gatherings due to the pandemic, but now they have been able to dance. I am happy to celebrate this ritual.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Upper Primary School Teachers Association (AMAUPSTA) has reminded the Minister of State for Education (MoE) on the issue of teachers' shortage of teachers. do something about the demand for pay increases.
The celebration was led by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan in the presence of the Governor of Manipur, Anusuiya Uikey, officers and staff of Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Referring to Garo Hills, the Minister said that 74% of the villages which had been burnt down in the past but have been lost have been restored and the government has a target to complete them. in July 2014, the minister said.
The polling day will be on Friday 27.02.2018 and the re-polling day will be on
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Bah A Mawlong.
Shillong, July 12: The shortage of shallan in public markets is due to the shortage of shallan from the Government Printing Press to the offices of the Treasury Officers of the Districts.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The fifth meeting of doctors from various armed forces of India was held in Shillong today and will end tomorrow. In his speech, the DG of BSF, KK Sharma, stressed that all the personnel should be in good health and at the same time he said that all the personnel should be healthy. The BSF troops must adopt a new management system in order to become economically viable.
When asked, the MP said that in his view of social media, “They are pukni who eat only rotten meat.
This will help the traders whose income does not exceed T.20 tyngka per annum.
We also request the public to cooperate in curbing the spread of false news on social media, said the SP. The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong and many of the residents of Mawlai Syllaikariah, which falls under Mawlai Constituency, has decided to boycott the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Details will be provided later once the official news is received from the Police Department.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Sports Department of the State Government today held a ceremony to honor the outstanding sportsmen and women of the State who have brought glory to the State in International, National and State tournaments. level.
He also spoke to Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP, on the White Paper on Indian States – which was approved and accepted by the Government of India on 17th March. August 1948, and how the Chief Executive Members from Village, Raid to Hima do not have their own Iing Dorbar and that in the Constitution of India and under the 6th Schedule these separate authorities do not appear, informed on the NCRWC report The NCST and NHRC in 2012, said that the ILP protest in the state is partly due to concerns over the peaceful entry of the ILP. names of people on the Electoral Roll even if they are not residents of the village which has caused doubt among many, and especially because these governments that the people trust do not appear and do not have access to this government within the government. Constitution.
Referring to Meghalaya, he said that with this decision, the daily passenger train from Guwahati to Mendipathar in Meghalaya will be operated. Guwahati – Mendipathar.
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the Central Body in his speech on the occasion, stressed the need to surprise the people as a nation to bring about real changes for the benefit of the people.
On the part of the MLA of the area, Bah Stephan, he congratulated the kur for taking this initiative to encourage others to take part in the preservation of the environment by planting trees together. .
"“This delay in announcing the results of those who have passed the examination by the Institute, especially since they are the residents of the state, has affected the transparency in the recruitment process as it affects the authorities. “If we delay further, it will lead to the problem that the applicants will expire,” said the union.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: U Bah DD Lapang MLA of Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that the government is working to provide jobs to the people especially in the rural areas. The Bharat Nirman Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra (BNRGSK) in Umshaken village, which belongs to the Employment Council (AEC), was constructed at a cost of T.10 lakh.
Police said the four men confessed that they had acted on the orders of the HNLC from Bangladesh.
He said that the Government together with the MLAs should take action on this issue to set up a Rehabilitation Center run by the Government in Shillong so that it will reduce the number of youths who have fallen victim to drug trafficking. drugs.
Since childhood, Bah Kerios Wahlang has been accustomed to writing songs and singing in his own voice.
During the operation 42,300 Kgs of Sugar worth more than Rs.16 lakh were recovered from an abandoned house located in close proximity to the International border.
Tura, Jymmang 26: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District to complain that some people are on the border with the West Garo Hills District. Assam has two polling stations, one for Meghalaya and the other for Assam.
He said that in the beginning there will be many losses but don't lose hope, from the loss take it as a lesson and one day you will reach the victory. ADB has urged them to start in Japanese language schools and this will help them to be invited to work abroad.
At the same time, the party requests the cooperation of parents, youth organizations, women's organizations, VDPs and village authorities.
A total of 131 athletes were awarded prizes in Athletics, Boxing, Kick Boxing, Rock Climbing & Mountaineering, Wushu, Taekwondo, Judo, Football and Table Tennis. and Karate, were also honored on this day.
Guwahati, Lber 25: A two-day regional workshop on the PM GatiShakti National Master Plan organized by the Department of Commerce and Industry (DPIIT) concluded here today.
This will be the first time in Meghalaya that religious leaders will meet with BJP leaders from the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: A car manufacturing factory of Bah Branding Marbaniang at Mawlai Nongkwar has collapsed at 3 pm this morning. stand up all.
Latest reports said that the invitation of the Governor to these three parties was only for a meeting without any topic to discuss but it was only a pleasant meeting with the Governor. he called pleasantly.
The event was attended by the Friends of the Eastern Region who live in Delhi.
The order of the Regional Officer was recorded during his inspection of the road on 16th November.
This was stated by Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit.
Shilling, July 30: Meghalaya has also joined the Bharat Net, the Central Government today said on Twitter.
The HYC strongly supports the demand of the Federation of School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM).
The Repeal Act, 1897 abolished the Garo Hills.
The opening of this police outpost sends a message to the people that the peace and order of the people is the most important thing. furthermore to ensure the safety of the general public.
On the occasion, Ms. I Warjri also spoke as the Mission Director of the State Resource Centre.
The event was attended by Assistant Education Secretary of KSU Ranikor Circle Samla Marcony Thongni, President of KSU Ranikor Circle Samla Marcony Thongni, Village Ministers and public.
The program included a variety of games, competitions, such as drawing, writing, singing, dancing, traditional music, and quizzes, also held for children and adults.
With the arrival of the French, he divided the Shyllong Hima into two Himas, the Khyrim Hima and the Mylliem Hima, where the Mylliem Hima established its office at Mawkhar.
More than 7,000 athletes, more than 15,000 participants, more than 35,000 colleges, universities and schools and the participation of more than 50 lakh teachers in the National Games is unique and unprecedented, he said. state.
The presence of these colleges will help students from the rural areas not to move to the urban areas.
The Chief Minister explained in detail about the roads to be constructed in Meghalaya under the Special Assistance Rural Development Program (SARDP) of the Central Government. He expressed his gratitude to AICC President Sonia Gandhi for taking the initiative and party Vice President Rahul Gandhi.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the many schemes that the government is currently implementing in different parts of the state, where these activities have to be registered with the law enforcement agencies under the Indian Registration. Act 1908, which provides for the payment of money for this purpose.
New Delhi, March 05: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina have agreed to deploy troops in Delhi today. look at the border to complete the border crossing as soon as possible.
With the decision of the Central Government to implement the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) in the fertilizer industry and the demand of the fertilizer sellers to increase the price of fertilizers, the Government has taken this step. roi to implement.
Dr War said that Samla Shylla was first taken to Nazareth Hospital on 27/8/2020 for treatment and then to Super Cara Hospital on 5/9/2020 and 10/9 /2020 was taken to NEIGHRIHMS Hospital where he tested positive for COVID-19 and died at 10 pm.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy, MLA of the constituency. of Nongstoin, Bah D Jyndiang, in the presence of the Sirdar of the District.
Shillong, November 26: BSF troops on Christmas Eve arrested two drug smugglers from the Bangladesh border in South West Garo Hills.
The people of the State are facing problems from time to time only because the Meghalaya government is the source of the Assam government and does not want to share and take action because they are resting only in that status Qou while the people of we are still suffering and weak and low in spirit.
In his speech, he extended his special thanks to the students of this area who have been able to organize such a festival.
This is to ensure that the Indian Registration Act is reviewed before being implemented in the state after banks have refused to accept Dulir issued by District Councils when people go to apply for loans. from banks to build houses or any other business.
It is worth mentioning that most of the legal proceedings in GST cases are related to the ITC, the powers of GST officers in relation to summons, arrest, seizure of property and others.
In his speech, Bah Kharshiing explained that if the Khasi language can be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, there are many benefits that the nation should receive.
At the same time, the HPF urges the people to obey the government's directive to observe the social distancing, said Bah Justine Kharbuki General Secretary of the HPF Ri Bhoi District.
COVID-19 related measures, UT State Governments should take all necessary precautionary measures to promote COVID-19 related measures and ensure the wearing of masks, hand hygiene and you are far from each other.
Governors and Chief Ministers of all five states of the region attended the function.
Through the victories of Little Star, Jakrem Presbyterian and Tenset, the schools will qualify for the State Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2024 to be held soon in Shillong. .
PB-SHABD will be the one source of news for these groups, he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to abolish the kilo cut of any rice in the market.
The meeting also discussed the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016 as passed by the Cabinet. in terms of the arrival of tourists.
The ECI has decided to suspend the polling in the constituency due to the death of the party candidate HDR Lyngdoh in the middle of the elections. only UDP is allowed to register.
The Chief Minister said that the government cannot provide government jobs to everyone, as only about 1500 people can be recruited for government jobs through the MPSC and DSCs per annum. They should be encouraged to engage in their own activities to improve their income.
“Bah Dkhar said that even on our part as the Sengbhalang we often attend public hearings of the state government on the NPR (Aadhaar No) and we have asked for many clarifications especially for the safety of the indigenous people in the state from the implementation of the NPR but the government has not been able to provide us with a satisfactory explanation and that is why we demand i The State Government has issued a public hearing on this issue.
Leaders of the MSSASA Central Body, Aristotle C. Rymbai President and Hamarbamut Marbaniang General Secretary will also be present.
The BSF has arrested four persons including the driver of the bus and the driver of the bus. .
Leaders and members of Shillong City as well as from various blocks within Shillong City were present to celebrate this small ceremony.
Members of the EUMSS said that the organization of this one-day festival of heavy metal music is part of the show that music and music has its own. role in the enjoyment of audiences around the world.
In this regard, the Union of Village Authorities, Mawkynrew Area, has decided to meet again with Bah Kynsai M Syiem, Sordar Smit, to hold a meeting of all the Village Authorities in the Hima Khyrim. , to have the opportunity to discuss the KHADC Rules 1953, the RTI Act 2005, the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Bye-Law and other laws which may affect the Dorbar Shnong authorities.
NESO is fighting for the protection of the minorities in the North East of India, at the same time NESO has warned the Central Government not to bring in any Samuel B Jyrwa Chairman and Sinam Prakash Singh Secretary General of NESO said in a statement today that the NESO has a policy against the minorities of the North East.
No child should be left behind, he said, urging schools to start scholarship programmes.
Earlier, the unit had met with the MLA of the area, Bah HM Shangpliang last month to convey to him the problems faced by the farmers and to help convey to the government the problems. to help them especially at such times.
For the closing ceremony of MeriMaatiMeraDesh, more than 20,000 AmritKalashYatri from 36 States and Union Territories will arrive in the capital on 29th March through various means of transport such as trains.
If there has been any allocation of funds from the Central and State Governments to the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plants Board for the planting of herbal medicines, where has the fund been used and the names of the recipients and the place where they have been operating since the year? 2010 to 2020.
Additional CEO RP Marak and Bah KG Nongrum explained the working of the EVMs and VVPATs. Shillong, November 14: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) has strongly opposed the plan of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to auction timber from the forests in Garo Hills. Damalgre Range, Naguapara Range, Pulbari Range and Samanda Range.
Anuj Chetry of Sherwood School, Tura has scored 575 marks in the SSLC examination.
The Symbud Myntri said that the investigation is ongoing and the state police force has been deployed and the situation in the area is peaceful.
During the meeting, the MP of Tura urged Nipendra to convene a meeting between the heads of the forest department, the heads of the coal department and the The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to discuss the NGT's ban on coal mining in Meghalaya.
He said that the Seng has requested a letter sent by the MHA so that the Seng can review the findings of the Ministry so that the Seng can give its opinion to the State Government and what the State Government will do for the best and that the Bill will be implemented.
He acts without communication.
By introducing these 14 land resources, it will help the government in collecting revenue. In the fiscal year 2017-2018, the revenue from Cess will be only T.48 crore. The government's revenue from the Cess is estimated to be T.72 crore in the 2019-2020 fiscal year.
This is not a new incident as the Seng has found that this office is not open especially on the first or second day of the month and the Seng has been to talk to him on this issue. However, until now, the officer has not shown any signs of resolving this shortcoming within the Block.
In the team shooting competition, the winners were the team of Wahumlawbah led by Diwan Kharshiing and Training Sawkmie. The second team was the team of Umkdait-A led by Olik Jyrwa and Wudshed Kharshiing. .
The Minister arrived in the state for two days to review the implementation of Panchayati Raj schemes.
The BJP Meghalaya Pradesh has criticized the Congress leader for his remarks if he bases even half of his sermons at a public meeting. in Nongpoh.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The annual Behdienkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Tuber in Jiantia Hills has ended today with the participation of thousands of people.
The Minister of Jal Shakti has promised the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to provide the necessary assistance so that Meghalaya can become a '100% FHTC State' by November, 2022 and said that he intends to discuss the the discussion and implementation of the JJM with the Prime Minister soon through video conferencing.
Pynshai won the MLA election from Mylliem in 1993 for the first time, the second time in 1998 and the third time in 2003 and lost in without contesting the MLA election from this constituency.
There is no State Government that has to pay for the provision of medicines.
This market provides an opportunity for people involved in this field to meet people involved in these fields from all over the country and abroad.
Mairang, Naitung 16:The 187th death anniversary of the freedom fighter, Tirot Sing Syiem, falls on Sunday this year. This was announced today at a program held at Madan Nongrah, Nongkhlaw, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister said that the officers of the Forest Department should look after the daily management of the forest department how to maintain it and the implementation should be given to specially trained personnel, such as the ticket office. , parking, restaurants and other public amenities.
The raid was conducted by officers of the Shillong Municipal Board and members of the FKJGP from the Shillong Municipal Board. Curse.
On this complaint, police have arrested the suspect and registered a case against him.
The MMECC urges the government to release as written in a letter from the Chief Minister Secretariat, if the government continues to delay, the MMECC and the people who live in poverty They should not be able to take to the streets to demand that the government should release the remaining coal as it has already been counted.
During the tenure of Speaker Martin M Danggo, the foundation stone was laid for the construction of the Dorbar Hall in Upper Shillong which is the land of the Department of Agriculture. the house of the council is broken.
Shillong, July 14: U Bah Fairson J Jana, one of the polling officers in the last MLA election, has lodged a complaint against the SDO Election of Mairang for not receiving his salary according to the order of the Mairang MLA election. Election Commission of this office.
Naik said the Election Commission in the state will spend up to Rs 15 crore.
Jammu and Kashmir is the only powerful state but on its own it cannot negotiate peace with any armed group even if it has violated Article 370 but only the central government can decide on this issue. .
While the KSU members were searching the documents of the foreign workers, the Magistrate, officers from the Labor Department and Police from the Anti-Infiltration Directorate suddenly arrived.
A day before the meeting, a special meeting will be held with the Chief Secretaries of the North Eastern States, Secretaries of Ministries of the Government of India, representatives of the NITI Aayog, the Director General (Assam). Tura, July 17 : The second day of the 5th Meghalaya Games held at Ura, West Garo Hills District was attended by several sports. (discipline) which came to an end on Tuesday of the month.
PM participates in the golden jubilee celebration of the North Eastern Council meeting, in Shillong on December 18, 2022.
After investigation, the Bangladeshis were identified as Mahmad Tubelmia and Mahmad Apdul Rahaman from Dungria Sanamgon village in Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said it is necessary to have cooperation between the government and the army on how to reduce and resolve the problems during the power outage. Because it is impossible to know when it will come, whether it is an earthquake, flood, landslide or others, which cause not only the loss of property but also the loss of lives.
Jowai, July 18: The Joint Action Committee (JACJO) has signed a memorandum of understanding with three civil society organizations including the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM), the RI Jaintia Youth Federation (RJYF) and the Meghalaya People United. The MPUF strongly condemns the violence of the Assam Police against the Khasi Pnars living in the border area of ​​West Jaintia Hills.
There are 113 posts in Directorate Commerce and Industries, 148 posts in Directorate Printing, 30 posts in Sports Department, 11 posts in Personal Dept, 3 posts in Neurological Science. feeling special.
During the meeting, the leaders of SRS Ri-Bhoi Mihngi expressed before her the pollution of the Wah Umiam, which was polluted by Bah Honsen, from the district head. the reason for his digging along the river.
New Delhi, November 24: The Minister of State for Child Development, in charge of the Office of the Prime Minister of India and other Central Government Departments, at a meeting with the Divyang Employees National Organisation. He said that the number of people with disabilities has increased from three to four under the government led by Narendra Modi.
Other leaders of the party who were present on the occasion were Working President Sengrak D Marak, General Secretary Pyntngen Lyngskor, Vice President Wanshuwa Nongtdu and Organizing Secretary Stevie M Sangma.
In his speech, Prime Minister Duh said the country has reached a milestone by being able to provide up to 100 crore doses of vaccines in the fight against the corona virus.
The OC of Mawryngkneng Police Out Post has lodged a complaint with the OC of Mawryngkneng Police Out Post today to let him know if there is any tragic incident involving the sick. The doctor who has been appointed to this place should take responsibility and do something.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The office of the Controller of Examinations, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, has been destroyed by the presence of these books.
The competition was organized by the students of the university who are studying Travel Management 2 semester.
Fresh air from the trees and forests.
However, we should not take it lightly because in India and Assam there is still this niangkobid, the restriction on the entry and exit of foreigners should continue.
He said that the presence of government banks will also help in employment as there is a special benefit for the poor, as is the case in many bank branches in the state. youth get jobs, because of the existence of government banks, the existence of government banks has benefited the people in many areas.
The government will only allow those who have registered to return.
The General Secretary said that only the ILP can curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the country.
On the technical side, Dr. Ajay Kumar, former Secretary, Ministry of Defence, Government of India, spoke on the importance of data-based governance.
Congress leader Zentih said the party demands the appointment of a commission of inquiry headed by a judge of the Supreme Court of India into the allegation. and similarly to local government officials.
Shillong, July 05: The BSF today held a celebration of Environment 2024 to raise awareness among the people on the importance of environmental protection. and it shall be turned into a desert, and into the wilderness.
The two illegally constructed coke plants are identified as M/s Halari Coke Plant and M/s Shauryansi Coke, Wah Samsier, Sutnga District.
The letter said that many of the contract jobs in various government departments have been brought by foreigners although there are people from within the district who have accepted that they have not been appointed. need.
Shillong, March 18: More than 100 children from three South East Asian countries including Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and India have met to talk to the They held a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
“To clarify the allegations of the HSPDP, Bah Shylla has called for a public hearing so that the people can clarify the grounds and actions of the HSPDP,” said Bah Shylla. Shillong Press Club.
He also laid the foundation stone of the Integrated Hospitality and Convention Center in Tura and the Shillong Technology Park Phase-II.
In his speech, the Governor spoke on roads, water supply, improvement of lighting, sports, improvement of health facilities, improvement of schools, farmers and the government will continue to implement many schemes for the development of the state.
A meeting with the members of the Social Welfare Officers' Union will be called after the budget session.
Dr. Eureka in a statement said that Kong Irin has been reinstated after she fought against the party in the last MLA election.
There are 53 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries are from East Khasi Hills (27), West Khasi Hills (17), bringing the total number of recoveries to
In his speech, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs (DoNER), Minister of State for Home Affairs, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy & Space, Dr Jitendra Singh u The meeting was held to discuss the vision of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for the development of the North East and the elevation of the region to the level of other developed states.
Therefore, the union requests all SSA teachers to attend.
He said that he is only 16 years old, but through hard work he has achieved the fruits of victory and this victory has been an honor to the village as a whole.
The MBCL was established in 1979 with the financial support of the MIDC initially with a grant of T.10 lakh and T.9 lakh from the MIDC for the construction of the landfill. production of 100 tonnes per day and this 25 acre land has been allocated by the Nokma of Nongchram.
Shillong, Lber 25: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the Nonglang Village Youth Wing on Tuesday arrested six drug dealers in the area. and drug addicts of South West Khasi Hills District.
To revive this sport, the MSHA has gathered all the old players and they have given training to the children who want to learn how to play hockey.
The Chief Secretary has ordered that those students who have passed the examination in the past months have staged a strike.
Shillong, June 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today imposed a curfew from tomorrow until the 26th of this month in the entire Shillong government and surrounding areas.
Those who spoke included Sr.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the area, Samuel M Sangma, Deputy Commissioner SN Marak and other government officials.
In these days and years, what will the UDP party do for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, what will they do for the state? and respect that of others.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Mawdiangdiang to find out the truth about the collapse of the well surrounding the Legislative Assembly premises.
DP Wahlang said that he has tried to do this alone and almost everyone is against it. If anyone writes to demand it can go further this is the answer to the speech of the President of KAS. Regarding the land request for the construction of the KAS office, the government will look into it because it has been seen in these days that the CRPF area in Mawlai will become a large area. The Secretariat will be moved to New Shillong.
It also shows that people have accepted GST.However, it has also been seen that in the last month of the Financial Year, people are trying to pay the arrears from the previous months and it is because of this It is impossible to say whether this victory last month will continue in the coming months.
it means a kind of thing made or created only to be finished and associated with people or goods.
HANM Eastern West Khasi Hills District (HANM) Eastern West Khasi Hills District (HANM) has laid a wreath in front of the statue of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem. at Shooting Ground.
Others who were present on the occasion were Parliamentary Secretaries Noverfield Marak, Brigadier Marak and Sengnam Marak, DIG Western Range, Mukesh Kr.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education urged the teachers to ensure that such incidents should not happen again in the coming years which has put the students in great trouble.
Regarding the light bill, HANM expressed its surprise to see that the light bill has increased suddenly especially in Mawkasiang. HANM said that the light bill does not exceed T.790 tyngka. Banlamlynti Kharbani Secretary in a statement sent today has exceeded T.3000 tyngka.
In this regard, the government has convened a meeting with the CEMs of the three districts and during the meeting, the CEMs said that the bill should not affect the parts of the districts and The Government has promised that the bill will not affect the powers of the District Councils.
Captain Singh Solanki, Governor of Haryana, has been transferred and appointed as Governor of Tripura.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem, while speaking as the chief guest at the public launch of the song “Sa sur Tykulwa” at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall. “When the public leaders have time to open the toilet, where will we go?
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah K Warkynshah, said that the Shillong City Bus Syndicate (SCBS) has blocked the road leading to the motorway. .
The family members of the deceased have informed the police that he was last seen wearing blue jeans, a stem shirt, a gray sweater and a school uniform. red color.
FR Kharkongor, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
This documentary aims to raise awareness about the nation that is struggling between the remote region and the conflicts with others.
At this time I see that many children do not have uniforms and patluns have been sold so I request the MC to count the number of children who do not have uniforms so that I can provide uniforms to them. they.
There have been 752 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 23728 so far.
The Secretary, Hima Mawsynram welcomed the guests.
John chhana, president, Mizo students’ Union Shillong.
He urged the patients to take the medicines that the doctors have prescribed to them so that they can stay healthy. the disease can resurface again which will also put life in danger.
Through the Indo-Nepal Treaty 1950, tens of thousands of Nepalis have flocked to Meghalaya since the 1980s to settle.
In the Shillong seat, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from the National People's Party (NPP), Sitting MP from the Shillong seat, Bah Vincent H. Pala from the Indian National Congress (INC), Bah Robert June Kharjahrin from the RDA, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon from the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and independent candidates including Prof. Lakhon Kma, Bah Peter Shallam .
And it is these who have smuggled counterfeit money into India and forty kinds of crimes at the border.
However, it is safe to use cordless/mobile phones even in bad weather.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of Laitumkhrah Constituency and Minister of State, has directed the Police Department to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident on Friday night. A police Gypsy (ML02-0238) parked in front of Laitumkhrah Police Station has been set on fire while a tourist vehicle (ML05 Y-9977) has been set on fire. The damage was caused by the stone throwing and a two-wheeler in the same area was damaged.
Others who attended the function were Bah KC Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Tourism Department, Bah LBlah, EM of KHADC, Sunil Kumar Gupta, Chief Manager, Canara Bank, Shillong. the people of this village.
The party will also explain to the people of India that they sent the country in the name of religion and tried to instill the spirit of shrud. This is the leader of the Congress party.
The Minister said that the meeting was held with the aim of identifying land for expansion of agricultural activities, seed requirements in different states, information on financial requirements, jobs and to help with this mission.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Union Minister of State for Electricity and Power, Bah B Lyngdoh, has been awarded the title of Minister of State for Electricity and Power. The award is through existing power plants connected to the Central Power Department through DISCOM on the National Power Portal of the Central Power Department.
There were suggestions for cooperation with foreign institutions through the training of teachers and students and the development of garment and manufacturing through innovation.
Marcuise N Marak also spoke on the occasion.
The District Council is trying its best to help for the cleanliness of the market by providing vehicles carrying synrum so that the market can be cleaned in collaboration with the Hima Myllien. owner of this market.
The Government of Meghalaya is now considering that it will soon take a decision that those who apply for government jobs should not have computers.
According to the complaint of Siangshai, the suspect entered her house at 5 pm and stole T.10,09,000/-. - This incident happened on the 10th of this month, police said.
Before the confirmation of the new office bearers of the FKJGP South East Khasi Border Circle, a speech was delivered by Bah Rangsan Sohmat, Rangbah Shnong Phlangwanbroi. and Bah Bording Marbaniang Rangbah Shnong Dongshiliang Mawsynram who expressed their happiness and joy through the joining of many youths of the area under the Lama of FKJGP. Indeed, it is a party that has grown in thinking and is also a party that has a vision to shape the future of the nation in which they have shown that on their part as Nongsynshar Shnongs they are who are ready to cooperate with the Leaders of FKJGP South East Khasi Border Circle at any time.
“The government has recognized your hard work in winning the medal but this is not yet the end.
In his speech, the Minister congratulated the Fisheries Department for setting up this fish farm in Garo Hills.
The closing ceremony of the sports meet of the Seng Khasi SSA LP and UP School Lawbah was also attended by parents, elders and management of the school.
I would like to thank all my friends who supported me in the last election (2009) and this time I would like to thank you for your support. meet with me whenever you have time.
While welcoming the members, a Gypsy number ML05-7209 came inside and the people inside the vehicle started shooting, said Shira. “The members of the party do not want to protect their own people if they are clean as alleged by the police,” he said.
The victim was taken to the Corona Care Center at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Dmanson Thongny Morbah, President of the Saw Shnong Development Council, said that the road was constructed since the Assam government in 1971 and has now turned 45 years old. the needs of the people of Mawpud.
He said that amidst many challenges, PACS have shown that they too can work on commercial projects.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 5302, of which 1480 are still in critical condition and the total number of recoveries has risen to The number of confirmed cases has risen to
To thank them for receiving this special law for farmers.
“There are two phases of the construction of the stadium, one phase is the construction of the football ground which has cost about T.50 crore.
At the same time, coal trucks have been banned from parking at the petrol pump at Shangbangla and no more than two coal trucks have been allowed to park at petrol stations. pump if lap will be punished.
On receiving this information, the district administration immediately sent an investigation and found that the incident was true in Shyrmang.
The union also urged the relevant department that such delays in the payment of fees to the students should not happen again in the coming years.
The aim of this club is to train youngsters from the rural areas who have their own talents but do not get the opportunity in other clubs.
The employees of the court should inform the notice of contempt petition to Judge S Kharsyiemlieh.
Prof. Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director IBSD, told reporters that this is the first flower garden in India to have flowers that bloom all year round. long according to the flower beds in other countries of the world.
Shillong, November 23: In just 24 hours, the Christian community will celebrate the birth of the Lord Jesus two thousand years ago.
When you send a message, you use a shympriahkti.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) today decided to ban the transportation of dewbilat from factories in Jaintia Hills. The factories have been given 40 days to pay the price according to the price set by the government.
He said the construction of the roundabout will be supervised by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati and IIT Roorkee.
There are only two candidates for the BJP ticket from 17-North Shillong, M Kharkrang and Michel Kharsyntiew. The party is in all constituencies.
This is an urgent project because if it cannot be done in this difficult time, when there is a lockdown, the KHADC has sent the work to start even if it has not completed the preparations. you're not quick.
The purpose of this research center is to research the customs and traditions of the people of this area. The research center will be opened next year on the birth anniversary of PA Sangma.
Speaking to SP News Agency, David said that the MTDC has handed over to Bah Lessly Shylla. Regarding the contracts of the Managing Director, the fact is that the MTDC has handed over the contract. Mr. Lessly did not respond to the Corporation.
no.8575625050, James Marbaniang Bynther Ph.
“The government gives them (MLAs) because they make their own laws to give themselves, while for us teachers who fight no matter how hard it is,” he said.
Smek Marboh, Rangbah Shnong of Lumkseh, Tribor Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkynring and Kobring Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengngan were defeated in the High Court.
The march started from Ghasura Cultural Center and ended at the Deputy Commissioner's office in Ampati.
We are one with the HSPDP and we are on the same platform where we are working together for the good of the people and for the nation,” he said.
Minister Rangbah Duh spoke about the benefits of the initiatives taken in the field of health and welfare for women.
The IMF also praised the RBI’s steps and its firm stand to bring about price stability.
At this meeting, the ANVC(B) has decided to return to the forest as they don't have a home anymore as before. This is what happened now, and all these things were planned by the authorities.
He urged the Village Authorities to be smart in reading the rules and regulations issued from time to time by the Government of India, the State Government and also the laws issued by the KHADC. “Now we are fighting every day with laws that often violate the rights of the people.
The petition was signed by Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary of the KSU. The petition was signed by Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohlya, said that about 70 houses have been affected by the cyclone. The BDOs in the Block are still taking the census.
The first thing that is needed is to make sure that the swab test is negative and the person who will donate blood must have recovered from the disease.
The new railway was recently inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to operate in West Bengal and the incident occurred between the railway station Malda and New Jalpaiguri.
No casualties were reported in the incident.
Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal through Mebannangkiew Thabah in the final match played at Duliajan, Assam today.
Telugu Desam Party leader Chandrababu Naidu, who won 16 MPs, and Natish Kumar of the Janata Dal United party, who won 12 MPs, have arrived in Delhi to submit a letter of support to the National Democratic government. The NDA will meet in Delhi tonight to discuss the formation of the new government and many other issues related to the BJP. new government.
At this meeting, the elders gave speeches to inform the Chief Minister who is also their MLA about the needs of the Reserved Gittim Zone II.
On the other hand, the JAC cannot accept that there should be up to 22 timber factories and quarries should be boundary stones. instead of four ministers, there are now two, which is also a violation of the constitution of the kingdom.
That in these years the government should build all the doctors' residences in the villages or improve the existing ones.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: A fire broke out at Aramile Market in Tura, West Garo Hills District at midnight and several shops were destroyed.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, a case has been registered against Ram Dhar on charges of murder of Bah Trebor Hinge. .
When contacted by SP News Agency, the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board, said that the details will be announced later.
IRONM37MAWLAI MAWDATBAKI EAST, MAWLAI, SHILLONG – 79300842013-02-0219NATIONALIST CONGRESS PARTYNCPCLOCKM46KENCH'S TRACE, RAID LABAN, SHILLONG-4 JAY3030 BJPLOTUSM52PALA COMPLEX, BISHNUPUR, LABAN LAST STOP, SHILLONG HILLS DISTRICT72013-02-0225UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDPDRUMM48MAWSYNRAM, EAST KHASI HILLS DIST82013-02-0226INDEPENDENTINDF44MOTINAGAR, SHILLONG-3920013ONTION-MSIN.02 BYRONG VILLAGE, EAST KHASI HILLS102013-02-0232HILL STATE PEOPLE Democratic PARTY WEST KHASI HILLS DISTRICT112013-02-0233INDEPENDENTINDDAO, CUP & SAUCER, SCISSORSM33RAMBRAI, RAMBRAI SYIEMSHIP, WEST KHASI HILLS DISTRICT122013-02-0234PECRICHONTYPHILL STATE PO.RIANGDO, WEST KHASI HILLS DISTRICT HILLS DISTRICT142013-02-0236NPPBOOKM40152013-02-0247UNITED DEMOCRATIC PARTYUDPDRUMM37VILL & P.O.NEW BHAITBARI.WEST GARO HILLS, MEGHALAYA1622AL-DBONDLE,PEHIN2-00 ARDM38VILL: GORAMARA, P.O.GAROBADHA, WEST GARO HILLS172013-02-0 TURA182013-02-0250INDEPENDENTINDTABLE, CANDLES, TABLE LAMPM26GENDRAGRE, P.O.COLOR192013-02-0251INDEPENDENTINDTABLE, WANDLES, BATTERY TORCHFREK42,WALBAGOG2 -02-0252BHARATIYA JANATA PARTY BJPLOTSM58GANGA DAMAL, P.O.ARAIMILE212013-02-0 GARO HILLS, 794103222013-02-0256NATIONALIST CONGRESS PARTYNCPCLOCKM38AMINDA RANGSAGRE, P.O.GAMBEGRE, P.S.DOBASIPARA232013-02-0259PARATIONALIST.PARTIORSTIOSFALIST. RA, WEST GARO HILLS, MEGHALAYA242013-02-0260INDEPENDENTIND1.
This year, the BSF has arrested a member of the Bangladesh Tiger Force, a GNLA cadre, 23 Bangladeshis and 10 firearms. distributes its own paud and also to the residents of the country on the border.
First of all, we see that Mukroh has been arrested at Jrikyndeng Police Station, West Karbi Anglong.
He said that the District Council has organized this festival as an opportunity for us to showcase our Khasi culture.
The award winners were Dakynmawlang Warjri who won 1st Class and Distinction in B.E Electrical & Electronics Engineering from Sathyabana Institute of Technology. Science and Technology University, Chennai.
At Lumding railway station, while conducting a patrol in the area, a girl and two boys were rescued after being arrested for investigation and handed over to their families.
Referring to Langkyrdem Constituency, it is a constituency of ethnic parties, but due to internal struggles within the party, the party was defeated by the Congress party in 2009 and also in In 2013, the National League for Democracy (NLD) was defeated due to violence.
MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said the All India Congress Committee has ordered all states in India to protest from the 5th to the 10th of this month. date of this month.
Synrem said that we will visit these places with the investigation team to inspect and investigate these tins.
The KSU will also lay a wreath at the memorial of Bah Bull N. Lyngdoh in Malki.
From Meghalaya too, there are heroes who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N. Sangma and many others.
Shillong, July 03: The injection of piglets has been a great achievement for the government's livestock department in the struggle to ensure the production of meat for its own consumption. the state without relying on other states.
The party is waiting for this day before taking any decision.
The Union Home Minister today stressed that the committee should hold a meeting in November to implement the recommendations. from the first to the eleventh column of the report.
The group of MLAs from Goa and former MLAs from the Union Territory today also met with the Speaker of Meghalaya Dr Donkupar Roy at his office.
On the other hand, the Minister said that initially there will be a shortage here and there as the documents have to be brought to the new office, and also to the villages under the block. new, such as the villages under Selsella, Gambegre, Betasing and Rongram Block.
The Commission was also informed that the royalty is collected by the State Government and is divided between the State Government and the District Councils in the ratio of 25:75 in respect of coal.
According to a complaint lodged by Ency Shadap at Khliehriat Police Station, the suspect was identified as Lucas Rymbai of Ladrymbai (Parma).
At the same time, the Council should have revoked this Order first as it affects not only the Council employees who have been elected as Rangbah Shnongs but also the residents of those villages who have been affected by this problem.
Bah John F Kharshiing, in his speech, urged the people to create channels like TV news channels.
If anyone violates this order to pollute public places or tourist attractions, they will be punished under the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010 under Section 102 of the Meghalaya Police Act, public places shall be subject to this fine.
Public relations has been done at the level of Commissioners and at present the office of the Commissioner is located in Shillong and in Shillong and in all the states of the North East.
She said that with the help of the Ri Bhoi Police, they hope to go to the place where the body was seized so that the remains of the two men can be brought safely to the village where they were buried. stay.
In this regard, he said that the EC in Kato has decided to introduce a bill.
Besides this allegation, the JAC has sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC and alleged that as Lyngdoh he has violated Rule 6 of the Sanat issued by the KHADC. Dated Shillong, the 8March, 1990 in which he was directed to prepare the Budget, the income and expenditure of the Hima every year but according to this RTI he has prepared only 4 years in the last 10 years. year (2010–2020).
The union is ready to assist in relation to the information to register or they can go to the offices of the district labor in each district, said Bah John Lyngdoh in charge of the employees of the union. Shillong, March 22: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today sent a letter to the Secretary of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) requesting to set up a Matric Examination Center in Barato village is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
In the final of the super heavyweight 92kg-plus category, Sagar of Railways and Jaipal Singh of Punjab will face each other.
The meeting will also be attended by the Minister of State for Sports, Nisith Pramanik.
He demonstrated this through the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and the use of toilets.
Don't wait until you have passed Graduate or Post Graduate, get information in advance, so that you can set a goal to take these important examinations,” said Bah Spencer Mylliem.
“As we have stood from the beginning that we will not allow ourselves to lose our land, that is the principle.
In West Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District, the Assam government has been more prominent.
According to the reply of the Minister, 50/50% has been allocated for the Written Test and Personal Interview. violate the rights of the youth,” said the statement.
Shortly after the discovery of this case, a Community COVID Management Committee was set up in the village in which S.Kurkalang, an ASHA, was a member of the committee.
The members of the KSU, after finding out about this family, unanimously decided to donate to this family by building a house.
The vehicles involved in the accident were three Local Taxis and two Toursit Taxis.
At this meeting, it was discussed that there is a need to increase the allocation of funds to the Sainik Welfare Board and to improve its performance by making them up to date and to increase the assistance. sha you are a soldier who doesn't sit down.
On receiving this information, the leaders of the union immediately rushed to the scene and the police also rushed to the scene to stop the incident inside the hostel.
The Prime Minister said that this entry and exit point is the center of all these, the government has ensured that they will implement this point of entry and exit and now training has been given to the people to be at the and at the same time more people will be appointed to look after these places.
On the part of DM Wallang ADC, after opening the training; On the 26th of this month, despite his busy schedule to see the celebration of the Republic Day in the evening, he came to give training to these youths.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Four organizations including the AJYWO Sengkmie, KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone and the Union of Village Rangbah-East Jaintia Hills They held an emergency meeting in Khliehriat this evening after the 12 hour curfew called from 5 am to 5 pm to force the government to repair the NH4
In the first semifinal on Saturday, Umkremdykhong beat Umlakro 4-3 in the tie breaker.
Has the government in the past given land or government residences to the children or relatives of government employees? The people of the state want a grounded explanation on this excessive behavior from the government,” said Dr. Shangpliang.
On the other hand, the management promised to resolve this issue immediately and to issue a new call for applications within a few days through the media.
The festival started today and will end on the 21st of this month.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the money received from abroad is to be used for the construction of tourist attractions and to improve and maintain the tourist attractions. he who had don.
In the letter, John said that he had come to meet the farmers of Mawhati area and they had passed through the Umsning-Jagi Road which connects Umsning, Nongkya, Sohpdok, Raitong, Mawhati and Mawhati. The road from Mawdiengan, Mawhati, Umsohlait, Umtrai to Umsiang and which connects with Jagi Road which is about 80km or less has been destroyed.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, 2017, the Under Secretary of Raj Bhavan, Shillong will open it to the public on the 25th and 26th of this month from 4.00 pm. Pm to 7.00PM to allow the public to enter the residence of the Governor.
The Deputy Speaker of the state said that discussions have been held to build a road from Kolkatta to Mahendrganj in South West Garo Hills for the purpose of promoting trade in the North East. India and Garo Hills will become the gateway to the entire North East.
Most of the money has been transferred to mutual funds for profit.
The 13th Finance Commission of the Union Government has allocated T.3,924 crore for Meghalaya but the government has received only T.2671 crore and the remaining amount is T.1,2 crore.
We are sorry to see that the Government has made a mistake in this choice.
The Cabinet meeting to be held tomorrow morning is to discuss in more detail and to be able to take a decision in the right manner for the better.
He said that more priority jobs should be sought and work should be done to boost investment in the area and solve problems in these jobs.
The deadline for submission of nominations is on the 22nd of this month and the deadline for withdrawal is on the 26th.
In the Junior category, the winners of the gold medal were Gobin Kumar Ray, Rudhra Bdar Chettri and Wansalan Dkhar.
After this speech, Major General Pengiran Dato Paduka also witnessed the training at the school.
Therefore, the party will not hesitate to take action and close down such places which violate and act against the holidays which are special to the Jaidbynriew.
The Central Government through its schemes, has provided more funds to support the implementation of various health related schemes by the States, he added.
L Rynniaw said that the party has also decided to form a group called the National Inclusive Society which will include all the people of the country. long to those who have no members.
What are the schemes that you have promised to provide to this area? “We urge the government through the PWD to immediately complete the cleaning of the road from Sahsniang to Mowluber and especially. to complete the construction of the Kureliya Bridge which was supposed to be completed since 2005.
Regarding this incident, the Chief Secretary and Director General of Police have taken action and have spoken to the Bihar government and also to the authorities in Delhi, especially to the Chairman of the Bihar Police. the Railway Board in Delhi.
The participation of the candidates in the election is based on the participation of the lyngkor.
In this regard, NESO will send a memorandum to the Prime Minister of India and the Governors of various states in the region on the 31st of this month and they will leave for Delhi to meet. Government officials in Delhi and MPs of the constituency, according to a statement sent by the student union.
: The leaders of the two Regional Committees for West Khasi Hills, namely, from Meghalaya led by Bah Paul Lyngdoh as Chairman and from Assam led by Chandra Mohan Patowary, It has decided to visit the areas involved in the border dispute in West Khasi Hills after the end of the Dorbar Lyiur of Meghalaya and Assam.
The presence of these robbers has affected the entire area, such as Moheskola, Khonjoy, Nongjri, Khulang and Bagli.
During the inspection, there will also be a physical inspection of the plants in the areas where the ksainar shiah will be conducted. NBCC and BMC officials who implemented the work.
The party prays to God the Creator to help them all to pass well in their examinations so that they can pass well for themselves, their families, the community and the country and the nation as a whole.
Those who have qualified for the Quarter Final will be selected in stages after being selected. The Semi Final and finally the Final and those who have not been able to enter the auditions in their respective places, can take part in other audition programs in the districts or in Shillong.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: A truck (JK-05H-0666) has caught fire while parked at Jyntru in Ri Bhoi District this afternoon. The incident occurred at about 2.30 pm.
The focus of all the sessions was on learning from each other's experiences to ensure adequate e-governance for the benefit of the citizens and to achieve the goal of the Minister. Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Minimum Government.
The union also requests the Forest Department to immediately demolish the illegally erected temple of other religions on the site of Mahadev Khola and other places that have been illegally erected. illegally on the premises of this department.
“We are happy when new parties emerge that the people can elect but as soon as they emerge they start blaming and we understand that if the church and society is weak it will not only affect here in Meghalaya but it will affect the whole country. Criticizing the BJP, Pala said, “I have received letters from people who have started speaking against various churches.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have strongly condemned the attack on foreigners in Ichamati village. One of the members of the KSU has died in a clash in Ichamati.
North Garo Hills scored 61 runs in the first innings and in the 17th over all the players of North Garo Hills were defeated.
The members of the committee include the Prime Minister, several Ministers of the Manipur Government, MPs, MLAs and political party leaders.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of the construction of the Shillong Medical College by the KPC. There have been many problems regarding the Medical College.
Child marriage causes confusion, temporary differences of opinion, loss of education, affects their health and the future of the nation because school children and students are the pillars of society. .
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC said that it is true that the JHADC has given permission to private individuals to cut down trees from their forests according to the request of the land owners. .
Prestone said his passing away is a great loss to the state and the GSWSS is what it is today thanks to the hard work of Synstar Klas Sunn, as an officer and MLA. contributed significantly within the state.
He said that the people living in the border areas follow the same customs and traditions, live in the same way and eat the same food.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Sohryngkham, who is also the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has spoken to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Bhatt. The 58 GTC gate has caused problems to the residents of Mawshbuit.
He also admitted that there was only one friend who could play for him and later his middle son, Kynsai Maik Syiem who had separated earlier; He has also taught his children to play temsur for songs across the state.
In his address to the people of the country, the President said that the country will grow only if everyone grows, and those who feel that they have been forgotten should be brought to the feeling of being forgotten. one especially in this age of books.
Regarding the promise of the KHADC to build roads to the uranium areas at a cost of Rs 25 crore, the Seng has entrusted this task to the Leaders of the South West Khasi Hills District Unit. to do what is necessary.
Former Odisha MP Kalikesh Narayan Singh Deo has also been elected unopposed as the Senior Vice-President. John F Kharshiing, President, Shooting Association of Meghalaya, was one of the candidates for the post of Vice President.
Preference will be given to those who are fluent in English, Hindi and any other language spoken in Meghalaya and those who have experience and work in such Call Centres.
In particular, the HNLC urges the leaders of the SHNLC not to be too involved in politics but to arrest their own members who fight against the party and violate the rights of innocent people otherwise the HNLC will not be responsible. .
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Twelve persons who tested positive with Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits at the entrance to the state after returning from Chennai have tested positive for RT-PCR. in Negative.
“From Panchayat Bhawans to Parliament, it is the only thing that has led us which is the development of the country and the people of the country.
Shillong, March 22: The Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, James K Sangma today inaugurated the new office of the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) at Lower Lachumiere.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Chairman of the JHADC, Bah AH Darnei, today announced that no candidate has filed his nomination paper except for Violet. was declared victorious without opposition.
Police have completed all the necessary investigations and the investigation is ongoing.
It was found that the toilet was closed before the time when Kong Bindas Syiemlieh arrived to sit in the parking lot.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has ordered that the people should not panic as there will be no shortage of food items during these days. closure.
“The inspection was after the Dorbar Shnong informed us that there are foreigners who come here to trade.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the allocation of accommodation should be based on the report of the HLC as the accommodation should be arranged by the HLC. government where they can move if it is not in the same place.
Shillong, November 11: The 7th Bull N Lyngdoh Memorial Knock Out Football Tournament was organized by the KSU Malki Circle. Unit, Mawlai Circle, Nongthymmai Circle, Sohiong Circle, Tyrsad Circle, Laban Circle, Jaiaw Circle and the Central Executive Council.
Children should not be allowed to drive, vehicles should be driven sufficiently to avoid injury, over parking of vehicles puts pedestrians at risk, to avoid injuries but the rules driving a car.
“The investigation is ongoing and we will ensure that the perpetrators will be brought to justice,” said the SP. Station.
His wife has been admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital.
On this occasion, a special training was given to journalists by a prominent journalist from Mumbai on how to report news in times of trouble and in peace. same.
Shillong, July 24: The HSPDP, the oldest party in Meghalaya, today launched its election manifesto at its office in Laban at 12 noon. and the president of the party, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
About 50 people have suddenly fallen ill in Sohiong and it is suspected that their illness was caused by food poisoning.
On the other hand, he said that in this election, many of the rich have contested the election and won and this shows clearly that the use of money has worked. I didn't win the last election.
The Government has taken several steps to promote investment, production, exports and employment opportunities in sericulture across the country.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, and the Chiefs who were present, requested Shri Mukul Roy, MP to support the demands of the Chiefs. and especially when it comes to discussions in Parliament, especially since the rule in India is now a clean rule.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Bosco Integrated Development Society (BOSC) in collaboration with the Traffic Police Department and the Civil Hospital Shillong has conducted a one day training on how to protect children. person.
On Islam, MSN Hahman, Professor of NEHU and Abdirahhaman Ali Issack from Kenya said that Islam teaches love and unity.
Bah Banshai Marbaniang Chairman Awaken India Movement Meghalaya Unit.
Various civil society organizations in Jaintia Hills today laid flowers in front of the statue of the hero of the country, who dedicated himself to fighting for the liberation of the country from the hands of foreigners. .
Mairang, Nailar 16: The Pawan Han helicopter carrying the Union Minister of State for DONER, Dr Jitendra Singh, crashed after he landed in Mairang to Nongkhlaw to lay flowers to him. The Independence Fighter of the Khasi Hills was Tirot Singh Syiem.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which was held by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, was handed over to Bah AL Hek.
Shillong, November 02: The Parent Association (PAA) will hold a rally to celebrate the Disability Day on the 1st of this month at the SoSo Tham Auditorium.
It is learned that at the time of taking over Nongwah Mawtamur there were 13 villages and now there are 14 villages as one new village has emerged.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: Unidentified persons have shot dead Bah Plestarwell Lawryniang at Wahumsohpieng in West Khasi Hills District. He was injured and taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. care.
He said that although he was defeated in this election, his vote share has increased compared to the Congress in MLA 2018 and MDC
Prof. Noor Topno spoke on the importance of celebrating World Environment Day.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation expects the Government to take the necessary steps to implement the recommendations of all the 13 organizations so that the economic development and income of the State will not be affected only because of the power struggle.
On the other hand, the party clarifies that this news is only an attempt to mislead the public and without truth.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Police of West Khasi Hills District today arrested two persons and seized heroin from Siejlieh Mawiawban after receiving a tip on the presence of drug traffickers.
The confirmation and blessing ceremony was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Lumdiengjri Village Rangbah J Rani together with the members of the EC of the Dorbar Shnong.
Regarding the railway line, the party stands firmly against the railway project of Tetelia-Byrnihat and Byrnihat-Shillong until strong laws are passed to curb illegal entry. authorities and to protect the rights of citizens of the State.
Shillong, July 26: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today in his speech at Madon Polo on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day celebrations, urged the Government of Meghalaya to take responsibility for the change. Publicly announce the Street Vendors Scheme and Act.
On the other hand, the AIM conducted the meeting and there were also speakers from the family members, the public and they also gave their support to the demand of the AIM to be sentenced to life imprisonment. E Jana is a criminal who takes care of his children.
At the time of writing, no information has been received on whether anyone was injured in the incident.
According to information received by SP News Agency from GHADC, the government announcement has reached GHADC and Dr Vijay Kumar will take over as Administrator of GHADC from tomorrow morning. jam that belongs to the Council.
The Government has handed over to the Department of Factory Affairs to implement all the rules and regulations. After completion, they will hand over to the MCCL to look into the rules and regulations. The owners of the Sohra Hima also have a share in this factory.
Shillong, July 18: The AJYWO Central Body on Tuesday urged the state government not to ban the internet as it is too difficult for the people to use the internet properly especially for the students. courses and job seekers without counting other jobs where the people need the internet every day in this technology-internet age.
Recalling the fires that have happened in the past few years, the union said, “It is to be recalled that recently a church in Qualapaty has burnt down and killed two people. they just lost it.
The KSU also demands that the State Government should make public the Aadhar Cards and EPICs of these 11 students whether they are Meghalayans and also from which colleges they have completed their studies,” said the KSU. “The Open Category is for all Meghalayans including the Scheduled Tribes of the state and most of the time, many Khasi have been included in this category which opens the door for others. Khasi people are not included in the Khasi-Jaintia category.
Assam Police, after taking the three suspects to an unknown place, it was found that the suspects, after escaping from the hands of the police, were injured and walking around. Seeing this, the people came out and demanded that the Assam police should release them.
The Krombaroh Primary Unit, President, General Secretary and 27 members.
Tanaw FC took the lead in the first half through a goal before the end of the first half but Na Rympei FC equalized in the second half to equalize in the second half.
In the same way, the Government of Meghalaya has also set up MEEPL because the Government has seen that this is the rapid change in the electricity supply and it is also a part of the need for people who have electricity. special skills.
There are 102 recoveries today, 73 from East Khasi Hills and 20 from West Khasi Hills. there are 81286 people.
The work is going on but the slowness is too much.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) today met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to discuss the demand for promotion of teachers. 844 teachers in Adhoc Upper Primary Schools.
Shillong, March 28: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Victor Ranee, in reply to a question by Opposition Leader Lamphrang Blah regarding the Khasi Heritage Villages in Khasi Heritage Villages. Mawphlang, the EM said that there was no such movement of money.
Even Delhi has learned of their change of color and foundation not only in their language but also in their actions.
The union has also suggested to the DC that the district authorities should provide adequate space for the jhur vendors and others to avoid conflict with the law enforcement agencies and to comply with the law. the Department of Health.
The Co-Chairman, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA, concluded the meeting by directing that the Working Group-Ix will convene another meeting to discuss in more detail the above issues. .
Furthermore, the Seng has informed the Minister to urge the Forest Department which has set up a tax collection gate at Mookyndur village not to collect taxes from the vehicles carrying agricultural products from War Jaintia to the country. Shillong and also to the JHADC as the payment of taxes by the farmers through these gates affects the income of the farmers.
During the four-day meeting, they will discuss on illegal activities on the border and how to work together to curb these illegal activities, the challenges they face in relation to the development projects of the two countries. countries meet at the border and to resolve problems.
“The purpose of the JETS 24×7 is to provide services to the public by operating motorcycles through the Mobile Application App in Meghalaya. license from the State Government through the Transport Department,” said the petition.
“The Reservation Policy does not end only with Government jobs, but as many of the private sector jobs in the state are one of the reasons why the Government should take more care in terms of employment. benefit the youngsters " arden said.
From time to time, the Prime Minister has spoken in relation to the rule issued by the Mining and Geology Department which the Prime Minister himself holds.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare urged everyone to work together in the fight against drugs, and stressed that there is a need to improve and recognize the villages. Defense Party in the villages.
On the other hand, the union invites all the people to attend so that on that day this treatment will be held for them.
However, there are many unemployed people especially in the rural areas of the country, who may not have the minimum education, but are intelligent and talented.
Last year's HarGhar Tiranga campaign was a success and this year there will be a bigger programme, 'Meri Maati Mera Desh' under the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, he said.
He said that regarding MeSEB, the government has taken a decision quickly because there is a profit while the teachers under the education department have not been able to speak because it is a department that has only expenses. said Mayborn Lyngdoh.
The Board Meeting also had the opportunity to discuss how to bring many benefits and development activities to the martial arts Kickboxing in the North East and even in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, he as an MLA has written to the Chief Secretary of the State Government to provide assistance to these people who have lost their lives in the coal mining project. also to the DC as a reference.
This program was organized by the SELD Committee of the Presbytery.
Tura, Nailar 30: The Garo Students Union (GSU) today morning closed down the two offices of MeECL and PWD in Baghmara. The government has not listened to their demands for many months.
Shillong, Nailat 01: The President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), Bah Commander Shangpliang, has urged the government not to urge the army troops not to come to buy jhur from the jhur market at Anjalee Parking Lot. Because the people are afraid to see that they are coming during this time of COVID-1
June 2007 during which the people have taken a decision to oppose uranium and the developments that come with the plans to mine uranium.
Other news reports said that the reason for the shortage of funds for 2012 is that the Meghalaya government has not been able to issue Utilization Certificates, as is the case with many of the schemes. The government has not been able to complete the funds allocated in the past years.
Ashok Das has lodged a complaint with the police that on the evening of 21st June, robbers stole his dumper truck (ML-05S 4141) from Bholaganj, Majai.
According to reports from Tura, nine prisoners inside the jail have tried to escape by cutting the nar bars at the place where they were detained.
: Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak has alleged that gas distributors through the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) are demanding money from poor gas consumers in some parts of Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the youth union has received a reply from the Rangbah Shnong that there are only about 10 foreign workers, while in fact there are more than 20 foreign workers and it is not known where they live.
The perpetrators should be punished immediately.
These competitions were initiated by the International Union of Physiological Sciences.
The ritual was performed by the three kurs and 11 kurs of the Raid Mylliem, with a knia ka khriam, white goats without marks, iong pigs without marks and cows to thank and worship. according to the customs of the kingdom and the raid.
Union Minister of State for Coal and Mines Satish Chandra Dubey said the PM-Kisan Samman Nidhi scheme is a sign of the continuation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's commitment to for the welfare of the farmers.
On the other hand, the party will stand firm but will fight against this action of the government.
When we turn to our own nation, we see that our fellow citizens cultivate many kinds of crops and their crops vary from one place to another according to the climate.
In this regard, the KSU Laban has expressed its strong opposition to this. The first reason is that the Dorbar Shnong has not given any permission.
Many of these small businesses are in the manufacturing, repair, trade and service industries, and many of these businesses are owned by one person or another.
On the other hand, the Under Secretary said that the rule has been posted on the website of the state government. They cannot be sent to the Government on or before 11th June
“You will be surprised that in Shillong alone there are 4 to 5 cases of domestic violence lodged every day at the police station and every day, 3-4 accidents happen in Shillong and when “We are investigating into the incident, the cause is drugs and alcohol,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
Through this Engagement group, views from the G20 countries will be received and presented.
In his speech, Bah Meralbon said that when he was invited by the party to open this jain factory, he was happy to hear such good works.
Baiahunlang Makdoh is a government officer of PWD department who retired on 30th June 2022 and after his retirement he has decided to enter politics. On the same day, the UDP welcomed 18 members who joined the party including 15 former leaders of the party. The Confederation of Ri Block Congress Committee (CORP) led by Bah Doris Sulein and Bah F. Jalong together with 13 former members of the CORP. Sunn, Adhoc President of UBCC, Bah Ibanjop Rynghang, Asst.Sec Youth Congress Umroi and Bah Lumlang Lamarai, Vice President Youth Congress Umroi.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The death toll from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 945 so far, the death toll has risen to Four deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi and one from South West Khasi Hills.
The body will be laid to rest at the home of the Archbishop.
The arrest of the suspect is part of the police's efforts to curb prostitution in the state.
This led to the establishment of the Fast Track Special Courts (FTSCs).
It will encourage the strong spirit of our freedom struggle, and will recognize every citizen as the goal of the country.
Tura, Iaiong 14: Two GNLA members were killed and several others injured in a clash between police and GNLA militants at Koksi village in East Garo Hills. Police of Meghalaya.
The 108 Emergency Service Ambulance from Byrnihat and Nongpoh rushed to the scene to take the injured to hospital. The injured were identified as Sarosh Islam, Rajiv Watson and Rajit. Shakmak and Udaoi Mandal.
In a statement sent by its Chairman, Bah Samuel B. Jyrwa, NESO said that this has threatened the entire North East in the coming days.
The football match was held between Shillong Press Club Press XI and the office of the Chief Electoral Officer (Election XI). The tournament was held at the MFA Ground in Polo and the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlng was the chief guest on the occasion. you're playing.
The drivers of the truck were identified as Passang Dorji and Jity Kami.
In a statement, the DMC of Mawkyrwat said that the DMC of Mawkyrwat has sent a letter to the Union on 15th June this year. After a meeting with the members of MSSASA on 23rd July this year, he informed that the office of the DMC SSA-SEMAM, Mawkyrwat has issued an order and directed all the managing committees of the MSSASA. SSA schools in Ranikor and Mawkyrwat Block to immediately stop the payment of salaries of SSA teachers which they have done all the time in cash.
Fourth – Download the Arogya Setu Mobile App to help prevent the spread of corona virus.
Other IOC officials who were present on the occasion were Ashim Paul Chowdhury, Manager Retail Sale, IOC and Aloke Marandi, Assistant Manager Retail Sale, IOC. .
The most tragic was the incident of a pregnant woman, along with her family, who were in a white tourist car that was going to the hospital.
This is an attempt to connect the airports with the Advanced Landing Grounds (ALGs) in the North East.
The deceased was between 35 and 40 years old. He was a white man. If anyone knows, They can visit the morgue at CHC Mawkyrwat.
Aryan Borah led the way with the best figures of his young career.
To date, Kong Minimon Laloo has written and published 59 books including Novels, Biria, Drama, Poetry, Short Stories and other non-fiction books related to Culture, the Lehniam and the General Knowledge books.
The LCSs under construction in Meghalaya are Dalu and Gashuwapara.
"In 2018, the number of rape cases in India has reached more than 2 lakh but in 2019, the number of rape cases has reached more than 4 lakh. “Therefore, we urgently need strong laws to curb the increase in rape in India,” said Balawan Suchiang. “Therefore, we urgently need strong laws to curb the increase in rape in the country,” he said.
He congratulated the residents who have embraced the Mahotsav to commemorate the 75th Independence Day of the country.
At this meeting, a report was presented that there are 351 rivers which have been polluted. There are 7 rivers in Meghalaya which are Wahumkhrah, Umsherpi, Kyrhohkhla, Nonbah. , Umtrew, Luke and Myntdu.
According to a government statement issued today signed by Bah Cyril.
During the inspection, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh had the opportunity to meet with the farmers who came to sell their vegetables at the market who expressed their concerns in various ways. On his part, as the Minister of Agriculture, he promised to take action to create the necessary conditions for the welfare of the farmers as the agricultural products delivered to the market have been found to be high. These are the products brought by farmers from Pomlakrai and other neighboring areas of Mylliem and Nongkrem Constituencies.
After stepping down as MLA of Ampati, Dr Mukul congratulated the people who have elected him seven times from the constituency.
This decision was taken at a Cabinet meeting held today. The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Food and Beverage Distribution Department will prepare all the necessary documents to implement the project. this scheme.
Shillong, November 15: Congress spokesperson Zenith Sangma MLA has questioned on what basis the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDC) has given permission to Sanjay A Sangma to collect money from coal trucks in North Garo Hills. on the NH-6
Fellow citizens, whether it is a five trillion economy or self-sufficiency, we are still following the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi which are still in force.
We would like to remind you that the MDA government should immediately meet with the Governor and if the Governor does not release them, they should go to Delhi to talk to the Home Ministry and the Union Cabinet. “We don't know but we want to see that this should be implemented while the talks on the ILP are ongoing,” he said.
Shah said the drainage management should be an important part of the road construction plans to avoid flooding of roads in case of floods.
He said that people should adopt a lifestyle that emphasizes health and should exercise regularly.
“There are eight MDCs of the UDP. I have not heard anything (that they will support the NPP-led EC).
The winners of the men's race were Synsharlang Wahlang, Jomsingstar Ramsiej and NP Singh, Pynhun Shullet, Dateibankynmaw Marwein and Bandasharai Marwein.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (KYA) has expressed its full support to the Khasi Author's Society (KYA) to demand that the Government of India should recognize and include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of the country. as a nation we needed too much.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Thongni, said that if the government cannot stop the construction of the road by the Assam government to Meghalaya, the party will not hesitate to take the road. to block the construction of roads in Assam.
Violet was welcomed to the NPP by party president Dr WR Kharlukhi in the presence of party officials.
The Government will approve the construction of a Police Outpost at Athiabari in West Khasi Hills District, while the Police Outpost at Patharkhamah in Ri Bhoi District will be upgraded to a Police Station and a Police Outpost will be set up at Kynshi. It is located in the Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“I hope one day, groups like BTS will come to perform in this city,” said Bong-Kil.
These programs affect the stability of the country.
If you look at other states, like Mizoram has the ILP and the Sixth Schedule and as it is now, even Arunachal Pradesh has decided to bring it under the Sixth Schedule. compared with others, you don't have to give to one, you don't have to give to others.
On the other hand, the police said that to fight against this crime, the cooperation of the people is needed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that they don't want to talk about this road because it is still under discussion. There was no opportunity to talk about these roads in Khasi Hills which have caused strong opposition from the civil society.
The meeting was attended by the President of the party Conrad K Sangma , the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and the National General General Secretary of the NPP to the Union Home Minister.
Those who have violated the curfew and traveled during this period will be quarantined for at least 14 days in government quarantine facilities.
The Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that when asked whether they will bring the issue in the House, they don't have any confidence in the NPP-led government. The people want the parties in power to come and the party congress is ready to support them.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The implementation of the Containment Measure in Shillong has reached its third day today, as people have listened to the government's request. Iewduh is closed and there are few people walking and standing in Shillong.
On the other hand, the new Speaker of the House promised to provide training to the new MLAs as they expressed during their welcome speech.
He also reminded them of the commitment of parents to improve and complete their studies and said that the day they themselves come forward in their studies is the day. that they may curse their parents.
They said that even if they are impartial, it is wrong to introduce the KHADC Act 1959 which prohibits them from expressing their views on the rules and regulations issued by the District Council, Government. The State, or the Government of India, is not governed by party based politics.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the state, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that they are still investigating the answer of those people who seized the money. nothing to prove the money.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several residents of the area expressed their regret that the government has treated the school with contempt just to cover the roof of the school. The education of school children in this village on the border with Bangladesh has been suspended.
The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong Killing and other members of the MPSO. the bones and trees of the nation shall not be destroyers.
The Mawlong Church invites and invites all the members of the Church, the children of the Church who are no longer in the Church after they have registered elsewhere to attend the 100th Anniversary Service. Secretary of the Centenary Jubilee Committee of the Church to take part in the celebration and to hear what the servants of God will proclaim. , Bah Remington Syiem, said that letters have been sent to the children of the church who are former members of the church to attend the service and added that if they have not received the letter However, they would like to take this message as an information, lest they not arrive for unavoidable reasons, but an attempt has been made to reach every former member of the Church who has been involved with the Church for many years.
Another match was between Justerwell Jyrwa in the middleweight category 71-75kg against Abhishek Shaw of Bengal.
“Former President of the NPP Women's Front, Kong P.Nongpluh, said, “As party workers, we are happy that Kong Ampareen has been able to carry the burden.
VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that as a leader of the people, he has urged the state government departments such as the Water Supply Department (PHE) and the Shillong Municipal Board to Please work hard because your duty is to provide good services to the people especially in terms of water supply.
We as the union have seen the hard work of the staff of this hospital but the negligence and lack of attention of the government is one of the problems that the staff and the people of the area face at such times.
At this meeting, the states of the North East have shown that the region has the opportunity to attract wealthy people to come and set up their own businesses. .
The increased participation of OBCs and SCs in taking out these loans in the past shows the prevalence of this scheme.
The meeting was led by the President of the party, Bah Roykupar Synrem. Speaking to reporters, he said that the party has found for six months that the illegal houses have been destroyed. there are between 80 and 100 households.
After the lehniam from the head of the market of the Raid Mylliem, the slaughter of the female goat and the sacrifice of the khriam at Basa Tympew in the presence of the children of the Raid Mylliem.
He congratulated the Health Care authorities for their contribution to the residents of the area in terms of treatment or medicines for the treatment of illnesses.
“This does not mean that I have become a hater and I despise other fellow residents, but it is a pity that their livelihood (people in Them Iewmawlong) is very poor.
Shillong, July 08: The Assembly Secretariat of Meghalaya has arrested Bah Julius Dorphang, Independent MLA of Mawhati.
The Vice President of the MPYC, Samla Banphira Basaiawmoit, in an interview with the media, said that the celebration of this day will be to introduce the youth in Meghalaya and in the country. The whole of India has the spirit of serving the society, to develop Meghalaya in all aspects.
The birth certificate of a student named Md Mahmadul Islam was received in 2012 to show that he is a citizen of Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated a two-day training for officers of the Revenue Department of the State Government at the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Conference Hall, Shillong. There is still a lot of tax due through GST.
He said that Meghalaya has a beautiful nature, many resources which can develop the state. He urged the people to work together to develop the state in all aspects. court you roi you par.
In his speech, MS Rao said that this honor to the trees is the honor of the people.
According to sources, SP News Agency said that according to the documents, they were from Dimapur.
On the other hand, those who attended the ceremony included Donald V Thabah, KSU General Secretary, Shemphang L Mawphlang, KSU Litigation Secretary, Eric Nongkynrih and members of KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
Although the members were sent, they could not visit the Chairman at the hospital because the hospital authorities did not allow it.
With the death of Swu, Thuingaleng Muivah has now become the only leader of the NSCN (IM) in Nagaland. The NSCN (K) which is still in Myanmar and does not have a strong body.
As of March, 2019, there are 1838 CNG stations distributing CNG with a capacity of 34.54 lakh CNG vehicles in the country.
The Seng strongly condemns the membership of MPDCL and the inability to pay hundreds of crores of rupees to NEEPCO which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the State.
On the occasion, Bishop Andrew R Marak said that as Christians we should have the spirit of love and the spirit of helping each other as fellow human beings.
Dr Mukul said that all these things have been done because of the involvement of politicians and this is against the rules of the Meghalaya Police Act what do you not hear?
At the same time, he was one of those who took part in the development of the District Council. During the meeting, CEM Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem gave his blessings to the District Council. Dr. DD Lapang, and announced the services, the contribution he made during his time in politics.
Police have recovered two vehicles, 12 mobile phones and 6 SIM cards from these five persons. only the spirit of the bar.
Ed training and NIOS to attend the meeting to get detailed information and explanation.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Chief Engineer of PWD (Road) Bah L Passah today said that it is true that the new bridge which is under construction from East Garo Hills today collapsed. he died soon after and 15 others were injured.
The ability to enrich the study of the Khasi subject will also build up the nation which is struggling for recognition to include the Khasi language in the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.
James K Sangma said.
Strengthening the implementation of the law on international cooperation and information sharing to combat corruption' and 'strengthening the recovery process in relation to corruption '.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its shock and dissatisfaction with the troll spread on social media by unknown persons who intend to spread the news. MEPA Senior Member Patricia Mukhim.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Nehemaya Tyngkan expressed his pleasure to be able to take part with the students, teachers and members of the organization in such an important programme.
Shillong, July 14" The National Domestic Workers Movement (NDWA) Meghalaya today demanded that the state government should include all domestic workers under the Minimum Wages Board. your needs.
When asked, Babu Shadap said, “In the past 30 years, as an organization, what we can do is when teachers face any problems especially when teachers are dismissed without cause, some teachers have their salaries cut too much.
Maligaon, Naitung 09: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway has seized smuggled goods worth T.28.45 lakh from the railway this month. 18 people were involved in these illegal activities.
Charlie said that their visit was only to encourage the people of the area but when they reached Mawlasnai they did not allow them.
There will also be a variety of games such as car racing, rud shyiap games, and entrance fees for those who come to this festival.
“Regarding the Reservation Policy, it is necessary to look into it, to analyze it and to see how it will be for our people,” he said.
All those who wish to receive the proposed amendment to the Sixth Schedule are requested to obtain a copy from the office of the Dorbar Syiem Syiem Mylliem Hima.
The headmaster of the school, Bah Brailian Lyngdoh, said that he is pleased that this high-speed internet will be of great help to the students.
He said that he has submitted a petition to the government and the government is ready to consider the establishment of a Civil Sub Division in Ranikor which falls under South West Khasi Hills District. as an MLA he is committed to the welfare of the people.
Shillong, November 28: A team of 15 Navy personnel left Visakhapatnam today by military helicopter and are currently in Guwahati. people have died from the floods.
It may be recalled that the Prime Minister at the MDA meeting said that the construction will not be completed in the first month of November 2020 and will be opened in the same month.
Speaking to media in Shillong, Mathew Anthony also criticized the increase in the price of beverages, the injustice to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and other backward communities.
It was held at the Community Hall Mission Compound.
The new Bill was passed in accordance with the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD), in which India is also one of the signatories to the UN Declaration. the signatory shall implement and ensure that this Act does not operate in a proper manner to protect persons with disabilities.
The state has up to 500,000 farmers who have 100 days bill cards. If all of them participate in this project, it will help to improve their income.
Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala was born on 12/07/1951 in Mawlai Phudmawri. He joined the Silesian Order and was ordained on 19/11/1 on 02/04/2000 to visit the Archdiocese of Shillong.
When four MDCs in KHADC join the NPP, the number of NPP MDCs will increase to 12. Those who won the elections from the party are 7, said Bah Lamphrang. Blah has increased to eight MDCs and with the addition of four more MDCs, the NPP will have 12 MDCs in the 30-member Assembly.
These four youths include Deacon Barnabas Syiem of Umden Parish and Deacon Jeffree Kharkongor of Laitkor Parish who are members of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco.
After the speech, there were many games according to the customs and traditions of the people and the places of the land.
Hundreds of people have arrived at the venue to witness the performance which has been attended by all the spectators.
We are like a bseiñ when we hear the decision of MLA Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Dorbar Shnongs.
On the other hand, the Khasi Seng Kmie has followed all the guidelines laid down by the government regarding the prevention of COVID-1
In Meghalaya, the day was celebrated in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS).
(iv) State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF): Out of the allocation of T.182.43 crore, the Government has released T.51.58 crore during the year, leaving T.130.85 crore unused at the end of the year. year 2022-23.
Shllong, November 23: The Kisan Morcha of the BJP in Meghalaya has celebrated the Farmers' Day by distributing fertilizers in Umroi Constituency of Ri Bhoi District. .
He said the Northeast, which was struggling with various problem caused by ethnic, linguistic, border and extremist groups, also got the beginning of a fresh and durable era of peace in these 10 yearsThe home minister said if these 10 years for the Northeast are compared with the 75 years after the country's independence, then this decade will definitely be considered as the golden period for the region.
The initiatives taken by the government are MGNREGS, CM-Elevate, Prime Programme, Focus, Focus+, Mission Mood Programs in Agriculture, Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project, Chief Minister's Youth Centre, National Rural Livelihood Mission and Skills Meghalaya.
At the same time, the FKJGP urges all the Circles and Units within the border of North Khasi Hills to be vigilant against the illegal entry of foreigners. and at the same time to work harder and harder.
The General Secretary of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee and Delhi MLA Manjinder Singh Sirsa today arrived in Shillong to see the situation of the Sikh community after the clashes. in the city from Wednesday.
To strengthen the prohibition and detection of Benami transactions to prevent the spread of Benami transactions.
Since the arrival of the ballot box from Delhi to the state, it has been kept inside a special room of the Assembly and has been searched by the police to ensure that there is no incident until it is removed. it was the day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today brought back the government's decision to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India adopted by the House as a whole.
The Primary Unit was attended by 33 members.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah MK Dkhar IG of the State Police Department today informed that the examination for the post of Fireman, Driver Fireman, Driver Constable will be held on 3rd and 7th October
The program was attended by the players and their coaches.
On this occasion, the Governor also met with the officers of the District to discuss the development works implemented in the District. which have been implemented in the District.
In order to protect the rights of the Trai Ri , Trai Muluk from being violated by these Dewbilat Factories which come from abroad just to steal the wealth that Mother Nature has blessed us , the EJNC fully supports the protest of The JHTOA will start from today 6/12/2
Those who live there should understand, surprisingly in these days this issue has been raised as one of the issues to discriminate against the people and as an issue it seems to insult anyone, this is not that, this is just a threat. those who work with the government and provide adequate accommodation elsewhere.
The Minister said that one unexploded bomb was seized from the house of one of the suspects and the image of them was clear from the CCTV footage. They were arrested according to the photographs received and the bomb recovered from the house was also arrested.
On the 23rd of this month, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, will be the Chief Guest and will also be the closing ceremony. A CH Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy, was also present.
On this occasion, a meeting was held, where the flag of the Seng Khasi was raised by Rgh.O.Pyngrope, Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie. Kongsan by spooning you.
The incumbent Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, took over as Governor of Tripura in 2018. Before coming to Meghalaya, he was the Governor of Tripura.
Speaking to media after the opening of the House, Bah Teinwell said it was the action of the Speaker of the House. who can think that he will turn away?
The CoRP has congratulated him for his ability to pass the Class XII examination as a sign of encouragement and encouragement to him to continue his studies with a spirit of knowledge of man, knowledge of God and encouragement. to avoid bad habits which can destroy the lives of the youth and hope that through this victory of his to come forward will encourage other students of the area to work hard and diligently in the field of education. education in the coming years to bring glory to the village and the Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
N Parien President JSU and others.
Therefore, while the government is delaying, the KSU will continue to build houses to increase the number of Khasi.
In fact, they have talked about nominating candidates with the consensus of the INDIA party. If the Congress claims that the TMC has already announced all the 42 MP constituencies in West Bengal, the Congress has done it first.
It is to be recalled that in 1994-95, the Assam Government had moved its Battalion Out Post from Umpawiang to Khanduli (Lumpyrdi) despite the strong opposition of the residents of this area. The outpost is still in existence.
On the other hand, the Hima said that all those who come should maintain the cleanliness and sanctity of the Lawkyntang and should follow the rules issued by the state government and the Hima Mawphlang Lyngdohship.
“Now the country is moving forward and celebrating its success,” Narendra Modi said.
During the meeting, the Minister of Home Affairs said that all these discussions will be reported to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma who will arrive in Shillong tomorrow morning. Regarding the arrest of these people, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the arrest is for the perpetrators and not for the members of the KSU. He said that at this meeting they demanded from the Minister of Home Affairs that the government should expedite the convening of the talks because in democracy, while the talks are delayed, all these things will fail.
The JYF Seng Kmie in a spirit of love and humility expresses its gratitude to you the children of Seinraij for your progress in relation to the Behdein Khlam festival. .
On the other hand, NESFAS has seen that through the knowledge it has gained, it has been able to fight against poverty through traditional farming methods to feed its children and itself even though the village in Laitsohpliah is a water shortage area. The Seng believes that in this motherhood she has wonderful hands, as she has contributed a lot to teach traditional agriculture in the production of good crops.
The union would like to express its gratitude to the District Medical and Health Officer West Jaintia Hills District Jowai for conducting this random testing program which has been conducting smoothly and which has helped us a lot. The organization and especially to the few people who have had the opportunity to take part in this programme.
The chief guest, Bah H.Kerwood Thabah, ADC, West Khasi Hills said that the information of the electorate and their participation in the election process is important in democracy.
On the other hand, the President said that he hopes that the Uttarakhand government will be able to provide assistance to the people in such a tragic incident. protection of mankind.
Shillong, July 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today refused to answer a question from the SP News Agency regarding the Governor's proposal to close down the CMJ University.
During their stay in Meghalaya till 11th July, 2023, they will also visit West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi district to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: BSF today seized a large quantity of sarees and ktung tyrkhong from Umsyiem village on the border with Bangladesh.
Under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Plan, 389 towers have been approved to serve 534 villages in three districts of Garo Hills where they will receive 4G mobile signal. Kaushal Vikas Yojana, so far 20,151 people have been trained to create job opportunities.
On 15th November 2021, an order was issued that only those factories that have received the CTO can open and operate coal mines, on 28th November 2021, a petition was issued that those factories that have not received the the CTO that they closed.
This order shall come into force immediately until the end of the election process.
On the same day, a free health check-up was also conducted for the employees and family members of the employees of the Raj Bahvan to ensure the health of the Governor's residence.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has decided to demand that the CAA should be withdrawn from the entire state.
All SSA teachers were advised not to take part in the strike.
By this point Sawmer were looking a little nervous and their passing a little more erratic.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Shillong Public Transport Authority (UDA) has issued a written notice to the drivers of Shillong Public Transport Service vehicles today to stop and drive vehicles. When contacted by SP News Agency, the leaders of the SPTS vehicles, who are known to be four vehicles, said that the drivers of the SPTS vehicles. Government vehicles don't want to fight against the government and haven't decided to stop working.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Banlum Tariang, Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawklot who is also the BLO. Bah M.Nongneng, Rangbah Shnong Mawklot, has congratulated all the youth who will be the electors of the Leaders in the coming years.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) was incorporated into the society through Act XII in
Regarding the demand to buy coal at T.6000 per tonne, they cannot do so because the price in the market is lower than what they have set and there are demands that have been challenged. The JHCMA has said that the operation of dewbilat companies in Jaintia Hills has been completed.
Manipur was annexed to India by force, Meghalaya was annexed to India through the Instrument of Accession and many other princely states and territories have been annexed to India,” he said. .
Everyone is encouraged to attend this celebration to make it a success and a fruitful one.
He said that the SDO has charged about T.3600 for four days to the polling officers at each polling station and this is illegal.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid, said that today they will prepare a letter to be signed by all three districts and tomorrow they will send it to the NLC on 13/7/2 The NLC has scheduled to receive the applications on 14/7/2023. The three District Councils want the applications to arrive before that date.
Referring to the suspension of works at the border, the Prime Minister said that 99% of the works have gone smoothly without any disruption. It has taken the initiative to talk to the Assam government.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister congratulated the ADB for allocating funds for the construction of these schools. It is for this reason that the government has put the education department at the forefront.
There are 23 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 21 in East Khasi Hills and 2 in West Khasi Hills.
He added that there is no shortage of oxygen in any state in the North East and some of them are still short of equipment due to the timely delivery of equipment last year.
Work is underway to include the Pasteur Institute in this list.
India has a key role to play in bringing peace to the world.
The meeting will be held at the Club Hall, Pyndenumiong, Mairang, Hima Nongkhlaw Syiemship, on the 19th August 2014, at 11 am to get clarification on this important day. .
He said it is necessary to inform the Special Peoples Parliament and the children of the thousands of the success and victory of the three sessions of the Dorbar Ri for the first time since The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) issued a judgment on 26 April 2012, amending the provisions of the Annexed Agreement dated 17 August 1948, under Article 338 of the Constitution of India. direct the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India to take the necessary measures to implement these commitments agreed by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States.
The JSM would like to express its appreciation and congratulations to the people of the public meeting for holding this public meeting. Therefore, this Public Meeting has shown that the authority of the people is united and they are the ones to empower this meeting. the table is given to the people to accept the decision.
During his tenure as MLA, Rowell Lyngdoh has been a Minister of State and held various government departments. when you become your MLA.
He promised the people of the country that in this third term, the Government will work three times harder and achieve three times more results.
A meeting of all the UDP candidates was also held at the residence of the party president Dr Donkupar Roy.
To help the rural economy, employing industries in rural areas including food services, road construction, irrigation services, construction of building structures and factories in rural areas.
Startups are expected to oversee the innovation and improvement of products, service offerings, processes and play a significant role in economic growth and sustainable development .
Shillong, March 03: Five former MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today congratulated the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. the recovery of the old age pension as directed by the Khashari.
Police said that someone had taken a picture of the child while they were on their way to the police station and had spread the picture in the media. The child in which the police have forbidden to do so should not do so because it will affect the child.
In this regard, NEEPCO has no choice but to implement the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission's order not to supply electricity to MePDCLMePDCL if it does not pay the bill before 20/0 03/2021.
Other government officials who attended the function included RS Chatterjee, Deputy Secretary, Rural Development Department, Ryntathiang, Under Secretary Rural Development Department, GS Lyndem COO, DDU-GKY; Shillong, June 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the celebration of Civil Services Day 2018 at The meeting was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
After the final hearing of the case, the court convicted Kyrshanlang after finding sufficient evidence and sentenced him to imprisonment for up to nine years with a fine of T.5000 thousand. and to pay the fine, the prison shall be extended for six months.
On the part of KJBWA led by Bah G Warlarpih, the meeting discussed their desire to set up a cow market in Byrninat.
Many of those who applied did not receive their forms at all. This has prompted the Seng to demand that the number of application forms be increased from 500 to 1000, and also to extend the date of submission of forms. .
U Bah Syiem also urged the doctors inside the Civil Hospital not to send too many patients from the Civil Hospital to private hospitals. has received many complaints from the public on this issue.
On the ruling side, SG Esmatur Momini, Lambor Malngiang, Samlin Malngiang, Saleng A Sangma, Gavin Michael Mylliengngap, Rakkam A Sangma, Nujorki Syngoh and Sanbor Shullai spoke in support of the government.
Shillong, July 23: To understand the majority of the children of Bri Hynniewtrep, we would like to explain that the Khasi rule is the best compared to other rules in the world.
New Delhi, July 25: The Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday approved the amendment to Article 280 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. .
He said that the construction of the 41.527 km road to Mawmaram has already allocated T.15 crore from the World Bank. NEPA has allocated T.64 crore for Mawmaram.
The police department has informed all to be vigilant on this information and to take immediate action. To prevent this from happening again, the police have ordered to strengthen the intelligence agencies. Police Stations to Police Beat Houses to ensure that all security measures are taken.
The proposal to hold a Joint Retreat Ceremony at ICP Dawki has been in the media and it is still awaited.
In a statement sent to the media, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that according to the Office Memorandum (OM) issued by the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pension in and by 2022, all central government offices have been directed to recruit not more than 50 percent of the state residents in central government departments in the states where the offices are located for posts. Group C and Group D. “This is the OM issued by the Executive Department of the Central Government which has clearly stated regarding the appointment in Group C and Group D,” said the HYC Leader. appointment shall be based on the population of these states.
In a statement sent by Banjop War, General Secretary of the KSU, said, “We would like to clarify to the public that on that night some members of the KSU Lumshyiap Unit went to arrest foreigners. KSU Lumshyiap Unit does not want to leave the country without proper documents and without the permission of the village. bor you law.
He expressed his surprise to learn that until today the Dorbar Khasi States have not appeared clearly in the Constitution of India.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District in a statement issued today said that due to the REMAL cyclone, all schools have been directed to avoid any incident. unfortunately.
He said that the members of the KSU are not insurgents but they are only students and they have their own households and urged the police when they need the members of the KSU to be ready to come. forward at any time.
If the drafters of the Constitution pass by, “then what shall we the party members and workers do? Members of the Jirang Block who are not aware of the secret intention of this Rangbah to join the Congress party and that is that the Independent MLA of Jirang, Bah Lambok Mylliemngap has an intention to join the Congress party. to destroy the old Jirang Block Congress,” he said.
North Korea has its own almanac, which is different from the one used by the rest of the world, known as the Juche calendar.
Champion has been charged under Section 121 IPC of forming an armed group against the country and also as a spy, instigator, instigator, leader or knowingly of the GNLA. it can also be involved in other illegal activities in the state.
The Minister said that this has already been paid but the payments are still high as the work is in progress and the bills are still coming. can be implemented for the benefit of the state.
The construction of good roads should be completed immediately.
The meeting was held at Lawmali Dorbar Hall today. They were welcomed into the party by Shillong City President Wanlamphang Kharmujai and party candidate Ransom Sutnga.
The complaint also demanded that the government should deploy police in the area to prevent these incidents, said Bah Michel.
He said that he is blessed because he has worked in the North East of India.
“My personal opinion on the ILP is that there should be a team to study this issue which has nothing to do with politics while it is still in existence. political relations will not be able to get a proper report".
West Khasi Hills 3 cases, Ri Bhoi 50, West Jaintia Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 13, South West Garo Hills 4, West Garo Hills 15, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills 2 people.
Shillong, November 18: The Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong have accepted the request of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills not to close the roads during the cleanliness drive this year. .
This 5 pm curfew has resulted in the youths who have applied for the job having to leave their homes at 3 or 4 pm and this is a difficult place to get a car. To reach only those who have a car at home and others who do not have a car have to pay a high price.
After the state government announced that it has appointed a special committee headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State to receive the views of various political parties, while the government has appointed a special committee headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. is temporarily suspending the planting.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister promised the SSA teachers that they will receive their salary which is their share.
Tura, July 20: East Jaintia Hills District has won the top spot among the districts in the 5th Meghalaya Games Cycle Competition held in Tura.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has said that the Citizenship Amendment Act will not apply to the areas under the Article 3 of the Constitution of India but work is ongoing to strengthen the three Autonomous Districts. The Council is located in the state of Meghalaya.
The KSU also requests the students to send their names, course contents, registration number and departments so that the KSU can send more detailed information to the KSU. Shillong, Nailar 08 : The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on 8th July, 2023 has submitted a letter to the Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya, A. Sangma demanded that the government should also open the Shillong Campus after the inauguration of Captain Willamson A. Sangma University in Tura.
The Aitnar Lake is an important part of the Behdienkhlam festival, the biggest festival of the Pnars.
This has allowed the Government to verify the existing beneficiaries as well as those who have just joined the scheme.
Furthermore, the union through Bah Shangpliang and Bah Allfond requested the government to expedite the assistance to the farmers who have been affected by the natural disaster.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this visit was successful.
The incident happened at about 1.30 pm this morning.
He said that the State Government has done a lot by starting with the Engineering Wing within the Police Department.
