The two suspects were arrested by the Ri Bhoi District Police today, Pynshailang Warjri, 32, and Banshngai Tynshong, He was born in Umtangar.
The disease is most common in the indigenous communities of the country but can also occur in non-indigenous people.
The opening of this police station will provide relief to the people of the area which has been affected by various crimes.
The BSF has taken Marak to a hospital and handed him over to his family members. The state police have been informed of the incident. from the hands of the enemy.
Speaking to reporters at the party office in Lachumier, Dr Kharlukhi said that as it appears in the media, the prime minister has rejected the claim of the HNLC. However, it is not clear to the public that the NIA should investigate the matter if the Chief Minister does not have one.
The MLA said that instead of writing news, many newspapers have turned into journalists who listen to their opinions, don't give the facts and the people who read them. judge right and wrong.
“We cannot know where these drugs were discarded.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the house of Shillong West MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh at 4.15 pm this morning. I don't know if it's true or not. I don't know if it's true or not.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District wishes a happy Behdein Khlam 2018 to all the children of Seinraij Jowai and also to all the children of Niam Tre.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya People's United Forum (MPUF) today intensified its demand from the government to appoint the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arunkumnar Khembhavi. by holding an indefinite strike at the MTC Bus Stand in Jowai.
The residents of Mawhati have been suffering from this road for more than 9 years.
In this raid, the police have attacked women shopkeepers inside the MUDA parking lot opposite the SBI office near Khyndailad. explain the message.
The program was conducted by the Chairman of the Sports Cell Franky Kharumnuid and the tournament was held as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Sports Cell.
At present, the Commission is satisfied that the election in the state has been smooth.
Up to 144 school children along with teachers took part in the discussion and planting of indigenous trees at Lum Umthli, Raid Diengsaw, Hima Sohra.
My aim is also for India to once again be recognized as a center of global education," he added.
This training is to prepare how to plant many kinds of flowers, this training is to understand how to plant flowers in their own way. syntiew is different.
He said that this oxygen plant will not only be an equipment for the Nazareth Hospital but will be a blessing to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
Until now, the people of Mawhati Constituency whether they belong to any party including the Congress, UDP or even those in the MCPC who have the intention to support Bah Sylliang He said that the name of Bah James Sylliang is the most popular candidate in this constituency.
I have given only a few examples, there could be many more.
The honor comes four years later when another FTII student's film 'CATDOG' won the award at 73Cannes.
The General Meeting will be held on the 28th at 11 am at IB Dangar and the members of the BPF are requested to attend the meeting. for the smooth running of the activities of the organization.
The project is expected to be completed as soon as possible at a cost of Rs 50-55 crore, he added.
Those who took part in the march to celebrate Hanuman Jayanti included the elderly, mothers and children and MLA of 19-Shillong South Bah Sanbor Shullai. long this great day.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 28: Films have been celebrated with a strong mind, body and soul, and now, the presence of the International Competition Jury of the IFFI has invited and praised the talent of dress great.
And in the 18th century, Missionary John Roberts composed the National Anthem of the Khasi-Pnar 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I Love You'
The strike by the ASHA workers has affected the health department as it is through them that the health department receives information on what is happening in the villages in terms of the availability of of infants and the state of health in communities.
Shillong, July 19: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sawsymper area today left a letter to appeal for the reconstruction of the footpath on the PWD site. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, for the upgradation of the Langsymphud Sub-Centre in Sawsynper to a Public Health Center (PHC).
He said that cleanliness was strong in India when the rule of the authorities was strong and this was because of Swami Vivekananda.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will convene a meeting on Friday to discuss the issues raised by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The decision taken on that day will be announced to the public.
The NCP has supported the Congress-led government without setting any conditions, but the NCP leaders in Delhi want one thing. The minister will join the NCP because they are working in the central government.
Police said that during the search and raid, they recovered suspected drugs and heroin weighing 136 grams.
BJP General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty has alleged that the state of peace and order in Garo Hills has deteriorated under the present MUA-II government.
Shillong, March 19: U Pois Kurbah, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Mairang Govt.
The DPR for the Western Bypass is currently being prepared.
Such Khasi are shyllangmat and sisam khmut who follow the phone calls of the mynder every day.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh recently seized 68 cows from Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts.
The allocation for this is 60: 40 between the Central Government and the State Governments.
When contacted by SP News Agency, Kwilnis S Suchiang, President of KSU Narpuh, said that the District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District and MSPCB officials have seen the incident. The opposition of the people has turned away and with the turning away of this public hearing scheduled today has failed.
At the same time, KSU Mawkhar Circle invites and invites all the paradoh parasnam of Hynniewtrep to attend the public meeting to be held on 30/11/2013 to give their support. Therefore, the party requests the support of the people from children, young men and women, mothers and fathers to come to the event. and the day.
For 25 or 26 years, this PHC has been lost because of politicians and this has caused a lot of suffering because if you go to Mawsynram CHC it is far away as well as if you go to Mawkyrwat or in Mawphlang you will not be able to arrive in time to get treatment.
These experiences are the biggest strength of India's journey towards development today.
What surprised the JYF was the statement of the Minister of Forests, who said, “It is difficult for factories to get land elsewhere for planting trees because of the law that The sale of land in the state is prohibited and does not allow companies to purchase land.
The month of June is dedicated to “KisanKalyan,” or programs related to the welfare of farmers.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District will issue the rules and regulations. He said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District will issue the rules and regulations. to the curfew.
Therefore, to preserve and maintain the new religion of righteousness and also to establish our own new religious thought, knowledge of kur, knowledge of kha, knowledge of man, knowledge of God, and to earn again the This time, thousands of people from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills have joined hands to take part in this Lehniam.
He said that the prayer to God who is the captain is the answer to the jaidbynriew through the HYC. The Department has been demonstrating from time to time such as wearing masks, social distancing and hygiene as it is a way to avoid diseases and especially to avoid this threat of covid
The theme of the talk was “Thomas Jones was a missionary from Wales.
The Seng will also send a report on its findings to the Food Inspector, FSSAI and the Minister concerned.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills also left to provide assistance according to the rules laid down by the government.
The KHADC has already set up a Khasi Traditional Medicine Committee within the KHADC to look after this issue but as the rules have not been drafted yet, it has not been able to work with the Chairman. The Chief Executive Member of the Committee is Mr. Titosstarwell Chyne.
“The use of toxic chemicals will endanger fish, fruits and flowers besides posing a threat to humans," the order said.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 09: The AJYWO Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the shortage of doctors at Khlierhiat CHC, which is attached to the 100 bedded Hospital in Khliehriat. day by the state government.
The post of Typist (Ordinary Grade) has been advertised in 2016 for 36 posts but it is still pending even after the examination and Typing Test.
What surprised the BSF was that out of the 13 persons arrested, one or two were Hindus. The discrimination in the Muslim-majority country, this is the displacement of the Hindu minority in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The polling station in Umladang, West Jaintia Hills District, has been suspended immediately after robbers damaged the EVM, said Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, Commissioner & Election Commissioner of Police Station. “These robbers who entered the polling station are from one village.
Shillong, March 27: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) of North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday accused the Head Constable D Bordoloi of violence. month at Umiam Police Station and the President of the party.
In this there is a benefit for all of us, for the whole world.
During the visit, the circle found that all the belongings in these two houses were destroyed by the fire. Donation of food items, food and money.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The State Bank of India, through its Rural Self Employment Training Institute, has invited the youth of Ri Bhoi District to provide training in the field of self-employment. stand on your feet.
New Delhi, June 27: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, inaugurated 91 100 W FM transmitters on 28th June at 10:30 am through video conferencing.
Shillong, Nailur 19: An ambulance number ML05 J 5626 of the Malki Youth Association (ML05 J 5626) has collided with a stone at Laimer Upper this morning. Shillong.
At the same time, the KSA urges those who used to go to this ground to learn how to drive at this ground as it will destroy the ground.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the Unnati Mela will be a new way to develop India in the field of agriculture.
The Garo Hills Democratic Coalition (GDC) has decided to hold the election for the Chairman of the House on the 21st of this month. Rakesh A Sangma.
Speaking to the teachers, Aristotle Rymbai Presdient MSSASA, while speaking to the teachers at the protest site, said that the Managing Committees who have closed down the schools should not allow them to leave schools. The government will suspend the grant from the SSA to that school.
When asked by SP News Agency whether the fishing competition will be held tomorrow morning at Laitarted Pung Shnong, the DC said that the fishing competition will be held tomorrow morning at Laitarted Pung Shnong. The office did not give permission and sent the matter to the Superintendent of Police.
We know that he used to voice his disapproval of political violence by the BJP," he said.
After four months of strike, the civil society groups have suspended their strike after the government called them for talks to find ways and means to stop their work. the influx of mynder Ri.
In this age, we should no longer count or sting.
Speaking at the cleanliness drive, Union Minister of State for Child Development, MJ Akbar said that the “Swachhata Hi Seva campaign” launched by the Prime Minister of India is to achieve the goal of Swachhata Hi Seva. the father of the nation, Mahatma Gandhi, to bring about a clean India.
New Delhi, Jymmang 3: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Jitendra Singh today said that the DoNER has taken steps to strengthen the Furthermore, the facilities related to COVID-19 including oxygen plants in all the states of the North East.
All the Chief Executive Members were urged to create opportunities to convey these suggestions to the children as part of explaining to the children on the benefits of quarantine. especially as part of the fight against covid1
On this occasion, the Union Minister said that the people of these 25 Khasi Hills have fought against the French and one of those great Syiems was Syiem Tirot Singh. King of the Forest Kingdom.
Bah Rymbui said that the price of kwai has dropped significantly and this has led the farmers to produce a lot of kwai while the price has dropped steadily.
On this occasion, the Central Government has called four meetings to discuss the CAB
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Meghalaya Government today declared 25th November 2020 as a public holiday in East Khasi Hills District as it is the end of the Nongkrem Festival.
However, the demand to cut ksainar shiah from Mawthum, he also agreed, because if you cut 150 yards from Mawthum, the loss is great for the people because they will not be able to farm. and the fields are like the fields of the inhabitants of Baal-gashesh.
Residents of Jair received 23 mobile connections yesterday.
On the 20th October 2018, the party would like to hold a march from the party office at Jaiaw Chapel Road to the Soso Tham Auditorium at the State Central Library.
As a reminder, during the examination for this post on 6th July 2016, DC Arunkumar Kembhavi (IAS) took great care to ensure a clean environment by cleaning the mobile phones, beh and black list those examinees who use mobile phones, but in the midst of this expectation, the DSC has done nothing.
Regarding the Treading by non tribal, the EC has decided to amend it to include the Amendment and others related to the expenditure of the council.
A souvenir of AIPC and books by authors including Prof. Streamlet Dkhar were also launched.
On our part, we don't want to cooperate with the Golf Club at any time, once a person has cheated, that's why,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
I was afraid that night.
Shillong, July 25: The match between Nongrim Hills SC and Mylliem SC in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Saturday came to an end. Nongrim Hills SC won the match 4-1
Police also recovered three unused bullets, a bike number ML-08-4295, a scoty without registration number from the scene. let's go.
Shillong, July 19: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State and MLA of Pynthorumkhrah, today met with the Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Paul Lyngdoh. foreign shops closed in Nongmensong area Regarding the closure of 33 shops in Nongmensong area due to lack of permits or permits from KHADC according to the rules and regulations. During the meeting, Bah Hek urged the EM in charge of trade that if the property is given to others, it should be given to those foreigners who are the rightful citizens.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, said that the District Council, when it had a step school under its jurisdiction, had ordered that one of the subjects should be Khasi. , even after it no longer exists and the District Council has still ordered schools to have the teaching of the Khasi language.
He said that in 2015 they had requested RTI from the Ministry of Agriculture and it was told in the RTI that there were 57 vacancies and until now they don't know how much will increase because the vacancies are every year. He said that if this is the case, how can the agriculture department work when there are no officers up to 57 in the office?
Shillong, July 22: The KPSDA has criticized the KHADC for failing to complete the UCIL road to Mawthabah village. now for many years.
The meeting was also attended by BDOs and Chief Superintendents of Police of West Garo Hills District.
At present, the people have doubts about the Mines and Mineral Policy of the State if Para 12A @) of the Sixth Schedule is implemented, so that the coal mining in the State will be through the order. The President of India and the State Legislative Assembly shall be able to enact legislation in accordance with the Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy,
According to him, this Act has also been a blessing to the people especially to those who want to strengthen their ownership of their land.
George B Lyngdoh has won the MLA election from the Congress party but under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, they have joined hands with the TMC party. Shillong, November 10: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today celebrated the 75th anniversary of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) by the United Nations. Nation in 1948.
The third aspect is the expansion of the activities of research institutions in which they look at epidemics.
The Union Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, made the announcement in a post on the social media platform X (formerly known as Twitter).
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District today enforced Section 144 CrPC in the Sawsymper area to curb the gathering of people.
The implementation of safe labor standards is essential not only to make the country tobacco free but also to bring about health and economic well-being. tobacco use.
On this occasion, there was also an awarding ceremony for the soldiers who have just completed their training and this award ceremony was held in many parts of the training which they have completed.
The larger the facility, the more space it can provide for trainees or apprentices.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The KSU Ranikor Circle in a statement sent by Samla Marconi Thongni, President, has vowed to close down the office of the State Bank of India if the operation of the bank continues as it is. now.
There are 189 cases in the state, of which 30 cases are in hospital, 26 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after submitting the petition, Ksanla Ksanborlang said that the submission of the petition today is to urge the KHADC to If only the Village Employment Council is recognized in the villages, the Dorbar Shnongs will disappear quickly.
It should also be added that the meeting was also supported by CR Projects and Suraksha Medical Team.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Buam, Secretary of Mutapur Village, West Jaintia Hills District, said that on Saturday afternoon, BGB troops entered the village and closed down the village. to the people who are still working on the village road to go to the brikwai.
They showed a spirit of selflessness for the country.
The demand of the teachers is that they want to meet the Minister in charge of education to demand that the government should pay their salaries on time and at the same time. time to seek clarification from the government regarding the government's takeover of schools.
The General Secretary of the HNYM, Bah Jophas Kurbah and the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Stemar Nongbri, in an interview with the media, also alleged that Bah Teiborlang Thangkiew has been the leader of Umtring Village. At the same time, they also alleged that he has misused the schemes that the government has provided to the people living in this village.
The meeting was held before a meeting of various groups to hear what the ADCs and civil society have to say about the central government's desire to amend the Sixth Schedule.
The Seng would like to ask the MUDA and the Government whether it is right to force these people whose homes and property have been destroyed without any basis. I am also surprised at the FIR against the President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing.
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that T.45.44 crore has been allocated for the construction of the buildings at the site. The Government has proposed to set up this university and in 2009 the proposal was accepted.
The campaign was inaugurated by the Director General, Subhash Joshi, IPS. treatment is available in Nawieng.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The 67th Independence Day of India has been celebrated in Meghalaya without any disruption.
In the video, Sohan said that to get their own state is only through politics and to get Garoland is their right.
This is the fourth time that the GST collection has exceeded Rs 1.60 lakh crore.
Shillong, November 28: The Hima Sohra today announced that the High Court of Meghalaya has decided not to allow foreigners to apply for Trading License. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Bah BB Rymmai, Secretary of the Hima.
Shillong, November 26: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District has announced the invitation for interview for those who have been selected for the post of Assistant Teacher in Government Upper Primary Schools. The school will be held from 5th July to 21st July 2021 at KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound, Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who is also the MLA of the area. WR Lyngdoh, Secretary PHE, Mission Director, SBM (G), PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills, PT Passah, BDO, Mylliem C&RD Block and others.
The Seng encourages Bah Mayveen Marbaniang who is one of the richest people in the field of trade who has been able to compete with other people in the field of employment. don’t have your own people to reach this level.
The entry fee for the contestants will be T.500/- each. Therefore, the youth of Jaintia Hills who have talent are requested to compete in this competition. your name on or before 20th June
In another incident, Sidres K. Sanoh, 43, of Jongksha village, Mawkynrew Block, has died in this incident. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has sent the PWD department to inspect and clean up the area.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills has risen to 1441 with two deaths from the coronavirus.
Shillong, July 25: The Executive Engineer, PWD in charge of Mawsynram Division, Mawsynram today announced that trucks and buses will be banned from passing on the bridge on the Hatmawdon-Hatmawdon Road. Ryngku is due to the fact that the lower parts of the bridge have collapsed.
Replying to the request of Jaiaw MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh to hold an All Party Meeting on this issue, the Prime Minister said that the time is too short for them to convene. But all the MLAs will have the opportunity to speak when the bill is introduced in the House.
When inquired about the cause of the fire, he said that it is unknown as it happened in the morning when people were sleeping. to this thing.
When asked whether the Government will take the same step against other PSUs which are no longer operating in the state, the Minister said, “Of course we have to sit down and discuss and look into it.
The Minister inaugurated the Spawn Laboratory at the Mushroom Development Center in Meghalaya to promote mushroom production and provide training to farmers and entrepreneurs.
The union congratulates NEHUSU for reaching out to help and be with the students of this university and congratulates the teachers and staff of NEHU who have expressed their opposition to this. You are not attacked.
Shillong, March 11: A trade delegation from the Czech Republic led by Radek Braum, Minister of State for Agriculture, met with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic. Dr Mukul Sangma has met with traders from Meghalaya and Assam.
Referring to this issue, he said that the youth of this state, especially the Khasi, are good because they are strong in speaking English. Hindi is the only language in the country.
Is it right for the police department to summon the President of any party when some members of the party have gone to join the HNLC of their own free will? “Yes, there may be members in the political parties who have a relationship with us, but that does not mean that the whole party, the President or the General Secretary will participate.
Shillong, June 05: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today. There are 15 cases of COVID-19 in the hospital.
However, the UGC has added that the decision issued on the 6th of this month for the final year examinations will not be changed but will remain the same that the final year examinations will be held in September. through the online/blended mode examination and universities/colleges will have to comply with this rule.
The bodies of these foreigners were found in the evening at Ichamati and Dalda villages under Shella Police Station.
"“Notwithstanding any law of the Indian Dominion or of Assam at that time to empower us to enforce and exempt from any laws of the State or Central Government which do not apply to us and affect the customs and traditions.
It was decided to meet with Sarbananda Sonowal, MP from Assam who is currently the Hon'ble Union Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports to discuss the financial support, how to develop and build the Kickbxing, a martial arts sport, here in the Eastern States.
On the other hand, the Seng said that it is the MDA or NDA Government's unfair treatment of the Christians in Meghalaya.
The union will also write to the KHADC not to issue NOC for the railway project.
Nangsan Kynter scored 4/9 in 2.3 overs to help Mawsynram Cluster win by 86 runs and won the Player of the Match and Player of the Tournament awards.
In his speech, the President said that the nursing profession is a new industry in terms of health care facilities. to vaccinate against polio and many other activities whether in the city or in the countryside.
Speech was delivered by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Leader of AIM Meghalaya State and MACC, who urged the people of the area not to do anything. the foundation that God has given us as human beings.
He said that 10 months ago, the Congress had trained the District Presidents and Block Presidents and we told them to speak with dignity and as it is the National Election they should know them. the wishes and aspirations of the Congress to help the farmers, to help the government employees, to help the youth, to help the women and to help the students and so on.
At this meeting, the CEM of GHADC told the GSU leaders that the Council has not stopped regarding their demand and they have written to the District. Council Affairs of the State Government.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister should ensure that this work should go ahead and not be delayed.
These people entered Meghalaya by Night Super without following the COVID-19 rules and entered the state safely without any permission.
He said that after these products have been recognized, the cooperative society will ensure the delivery of these products, so that the profits will go directly to the bank accounts of the farmers.
These things are happening only from P Naik who has started to confuse the state and the nation and we see equally that those leaders of ours who have been empowered by the people do not want to support this same person. and this shows that they are also priests.
The BSF is on duty on the border to ensure that illegal activities on the border with Bangladesh do not take place and to ensure that there is no smuggling.
Shillong, Naitung 06: Today once again to express to the Government that the state needs the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the The union has set up a gate to check foreign passengers at 20 mer in Ri Bhoi District.
At this time of tragedy, the Seng Khasi Kmie sends its condolences to the children and grandchildren of this Rangbah.
The delay of NIOS in preparing the results has deprived them of their right to benefit from the new salary increase of the State Government.
Selection of projects by stakeholders, launch of smart city Special Purpose Vehicles for implementation, use of technology and digital services to improve Government services in urban areas , monitoring by teams from training centres, workshops to monitor the completion of works and others.
These rivers and villages fall under the East Khasi Hills District. The DC said that the slaughter of dohum dohwah and the use of drugs will also affect the lives of the people around. of these rivers.
EM Lyngdoh, Under Secretary, DCA Dept, Shri HA Sangma, Secretary, Executive Committee, GHADC, Shri RB Marak, SE, GHADC, and other officials of the Meghalaya State Planning Board.
Other sources said that the money was found at about 7.45 pm on the road at Pomdngiem near Manipuri Mandir.
Charles said he had informed the MLA of the area about the incident and although he is not the leader of the area, he knew about the attack on the Assam border by Assam. he came to protect against this violence in Assam.
On the allegation by the Congress spokesperson, Prestone said that the deputation of IAS officers is allowed by the service rule. .
After receiving a complaint, KSU Laskein Circle led by Balawan Suchiang and General Secretary of the KSU Laskein Circle went to the branch manager of the bank to seek clarification.
He said that one woman lost about 60 tons of syieng due to the damage.
The new Chief Minister should convene a meeting of all political parties on this issue to amend and implement the ILP Act for the protection of the indigenous people.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that they are now in the hands of the Village Court to take action.
The Khasi people commemorate the death anniversary of Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Wickliffe Syiem and Soso Tham; The Jaidbynriew and the Seng also celebrate the traditional days of Behdeinkhlam, Shad Nongkrem and Shad Suk Mynsiem.
Review meetings are also held from time to time besides field visits and third party monitoring.
For example, it is necessary to obtain an annual report before the Dorbar Hima, as well as to obtain clear information on the revenue, assets, receipt and expenditure of the Hima. audited accounts and to know the budget of the Hima Mylliem.
Police said that these people were the contractors and they were arrested at the time of the incident. They were arrested for throwing stones at the vehicles in Laitkor.
While implementing various schemes of the government, the Prime Minister urged the State Bank to provide special assistance in providing loans to the SC and ST communities for their establishment. not only that, but they should also help to guide them.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Gashnga said that on that day they will discuss the actions of four or five people and may also take a decision to expel them from the party.
The Padma Awards – the highest civilian awards in the country – are divided into three categories: Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri. for various occupations such as welding, social work, public relations, science and engineering, trade and industry, pharmaceutical, writing and education, sports activities, officer duties and more.
In a statement issued by the Seng, the Seng wishes and wishes all the children of Ri Jaintia for the smooth running of the Beh-Dein Khlam. Happy birthday to “Tre Ki Rot”, “U Nongbuh Nongthaw” for all these things so that the children of Ri Jaintia will have health, income, prosperity and peace in the country. all aspects of their lives.
The President of MEMRIWU said that the Union will demand that the Government should not agree to run the EMRI-108 as the money has been allocated by the State Government and 100 percent of the work has been done for 10 years. it went smoothly.
Shillong, Nailur 08: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, has written to the Ministry of Finance demanding that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should inquire into the allegations of corruption in the state. Speaking to reporters at the BJP office today, the EC of Bah Thombor Shiwat in JHADC has alleged that the funds allocated by the central government have been misused. The Special Assistant Grant instead of implementing development projects has been used to pay the salaries of employees up to T.20 crore.
Speaking to media, the employees of the weight bridge including Bah R Khonglah and others, said that the state government has tried to forcibly close down the weight bridge but the owner has lodged a complaint with the government. The High Court, Meghalaya and the High Court have issued an order to dismiss the tenant.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Government of East Jaintia Hills District has set up the Lumshnong Police Station to provide better security to the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
Among these districts, East Khasi Hills District has found it difficult to explain.
“In 2006, there was a public hearing in Nongbah Jynrin on uranium, in which many of the people of the district were against the mining but the government has ignored the will. In 2007, the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) issued an environmental clearance to mine uranium on the 422 hectares of the KPM Project in Mawthabah. The union has been demanding from time to time but the government has not issued the environmental clearance.
When these Nursing Colleges are completed, the whole of India will produce 15,700 nurses per annum. The total cost of these 157 nursing schools will be T.1,570 crore.
The HYC congratulates the KHADC for taking the decision not to issue land NOC for the construction of the Railway and urges the JHADC , the landowners and the Dorbars to oppose the railway.
The BSF troops have seen this plight of the people and this time with the help of the BSF they have sent a passenger boat carrying the people from Shilliang to the other side of the Ranikor River.
After being summoned by the police, Bah Donlang in an interview with the media, admitted that he had said these words with the intention of forming a rebel group.
However, as these robbers had received information before the arrival of the police, they quickly fled and the police could not arrest them.
Dr RC Laloo donated 15,00000/- tyngka while 85,290/- tyngka was donated by the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla. 8.2012.
As believers of the Catholic Church, we believe that after death the soul returns to the Creator, but the soul cannot reach it if there is a light in life. while you are on this earth.
said Bah S.Pamksang, one of the leaders of War East.
GPS tracking, radio frequency identification (RFID), and instant visibility of operations have clarified logistics.
Shillong, July 20: The West Khasi Hills District Administration has set up a thermal screening center at Lyngdoh Masi to test people entering the district.
The students who came to take part in the competition were from 50 schools which were selected after taking part in the drawing competitions held in the past.
The KSU is very concerned about how these people can enter the area slowly and whether those inspectors at the Infiltration Check Gates are sleeping. The KSU will continue to conduct such raids across the country. Hynniewtrep for the good of the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) on Saturday conducted a free health service at Nongrim-Nongladaw village near Bhoi Rymbong. in Ri Bhoi District.
LPS.Planket Govt.
Other speakers on the occasion said that the TMC MP's speech on the Khasi traditional dress, HITO demands that his apology should not only be on social media, but should be in writing. to the nation.
Shillong, July 11: UDP Nongkrem MDC from Nongkrem, Bah Hispreaching Son Shylla, is now waiting for the time to resign from the party which he won the mid-term MDC election.
Shillong, March 16: The KHNAM has not yet accepted the railway line in the state, said Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM, on the speech of Bah Vincent H Pala MP regarding the railway line in the state. to complete the construction of the railway line to these Khasi Hills.
These are the urgent demands which are the reason for the extension of the term of office of the District Councils.
Union Home Secretary Ajay Kumar Bhalla handed over these citizenship certificates to several applicants in New Delhi today.
Dr BR Kharluki, in his speech, said that the HSPDP was founded from a shop in Jaiaw Central after the APHLC expelled Bah Hoping because he did not accept the party. to the Sub State.
It is also a sad fact that in 2000, when Priyanka Gandhi Vadra gave birth to her son, Congress spokesperson Ajit Jogi visited the AICC Headquarters and announced that syndon that "a child has been born to us who will be our Leader"
“Advertisements about money laundering are misleading, and in violation of the Consumer Protection Act
Shillong Lajong FC has organized many matches with the students of the college who are studying in Grade XII.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The meeting of the Chief Executive Members of Upper Shillong Constituency held today at Madan Umlyngka, has decided to write back to the government on the issue of MUDA and their MLA Bah RV Lyngdoh to urge the government to convene a special session to bring the state into the MUDA's Meghalaya Building Bye Laws, which the government should do as soon as possible.
Thus, by introducing international standardization on the disclosure of resources, this agreement introduces an unprecedented approach to IP matters for countries that provide genetic resources and traditional knowledge related to these.
Many shops especially in Police Bazar area have been closed and also in Iewduh and village markets in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has requested the MeECL not to turn off the lights during the Durga Puja which will start on the 7th and end on the 11th of this month. the month of April.
The development of risk-reducing measures and technologies can save lives and create a pathway to a healthy and sustainable future for India. .
As it happened as it is now, the members of the party have been arrested more than the arrest of the insurgents where even the house of our compatriots in Umbir has been suddenly broken down and even the door of the house has been broken. “Remember we are not foreigners but this is the country of the Khasi people and we are members of the nation and we stand on the basis of protecting our own nation. And all these things that have happened have not delayed the foundation on which we stand. In any form, we will continue to raise our voice with one voice against the railway because now the entry and exit of foreigners is free and independent without any restrictions adequate to protect the uniqueness of the nation"
The vehicles escaped the fire as the petrol bomb did not explode.
The General Secretary of FKJGP said that the FKJGP has already requested permission to hold a mass protest against unemployment, but it cannot be said that there has been an incident of unemployment. The incident happened suddenly, but it was not the fault of the FKJGP.
The people of the country have responded with determination by taking ownership of Swachh Bharat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Mohammad Rafiq today swore in Justice Wanlura Diengdoh.
During the meeting, the Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Pa'im Kynsai N Syiem, said that the Land Custom Station at Balat has been opened since 1985 and has been operating since In 1999, for unknown reasons, the trade stopped.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today attended a rally organized by the Rachnatmak Nonia Sanyukt Sangh at Bihutoli Khel Maidan. Participants from all districts of Assam attended the meeting.
In accordance with this Act, there are some problems when the people go to the District Council to apply for a Land Holding Certificate or NoC or any other document when they want to apply for a loan from a bank. The Autonomous District Council (ADC) has not accepted these documents.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held a massive protest inside Congress Bhava at Jail Road to protest against the decision to remove the MP from the Lok Sabha. Rahul Gandhi is the party's leader.
At this meeting, it was decided that the Hima Dorbar should be held once every two years, as the Hima will discuss with the District Council, the boundary of the Hima. Hima and Assam should be reconciled by the State Government.
On the other hand, the former Home Secretary of India during his visit to Guwahati said that the presence of moist insurgents in the region is not very dangerous as these insurgents only enter. and those places where there is no growth.
This raibi has become increasingly serious over the years and now they have started trading even before the announcement of the election results.
In his speech, the Ambassador of India to India, M Stasex, said that his country wants to work with the state in many areas and wants to work together if it is in the field of Regarding the coal industry, this is a statement in which the country turns its attention to the coal mines of Meghalaya.
He said that the Agriculture Department is the Nodal Department, and said that awareness programs are being conducted in various villages under the four blocks of the district to ensure that the people who should benefit from various schemes get these.
The e-Vidhan will cover all the 5374 elected leaders. The people will now know what their leaders ask questions inside the House during the session.
The new Civil Sub-Division will cover 160 villages and the State Government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has fulfilled its promise made on July 12, The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today visited Ranikor.
Assam has launched a mobile app for land protection in the region.
These villages are Nongmluh, Mawphansaw, Pyndensynnia, Mawthungmlang, Plangmawprah and Ryngkhiat in the Phlangdiloin area and Kensimphlang village in the Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
Secondly, the Deputy Commissioner and his assistants are authorized to hear civil and criminal cases outside the State of Meghalaya except in the Normal Areas of Shillong, under the rules of the Administration of Meghalaya. Justice and Police in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills District 1937; The Rules for the Administration of Justice and Police in the Garo Hills District 1937; and The  Khasi  Syiemships  (Administration of Justice) Order, 1950.
Before the training, a short speech was delivered by the Leaders of the Catholic Women's Wing, Mawkynrew Parish who expressed their gratitude to U Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the MLA. /MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and at the same time the Minister of the State Government who was ready to contribute to the achievement of the good intentions of the Seng.
Khliehriat, JYF East Jaintia Hills, under the leadership of President Niwasly Rymbai, General Secretary John Pala and members inspected the NH-44 from Pharamer to Malidor.
In her speech, the Minister said that it is necessary to improve the ports by using the current authorities. She said that the government will replace one of the ports. to the company so that they can be placed on the market.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Trained Nurses Association of India, Jaintia Hills, today celebrated the International Nurses Day.
It is urgent that the House should pass this motion of no confidence in the EC. However, the opposition has left the House without any vote of confidence in the Chairman. you are in the council.
Three meetings were held between the Urban Affairs Department and the Home (Jail) Department.
During the meeting, Prime Minister Duh asked the children about their experiences when they visited various tourist attractions in Delhi.
SHILLONG, AUG 2: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) under the leadership of its President, Genl.
They were accommodated at the CTI Camp set up by the government in Ri Bhoi District.
Entry forms for the East Khasi Hills Under-19 Open Judo Championship 2014 can be collected from 7th November 2014 at DSO Polo Office Shillong during office hours. or from the Dojo (Judo Hall) and the closing date for receipt of applications will be on or before 14th November
A few hours later, police officials such as MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and others arrived. Various political parties and the public have expressed their deep sorrow and condolences to the Assam Police and also to the souls of the deceased and to the families of the deceased. they.
Shillong, June 02: The BSF has seized 210 grams of Phensedyl from South Garo Hills District in the fight against smuggling on the border with Bangladesh.
This was announced by Bah John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC, on 22-2-2019, at Jaiaw Pdeng, during the MDC election campaign for Bah Augustus Jyrwa, MDC candidate, INC. John said he remembers the visit of the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sordars and District Council leaders where they met with Rajiv Gandhi, the Prime Minister, in and urged him not to establish a panchayat in Meghalaya.
The Minister said that the present government in the country has initiated many initiatives to increase food production, encourage farmers and also to develop food related industries.
The KHADC does not approve of this announcement by the government as it means that it includes all the courts in the state including the courts set up by the District Councils, said the CEM of KHADC. Shillong, Nailur 01: Shillong Police on Tuesday morning arrested three persons involved in drug trafficking from Lumjingsuk Block A in Madanriting. Thangboi Paite 46 years old, Banphiralang Shabong 41 years old.
The teachers expressed their gratitude to the Central Government and the State Government for recognizing the service of teachers in education and society.
Secretary- Research Law.
Finally, before concluding, we would like to remind everyone that we are as we are, it is because we have this unique characteristic as a 'KUR' in which we have shaped the Hima, it is on these principles that Our ancestors have given us a special status before India through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement which was adopted and signed between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi State in August 17, 1948.
Jowai Jymmang 21::The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body has expressed its opposition to the misuse of helicopters by Congress and NPP leaders to campaign in some places in the country. Ri Khasi and Jaintia,Ka Seng strongly condemns the election campaign of these leaders who have expressed their lack of respect for the people who have watched the arrival of the campaigners during this election period. Even in the most remote areas, they have struggled to bring helicopters so that the time will not be wasted and they will escape from the blocks in the middle of the road. It is sad to see that the leaders and leaders are now more interested in things that are for their own benefit and want to show their love and concern for the strengthening of the parties they have. Even if they have to spend tens of thousands and tens of thousands of rupees, they are quick to come and arrive on time as scheduled.
Shillong, November 15: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued a curfew under Section 144CrPC for the morning of 16/1 2019 has been released for three hours.
: the mutka is not clean rhing or does not agree with the lade.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time. they will all stand at least a meter apart in a row.
Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio said that only Kohima, the state capital in the North East, does not have an airport.
At the same time, the pastor sent his condolences to the family of Neil Warjri who lost his life while doing his job properly.
The Government Boys Higher Secondary School has been provided with bio toilets and the school has not yet used these toilets.
Anupriya Patel from Apna Dal (Soneylal); Jayant Chaudhary's National People's Party; Joyanta Basumatary of the United People's Party Liberal; Atul Bora is from Asom Gana Council; Indra Hang Subba of the Sikkim Revolutionary Front; Sudesh Mahto and Chandra Prakash Choudhary of All Jharkhand Students Union; and Ramdas Athawale of the Republican Party of India (A).
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has been free of COVID-19, as all 11 cases have been confirmed. Negative.
Regarding all these incidents, he said that he had nothing to do with it.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM on Tuesday said that the party will hold a sit-in on the 20th of this month at the Additional Secretariat to demand that the government should not The border with Assam should be resolved.
He also paid special greetings to the retired leaders of the party.
Many of the roads leading to the tourist spots in the state are bad.
Shillong, July 01: Harlismon Tariang, 85, wife of Bah SD Khongwir and mother of Dr. Alva Tariang, passed away this morning. 1st July 2021 at my residence in Mawlai Nonglum.
“Recently, in a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the government has discussed the implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act-2016 and also the establishment of Entry and Exit. Points and the implementation of District Task Force Committees to search and curb the entry and exit and illegal stay of foreigners within the state border, has not impressed us at all because “It is too slow in the work of the state government in this regard,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Although the state has already received the notice that the National Games 2022 will be held in the state, to ensure that the state does not lag behind in this preparation, it still has to sign the final. contract is known as the Hostcity Contract.
Women outnumber men by 20,000.
There are also other groups who donate according to their ability.
The Nongkynshew Pisa of the Branch has expressed its deep sorrow after learning that Bah P.Rani will be transferred from the Branch to another Branch of the same branch. The Bank is located in other villages in the State of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 06: The three-day Inter School Athletic Meet (IAT) was held at the Jawahalal Nehru Polo Stadium Shillong today. that district.
Helen Giri received the Padma Shri for her contribution to the arts and culture of Meghalaya in
Rangbah Shnongs from Mawlai Pyllun were also present to witness the 6th Anniversary of the Mawlai Pyllun.
The union insisted that the trade is still going well and said that there is still a meeting between the smugglers from India and Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that this is a scheme of the Central Government and the State Government has already implemented the money and the State does not need to pay anything as the money has been paid. the Government of India.
The Workers Power demands that all workplaces should implement Equal Pay for Equal Work in accordance with the orders of the Supreme Court and High Courts and also to set and develop policies for promotion and promotion. .
The presence of two shops in the MUDA parking lot at the MUDA Complex, Baskin & Robin and Subway, has removed the barrier where the entry and exit points had been built earlier but was eliminated by setting up these two shops.
She said that the Government should have thought of the youth as they have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic which has struck the state in 2020 and
The 56 villages are Borsora, Brishyrnot, Chiehruphi, Dona Bhoi, Dona Skul, Dona Umbluh, Hingaria, Huroi, Kuliang, Lumphyllut, Lumshnong, Lumsohki, Lumtong, Musisang, Mali. (New), Musiang Lamare (Old), Mynkre, Nongrim Hills, Nongsning, Pandare, Pyrtakuna.
It is urgently needed through the Mylliem Hima Legislative Assembly and through the Mylliem Hima Legislative Assembly to discuss the design of the nuit places around.
Now, his family wants the government authorities to do something about this to protect their family.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, a meeting was held between Congress officials from NBCC and Dr DD Lapang at home today. Dr Lapang has asked for a day to decide whether to contest the MLA election in 2018 or not.
The third round of the women's category will be between Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills at 12:30 pm and 2:30 pm. East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
“We are ready to go to the elections whether it is in June or whenever it is.
You can participate in this campaign for cleanliness in the street, neighborhood or park, river, water park or any other public place.
Although it is not included in the report, they have also discussed other areas where there is a border dispute and as it is now they know they are still waiting for the report. that there is a problem and it cannot be achieved easily what the government wants is to solve this problem.
Shillong, March 5: U Symbut Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that it is true that the number of cases of COVID-19 is increasing but the government has no intention of banning it.
He was sworn in by Chief Justice T. Meena Kumari of the Meghalaya High Court at Raj Bhavan Hall today.
Answering a question, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that the remaining light bill is T.544 crore and after 31st October 2021, MeECL will cut off those meters which do not have electricity bills. pay the light bill.
This will be especially true for the Scheduled Areas which fall within the boundary of Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils which do not have the Lineage Act as the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council has done. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Social Custom of Linage Act
In another incident, Ashim Dey has lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of the 1st of this month, unidentified persons have robbed the ATM of SBI at Malki Point. her.
Antonio said that there is a need for cooperation between the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids, Himas and Elaka in strengthening the issuance of trading license to foreigners and through the orders not to issue No Objection Certificate. .
Contract nurses should also be recruited as full time employees.
This is according to the figures released by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On this occasion, the chief guest also distributed piglets and chickens under the Rural Backyard Piggery & Poultry Scheme to the participants.
When inquired from the police, they said that they cannot do anything against the vehicles carrying excessive loads because it is up to the authorities and their job is to ensure the smooth running of the vehicles. from the rest of the car.
Avoid buildings or unsafe areas such as households, sports arenas – such as golf courses, playgrounds and playgrounds.
The biggest damage was caused to the rice fields placed in the area for the purpose of producing At, Moida, Suji. what a tragic event.
The permit of the JHADC will expire on the 31st of October 2017. According to sources from the JKHADC office, the JHADC is now ready to stop issuing permits to cut down trees. the destruction of the forests.
The RRC was explained by KHADC Chairman Wanshan Kharkrang and Engineer of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. Teiborlang Pathaw EM, Victor Rani EM, Peter Lamare Rangbah Shnong and Village Authority.
To use these tyndongjpynsawa you must have permission.
It has good infrastructure, many services like storage facilities, cafeteria.
We as a group have to take care that there is nothing wrong.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Union Minister of State for Culture and Heritage, Atjun Ram Meghwal, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has produced three freedom fighters to fight against the Tirot Singh Syiem, King Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, and others.
The letter was sent by the Deputy Director of Education and Literacy (DSEL) N Bhomik to the Sub Divisional School Education Officer of Mawkyrwat. Assistant Teacher at Rngikseh Govt LP School and was also asked to do this job according to the rules and regulations.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that although the dam closure in the state is still ongoing, the DCs have issued notices according to the situation in those districts. Where the disease has decreased or disappeared, the DCs have taken the decision according to their own jurisdiction.
During the visit, the Union also had the opportunity to ask some of the residents regarding this scheme and they also expressed their happiness and fortune to receive this scheme.
“Just as the BJP is considered a foreign party, the TMC is also considered a foreign party.
The union strongly condemns the government's action because the youths who have worked hard who have passed the examination and passed the interview are entitled to get jobs but have not been appointed in government departments but have to go out on the streets to The question is where does the government want to lead the unemployed youth and this shows that it may reach the point of misleading the unemployed youth because of the government. The MPSC and DSC have passed the examinations conducted by the MPSC and DSC. (SP News).
The SP of South West Khasi Hills District said that eight persons were involved in the accident in the jeep number ML-05Q-4 .
I hope that the states of India will understand that if we do not work together for the benefit of the many, it will destroy from the biggest to the smallest and lead back to destruction.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, SPIKAP and Co-Chairman, MSPB, said that it is very important to keep the stories of these unique forests.
It is now hoped that once completed, the airport will facilitate flights to Kolkata or Guwahati, as well as to Shillong. other states in a more efficient time frame.
Two persons have been arrested and charged under the NDPS Act
Officials from the state treasury said that so far no company has come to ask for permission to set up its office to collect money from the public.
The Youth Wing of KHNAM said that this is a violation of the Lineage Act 1997 of the Council and encourages others to do the same, which will defile the lineage. Chong.
The Seng leaders urged the authorities of the schools in the state to think and give admissions first to at least 90% of the students of the state.
New Delhi, June 08: As part of the efforts to ensure the smooth running of the supply of essential commodities in the country, the Home Secretary to the Union Government, Ajay Kumar Bhalla has directed in a letter to all the Chief Secretaries of the State to take immediate steps to ensure availability of essential commodities.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that the worst damage was in Ranikor Block in South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block in East Khasi Hills District.
In the 2023 MLA elections, the turnout was 86.81 percent.
This is the insult of the MDA government to the teachers, the old government has taken the best, the rules have come since 2010 and the government has saved their lives by taking the rules that teachers should get 45% and other terms by doing so.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the RDA has already met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and informed him of this.
However, unfortunately, until today, many of the signboards in this area show the name “RR Colony” which is misleading to many churches and violates the order of the District Council. ," said KHNAM. In this regard, the KHNAM has sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah and requested it to delete all these inscriptions 'RR Colony' and to replace them with the original name. , that is, “Them Rynjah” to avoid any misunderstanding.
There are 19 recoveries, 80 in critical condition and 20 in hospital for treatment. until today.
Before going to Raj Bhawan, I went to Lum in Motphran.
Not only the men, but also the Pnar women joined the men to fight against the Karbi by shooting with bird shotguns.
At a meeting held in Guwahati between the Tourist Associations of Meghalaya and Assam, they agreed to remove the Dalals from the Guwahati Airport.
The party sends this message of condolences and condolences to his family.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The owner of the weigh bridge at Amsarin, Sohkha Model, Jowai-Dawki road, West Jaintia Hills, has been shocked after the trucks carrying coal stopped coming to weigh the bridge. They went to another weight bridge which was recently installed.
As MCCL was a Wet Process dewbilat factory but now it has been converted into Dry Process. both parties have to take joint responsibility.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the parents of these students who came to accompany their children said that they arrived at NEHU from 12 noon until 4 pm. Their children have not even received a place to sit to write this exam.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has taken a Sou Moto on the incident due to the violation of human rights by the law enforcement agencies. .
According to the law, the Hima cannot appoint temporary Rangbah Shnong, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Syiem of Mylliem has appointed temporary Rangbah Shnong which is illegal. the Hima to appoint Acting.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Chairman Pynshngian Syiem said the meeting decided to write to the CEM of KHADC to convene a meeting of all the MDCs to discuss the issue. The UDF strongly condemns the action of the Assam Police who have arrested the MDC elected by the people. The MDCs strongly condemn the invasion of the Assam police into the area which still falls under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 23: The party will hold a meeting tomorrow to announce that the party will hold a meeting tomorrow to announce the results of the MPCC. The name of the candidate for the mid-term MLA elections from the 26-Shella Constituency.
The total number of confirmed cases today is 66, 57 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from West Garo Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from South West Garo Hills. to 690 people.
: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta seeking clarification on the post of Diet Clerk.
Balajied Kupar Synrem was sworn in as MLA in the name of God by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in the presence of the Chief Minister , Conrad K Sangma and Government Ministers , Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Bah AL Hek and Bah Kyrmen Shylla in the presence of MLAs from the MDA government. Lyngdoh and Bah George B Lyngdoh congratulated the new MLA.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Tynsong, said that the government has decided to set a price for the treatment of those infected with COVID-1
The ADC and CEO of Shillong Municipal have allegedly smuggled drugs and destroyed the youth of the country. The Board has seen clearly during their inspection with the HYC. Police know that drug traffickers are in the area.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Vivek Syiem IPS, said that the police are searching vehicles at night to ensure that the drivers of the vehicles should not be under the influence of alcohol. Many of those involved in the accident were drunk.
These states include Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Odisha, Sikkim and Tripura. you are a different kind of person.
Shillong, March 9: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that one more person has died of COVID-1 Phlabia Sun, 56, of Pyllun village, Ri Bhoi District, has risen to 61 with this death.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the meeting decided to set up a Consultative Committee headed by the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. produce the sun.
Their cooperation with the ULFA is not new as even Bah John Kharkhrang, the first C in C of the HNLC, has completed the training with the ULFA. hima, especially those who oppose the CM to take over the power and responsibility of Father Sngi (bam kwai at the door of God) as happened in 1978 in order to bring another 'Sorkar Lai lama', Similarly, in 2016, if it is not possible to resolve the political crisis in the state brought about by the Congress government, the presidential rule will fall like what is happening in Arunachal Pradesh.
"“Therefore, it is necessary to punish the officers of the DMR and the Transport Department who are in charge of the Checkpoints and Check Gates to find out the extortion of money from foreign sources in order to expose the “The implementation of the ED Departmental Enquiry/Check and to register a case on their failure to perform their duties properly within the rules of law,” he said.
He said he apologizes if he has offended anyone, but it is not because he has done it.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the UDP said that the party has nominated 18 candidates and the party understands that they will win the election.
“The HPC will hold a meeting with the residents of Them Iew Mawlong to discuss the outcome of today's meeting with the government,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has expressed its regret and surprise over the failure of the agriculture department to issue a notification to the state government. declared 2020 as the Year of Farmers.
Speaking to Batesi TV by telephone, Remington admitted that although CCTV cameras have been installed inside the Polling Station, the counting of votes has been going on since then. At 9 pm, you will arrive at the Polling Station to cast your vote.
New Delhi, November 10: “The world has not seen the many opportunities in the North East,” said Piyush Goyal at the opening of the Meghalayan Age shop in New Delhi.
He said that in fact the dorbar should have ended on the 10th of November, but due to the expectation of the election to elect the Speaker, it has been postponed to the 13th. 10 or 12 days which are the days set aside for Government Business.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander L. Hek and signed by the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, he said, and it will also be a profitable season for the farmers.
Regarding the difference in the price from the tender, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that the price at the time of calling the tender was the old price and it no longer matches the price. price what is the current price, there was no wrongdoing from the government.
The case was heard in the court of Magistrate Noor-Ain Khan (MHJS), Special Judge for POCSO Jowai.
He said that the Congress has not supported the government and is in the government led by the National People's Party (NPP).
Bah Dkhar said that the AJYWO expresses its deep sorrow over the insecurity of women, children and young people in Jaintia Hills, in the state and in the country. The country as a whole because of the presence of people who have turned themselves into wild animals and put their long-rynieng and their lives in great danger.
Most of those who attended the Mela were youths who visited from one stall to another to learn how to use these equipment. They shall use this method of payment to avoid the charge.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Answering a question by Bah PN Syiem on the border dispute between the Himas, the Executive Member in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War War, said that out of the 29 Himas, The dispute was resolved in 6 cases.
Referring to the success of the government's measures which can be seen in every village, Modi said that nearly 1 lakh new beneficiaries have applied for free gas connection within the country. the Ujjwala scheme.
The price of these Titan watches ranges from T.2095 to T.75,0
The meeting was enriched by a traditional dance and a short drama on Sier Lapalang performed by the members of KSU Delhi.
However, almost all these foreigners have filed birth certificates without even a court order which raises the question how the birth certificates were issued without court orders.
Padma Trinity Saio, from West Jaintia Hills District, explained about her journey in the cultivation of spices with the support of the Spices Board of India.
The five parties did not listen to the enactment of 144 Cr.
: The mutka is the word or answer that is not spoken;
Speaking to reporters, Glahn said that this is the beginning of the donation to the people of the area. for the purpose of improving the income of the people.
Shillong, November 04: The Air Force today celebrated the Swarnim Vijay Varsh to mark the 50th anniversary of India's victory in the 1971 war between India and Pakistan.
In this Azadi of AmritKaal, we should look at this wealth too, we should research this and tell the world about it.
On the other hand, the GSU said that they too want Greater Garo Land but they are not happy with the indefinite curfew.
The Minister promised that next month the money is expected to arrive and the Government will be able to release it to all the students.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Justice Aftab H Saikia said that all citizens of India should know the Constitution of the country.
The announcement was issued from Raj Bhvan on 25th July 2024 and today sent to the office of Lamphrang in the Legislative Assembly.
Under the leadership of Vocal Star UK, Chevinia won the title by counting the Viewers Votes in the Grand Finale.
The PDF Mylliem also expresses its regret that the U Tirot Sing Academic Award will not be held in 2020 due to the spread of Covid-1 The Government has decided to suspend the distribution of prizes.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Regarding the information of the Member of Parliament that there are 9 schools which have not received the rice, the government will take action on this information of the MLA. Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Myntri Marcuise N Marak, Head of Water Supply Department, in reply to a question by Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, said that there are many wells which supply water to households through the Jal scheme. Jevan Mission.
Bah Khotkupar said that during the meeting with them, these people did not accuse him of being a bih but suddenly on 22nd October 2024 the village of Riangmang has evicted him.
NESAC has achieved major milestones for the North East, including the implementation of the North Eastern Spatial Data Repository (NeSDR), the identification of potential development sites. thin cloth bad rep soh.
Prime Minister Duh said he had spoken about women-led development at the G20 and that the G20 countries had understood the importance of this.
“When we investigate, there are (foreigners) who have been running the business for 15, 16 years and it is sad that even the Dorbar Shnong does not know.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that Mawlyndep is a village which has a toilet in all the villages. Also present on the occasion were Umsning MLA Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, MDC Ri Bhoi DC RM Kurbah and other Ri Bhoi officials.
MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has said that the NDA government under the leadership of the BJP should not be allowed to come to power again. The BJP now doesn't have any reason to say that they are “shakidar”.
Guwahati, Jymmang 04: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of projects worth Rs 11,000 crore in Guwahati, Assam.
To prevent the illegal entry of Khasi cow buyers into Bangladesh, the government should register the cow farmers and this will prevent the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh. you price you rise too much.
UDr.Jalal Sinha has worked as a doctor in charge of the sick during the COVID-19 pandemic where he has saved many lives. Ladakh, the North East and Kashmir at a time when insurgency was still strong.
Dawki, Naiwieng 12: Two days after the meeting between the BSF and BGB chiefs in Dawki, Bangladeshis today came up to Umsiemb and Dawki to collect stone from the Umngot River.
The Government will take all necessary measures to avoid unfounded expenditure.
The meeting was attended by Ministers of Tourism from different states as well as Union Ministers, Tourism and Hospitality Associations, media and others.
The union is surprised that the bridge which was built to last for 100 years has started to show signs of deterioration.
During the one-day meeting, they discussed how to work together on the border between the two countries and other issues by mutual understanding.
We are the natives of Meghalaya and we have been living in Raid Marwet since 1905,” said Nickel R. Marak.
Union Minister in charge of MSME Nitin Gadkari inaugurated the sale of Suro Khadi made by women affected by the insurgency in J&K on November 17,
During the meeting, the CEM urged the Union of Rangbah Kurs to work together for the passage of the Clam Bill. This is the new work of the nation.
National People’s Party COMING ONE YMBON (WINNER) Rally, 4.
Speaking to the media, Bah Paul said the Government has seen the statement of the HNLC expressing its decision to withdraw from the peace talks only in the media while the Government has not yet. “First of all, I would like to request the HNLC not to withdraw from the peace talks as many of the issues have already started in the talks and we hope that the talks will continue. continue and we want to see a return to the negotiating table," he said.
Shillong, July 07: The Union Minister of State for Education, Dr MM Palmam Raju today laid the foundation stone of the University of English and Foreign Languages ​​at UMsawli.
On the statement by the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma that the incident in Ichamati should not be investigated by a Magistrate but should be handed over to others, the Chief Minister said that they will wait for now. The report from the Magistrate on the day of receipt of the report shall be decided how to proceed.
"The visit of the Chinese Leader to the countries involved in the conflict clearly shows that China is determined to bring peace and dialogue in the right way," Wang told reporters. released on the 12th of January.
Replying to a question on the allegations, Dr Aman said that while they were working, there were cases of being stoned, there were cases of being thrown flowers, as the health department from the beginning. They have struggled to provide hospitals, CHCs and PHCs, they have done their best throughout the state.
At this meeting, the Kur has taken a decision that the Dorbar Pyllun has understood and prohibited any Kur who does not give jait to the father or husband of the Kur. The shyhrang kur shall punish severely according to the rules of the kurs.
The Cell also raised questions on the award of construction to KPC which has bad signs in many places.
At this time, we remember the words of the Buddha: This means: “There is no time when enmities are resolved through enmity, but they are based on non-enmity.
There are 248 recoveries today, 191 from East Khasi Hills, 18 from Ri Bhoi, 13 from South West Garo Hills, 7 from South West Garo Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills. 3, North Garo Hills 2, 6282 cases have been recovered.
The Chief Minister said that so far only in Ri Bhoi District have MLAs been invited to participate in the District Minerals Foundation Governing Council. to include the MPs and MLAs of the District.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Registrar of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) today issued a notice that in accordance with the UGC's directives, as a precautionary measure against the spread of COVID-1 allow teachers and non-teachers to work from home.
Shillong, July 28: The KSU Delhi Unit today sent a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs in Delhi regarding the insult to the Delhi Golf Club on Sunday for the sake of Jainsem.
Tika vaccines for those over 45 years of age are still available and the public is urged to go to the vaccination centers to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The World Population Day was celebrated for six months from 27th July to 10th November and from 11th November to 24th of the same month. Many trainings and public awareness campaigns have been conducted on how to reduce the number of children by using the many resources available to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
During this campaign, the NSSO (FOD) Regional Office Shillong, has looked after the provision of working space in the offices along with the beautification of the offices and cleanliness.
Shillong, November 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will hold a three-day protest to force the government of Dr Mukul Sangma to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. which will start on the 7th and end on the 9th of November.
The government will meet again on Saturday. The Prime Minister will leave for Garo Hills to meet with the health officials. The Chief Minister will visit West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and other districts and the Minister of Home Affairs will visit Jaintia Hills to meet with the health officials.
This is according to the reply of the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly on 20th June,
: The State Government through the Department of Arts and Culture on Saturday handed over the land plot to the Khasi Author Society (KAS) at the YMCA, New Delhi, for the construction of the Khasi Author Society (KAS). The Society has its headquarters at Tribal Research Institute, Mawlai, Shillong on an area of ​​5.40 thousand square feet.
Besides meeting with the EM, the party will also arrange to visit other parts of South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block.
Six cases have recovered from the disease today, 11 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 9 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi. East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 56, Ri Bhoi 20, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 32 and West Jaintia Hills
Perhaps you have slept many nights without food, even though you have worked together to ensure that the nation will be free from the disease.
Speaking to media, Bah Reenbohn said that the KJWA has been talking about the rights of consumers since 2008 and the government has sent members of KJWA to attend training. Delgi since
Replying to the decision of the Congress party not to take part in the opening ceremony of the temple in Ayodhya, he said that the construction of the temple has not been completed but they want to open it by force. it is a political strategy, religious is the responsibility of an individual.
He said that the most important thing at this time is to implement the existing law.
He said that the opening of the One Nation One Ration Card has helped more people.
On the same day, the Prime Minister directed that by November this year, 200 more Micro ATMs should be set up through the MRB to provide convenience to the people in the rural areas who are far from banks. assisting in the implementation of government schemes.
Incumbent Tura MP Agatha Sangma arrived at Walbakgre Polling Station at 7.30 pm to cast her vote.
Dr Mukul said the party will soon meet to discuss the mid-term elections from Shella and decide on the candidate.
The BSF troops acted bravely and defeated two enemies.
The United Nations has also said that the pace of implementation of any tax reform between countries should vary due to differences in tax powers in different jurisdictions.
The GNLA leader brought a Chinese-made 7.62 sniper rifle and 106 unused rounds of ammunition.
Referring to the Coordination Committee, the Chief Minister said that at present it cannot be convened because many of the party leaders are in their respective constituencies, but the political party leaders are You can meet him at any time and also the MLAs without having to ask for time.
Please send any information or comments by message through this website or in any other way; I am ready to work with you in the villages and there are your own needs.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Brabdan Christopher Field, 43, resident of Nongrah, Shillong, has been found dead in his sleep on Tuesday morning. .
At the groundbreaking ceremony, the Chief Minister said that in the past years, many of the roads in the state have been neglected when they are the roads that are used by the people in the state. those towns and villages of those places.
Shillong, November 17: The Parliamentary Board of the BJP party including two MLAs AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to discuss the issue. and regarding his visit to Delhi to meet the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and other ministers.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 3 cases have recovered from the disease, 53 cases are still suffering from the disease and 53 cases are still in hospital for treatment. to 11 people.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Bah Titosstarwell said that the work started in 2019 and the KHADC has allocated T.1 crore, after which T.1.2 crore has been allocated. When the work was not completed, another T.50 lakh was allocated and finally T.15 lakh was allocated.
What is surprising is that this time the Hima has asked for another report regarding the village, in which no action has been taken. what kind of report the raid king had to send.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kharkongor said that as of now, the state does not have a full boundary. , you must know the boundary.
When such a decision has been taken, let us the people of Meghalaya take action to move forward in this struggle for change by supporting the candidates of the MDA in this election.
On this occasion, sanction loans worth 70 lakh tyngka were also distributed to 26 SHGs in the area by the Chief Guest and the dignitaries who attended the programme.
Marwein from Lawrynjam, 2nd – Dang Kyrshanbor Hoojon from Lawrynjam, 3rd – Ebawell Wahlang from Mairang.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that the MDCs of KHADC today decided to reject some of the issues which may affect the Councils. It has decided not to accept the proposal to increase the number of MDCs in the KHADC to
At the same time, the KHADC found that Livingstone Thangkhiew should not have been elected by the dorbar without the recognition of the Executive Committee.
Ed) , who have passed Class XII (45% aggregate) and who also have M.T.ET Passed Certificate so that it will not cause any problem to the teachers and schools within the District.
The union at this meeting discussed and expressed the issue of the students who will sit for this examination, after talks with the union leaders.
Not only that, Samla Banshai stressed that there is a delay in the payment of salaries to the Job Card employees of the MGNREGS scheme of various Village Employment Councils under Mawsynram Block. to receive a daily wage after they have finished working in their village.
You don't have to buy anything, you're the owner of the land.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders said that the land was handed over to the Nagaland government when Ampareen Lyngdoh was the Minister of Urban Affairs.
“After I took over the Home (Jail) department, I asked for a report on the strengthening of the security forces in the jails by installing CCTV cameras and appointing more staff.
The salary increase from the previous one is 25%.
Shillong, Lber 11: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 2 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills
JETS24x7 on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem demanding that the Council should no longer allow trading. License to other Taxi Aggregators in accordance with Section 3A (1) (b) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulations, 1954 (As Amended).
Shillong, March 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its satisfaction with the government's initiative to work with religious leaders to eradicate drugs from Meghalaya and the Khasi community.
Referring to the dulir signed by the Khasi chiefs and the central government, he said that the central government should not treat them with contempt, it should respect them according to the dulir signed by the Khasi chiefs. connected with India.
Expressing his opposition to the handover of the land to the Shillong Golf Club, the Rangbah Shnong said, “The Golf Club has turned it into a business center from the Golflink Ground.
Shillong, July 04: The 22.5 MW Ganol Hydro Power Project in West Garo Hills was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today in the presence of other government ministers. Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Preston Tynsong, who is in charge of the electricity department.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Home Affairs HDR Lyngdoh, Phlastingwell Pangniang MLA, Sengnam Marak MLA Rongjeng, D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin, MDCs. Morningstar Mawsor MDC of this constituency, Kimfa Marbaniang and other government officials.
In a statement, KSU Mawlai Circle Information & Publicity Secretary Pynshai Rani said that the KSU Mawlai Circle has found 177 foreigners working illegally within the border. of the village of Mawlai.
As part of the struggle to promote the team, the club has signed an agreement with Lecherita's, a famous Spanish women's singing group, to sing a song known as as in 'Take me to Marbella'.
It is our effort that the PRIs, by looking at their own needs, bring their own revenue generation opportunities along with the implementation of government schemes through the participation of the people and implement the schemes according to their needs. Panchayat from this money and that they continue to move forward towards development.
On the other hand, the DC said that the purpose of the public hearing will be for those who have been affected and the order of the High Court of Meghalaya also says so but there are also those who do not. shah kaha but you don't know.
In the case of anti-body therapy, the effect can be as long as the proteins that have been injected into the body remain in the blood.
The share of posts and services under the 'Public Undertakings and Government Aided Institutions' should be increased.
There are 641 cases in the state, 419 cases in East Khasi Hills, 85 cases in BSF, 71 cases in Army and 263 cases in civilians.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The General Meeting of the Congress Committee of the West Jaintia Hills District Committee (MDC) was held today in Jowai to appoint the new office bearers of the Congress Committee. JHADC, Vice President.
The Seng feels that the Chief Executive Member of the Hima has sold the honor of the Hima by coming to show in front of the public and within the Hima his freedom of marriage.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he will continue to follow up on this issue so that they can start the work as it has been pending for more than two years.
To resolve this, it has been handed over to the Chief Secretary to look into the matter.
On the 6th of this month, the election was held to elect the new Sordar of Sohphoh Pyrton and on the 12th of this month, the sand was given. These three villages have now reached a peace agreement.
All employees under the NI Act 1881 on that day, even if they have received leave, must pay the salary of the MDC mid-term elections. This will include those who work outside the area if they are from the area.
Because it was on this day that the spirit of struggle entered the Khasi people to fight against the dohling who tried to destroy the women and children in this Khasi Hills. Tirot Singh, the king of the Nongkhlaw Hima, fought against the French.
This is a very large gain.
The meeting was held today in the presence of the Meghalaya Police to ensure that there will be no violence and to ensure that there will be peace and order in the area.
Shillong, July 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inaugurated the new building of Dalu Bengali Secondary School.
There are 30 villages under the Mawpat C&RD Block and those villages are Mawpat (CT), Pynthorbah, Pynthorumkhrah, Lumshyiap, Nongmynsong, Madan Saisiej, Umroh, Mawlong, Nongrah, Lapalang, Rynjah, Nongshilliang, Pohkseh, Lumbatngen, Nongrim Hills, Demthring, Nongkhyriem, Lawjynriew, Lumsohphoh and Rimphdienglod.
The Prime Minister said that today's meeting was held at a football stadium during the Football World Cup.
Shillong, Lber 23: Police have arrested two members of the Solidarity Forum (DSU) Eastern Zone and Northern Zone on the opening day of the Non Corporation Movement.
I will form a Congress-led government with between 45 and 52 MLAs.
Before the country had 100 cases, it had already ensured that everyone who came from other countries had to stay alone for 14 days.
The meeting was conducted by Susheel Kumar, Secretary and Border Officer.
After discussion on many issues, the meeting elected the following office bearers. Justin Nongkseh was elected as President, Endrius Ryntong as Secretary, Vice President Lamphrang Myrthong and Sanji Myrthong as Vice President. There were also other office bearers including Bah Toning Tyrsa as the Chief Executive Officer.
Various speakers on this day mentioned only a few of the great deeds that this leader has left behind and which are witnesses to his legacy.
Police of East Khasi Hills today raided the place at Jaiaw Umpohliew Bridge connecting Mawlai and in this search within 10 hours they recovered all three firearms. INSAS Rifle from the same place.
Will the police deal with such behaviour.
Police of Dawki Police Station have arrested Bah Sulin Suting, 70, resident of Pyrdiwah village under Raid Mukertilla, Pynursla Civil Sub Division on the 11th of this month.
Ronggrik B Sangma of Aeroville Higher Secondary School, Tura came fourth with 562 marks.
Four persons were injured in the incident which occurred during the KAS meeting at Madan Malki. They were transported by Ambulance 108 which was at the scene. meeting.
Until today, no one has been able to rescue these people who were trapped inside the coal mine.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The BSF on Friday seized 1180 grams of heroin from East Khasi Hills District on the border with Bangladesh. you thie country.
He also stressed on the importance of cleanliness and as set by the Prime Minister Narendra Madi through the Swachh Bharat Mission, if such public awareness campaigns are held regularly and appointed Indian trees will not be affected by the natural disasters as claimed by scientists.
“It was during my tenure in charge of the water supply department that the subsidy was increased but this too is not enough”.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnong who expressed his gratitude to the Seng for being ready to join hands to help these families, added that It is not only about helping but as a nation we should also have a spirit of compassion.
He left India from 2013 to 2017 to complete his studies in Theology at the Johannesburg Seminary in Leuven-Belgium.
“Then they will send this matter to the Committee which will visit all the States which have implemented the Sixth Schedule.
This contract agreement confirms the employment of the employees in which the contract has an automatic annual renewal.
However, the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) has increased the price of the power plant to T.671.29 crore since 2006. The expansion of the power plant from 10 units to 3 units in 2009 has increased its cost to T.965.93 crore and by 2010 the first unit has been commissioned. It has reached T.1173.13 crore.
Shillong Lajong will now have to prepare for their next match against Delhi Football Club on the 22nd November, 2023 at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
CEM of GHADC Boston Marak and Deputy Commissioner Cyril VD Diengdoh were also present.
The Election Department has already issued a notice in the past few days that the public is prohibited from carrying more than T.50,000 tyngka.
Furthermore, the export of sohniamtra to the Middle East has encouraged farmers to cultivate more sohniamtra.
During the march, the students carried their own placards with slogans expressing their opposition to drugs and crime. who come out of this evil drink.
M Syngkli Secretary of the Joint Action Committee of Jirang Hima said that we have already lodged a complaint with the KHADC regarding the issues and alleged that the Syiem has done politics on the Khaddar rule. it is now up to the EC office to take a decision and their complaints are on 19 issues.
The General Secretary of the NHPF, Bah Youbarlin Lyngdoh Sangriang, has urged the State Government to help the family of Kong Rilinda Khmah by providing assistance but not by paying money so that she cannot survive. , to raise and educate her two young children who had lost their own Father.
In this incident, 32 households have been affected and 12 people have been injured.
Recurve Men team Lovely Professional University, Punjab represented by Mrinal Chauhan, Aditya Chaudhary, Santosh Dutta and Jashandeep won a Gold Medal.
It is on this basis that the NEFIP has decided to support the demands whether it is ILP, NRC or any other law to protect the indigenous people.
HNLC Ksiang Sadon Blah said that in recent times, there have been discussions with the government on how to provide security for them to enter and leave the country. The party leaders who took part in the peace talks and the second is the increase in the number of party members.
Others who attended the program included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah A.Nongbri, Block Development Officer. Mairang C&RD Block, Mr. V Swer.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The three-day annual Suk Mynsiem Shad of the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar has ended today with the participation of 1100 men and women from all over the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 22: Meghalaya today celebrated its 46th anniversary with public meetings held by the government across parts of Meghalaya.
He said this will help to develop agriculture, farm delivery and tourism in those areas at a low cost and also help to prevent floods, and will benefit the economy. book in the region.
The Prime Minister said that he does not want to name the shooting incident in Tura in which one person was killed in the shooting incident in Tura on 14/9/2
He said that in Mawryngkneng Block, one village has been affected by the cyclone and up to 21 houses have been damaged.
"The exercise will further strengthen the relationship between the Indian and Malaysian armies, and will also strengthen the relationship between the two countries," Vaid said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: As a thanksgiving after the rice harvest in Garo Hills, those who still hold the traditional religion have held the Wangala ritual in their homes and as a village.
“The AJYWO also urges the present government to create strict security measures to protect the indigenous people.
The Commission has met with many government unions, private sector, groups and various government departments to discuss and understand their views.
If it is necessary to come out to fight against this in the coming days, we will start from Mawlai and go to different parts of Khasi-Jaintia. The opposition is directed to the government to oppose the reservation policy and the implementation of the roster system.
They will enhance the capacity of this training center which can play a major role in the development of traditional medicine in the region.
As a child, he used to help his parents by helping to cultivate the fields and raise cattle.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District said that these 26 persons have been arrested in the last 52 days.
According to the information, these states have 80 out of 100 cases of Covid-19 in the country.
Foreigners have been allowed to come to other states of the North East like Assam and Tripura.
The Director of DERT, in a meeting with the MSSASA leaders today, could not promise anything regarding the preparation of the result, but said only in words that it will be discussed. and the NIOS office in Guwahati and the Chairman of NIOS in Noida.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, MPs Agatha K Sangma and Thoman A Sangma today met Union Minister of State for Urban Affairs Hardeep S Puri.
To verify this doubt of the people, the responsible union has taken this step to send for testing of water according to the Standard Operating Procedure of the State Food Testing Laboratory, Pasteur Hills, Shillong. Unfortunately, the Minister has not read the copy of the report which we have submitted to the Chief Minister. and send a copy to the Minister of PHE and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government.
The Rangbah HPF has left for the house of the deceased and the sorrow of the soul has been applied to the household. W Marwein is a very old man in this village.
Since 2018 when the NPP started to rise, there have been many threats not to vote for the NPP because the NPP is the BJP and when they win and especially when they get to rule the Government They will even close down the churches and will not even allow them to hold worship,” said Prestone.
The DC's office said that the police have provided all the necessary facilities to provide financial assistance.
The construction of the full office is located in the village of Pynursla. The new office is not far from the main road to Dawki. The main road to the SDO office has been completed.
In the midst of the celebration, police have received a tip that some drug traffickers have been walking around Shillong to offer to youngsters during the celebration. bad.
thohjer thohnam-thoh means to write on a page and jer means to name something.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The All Jaintia Hills Mid Day Workers Union today came to Shillong to hold a protest to demand the increase in the number of students. The daily wage has been increased from T.1000 to T.
Shillong, March 9: The Government of Meghalaya together with the Central Government and banks in the state have conducted a public awareness campaign on the MUDRA system to help The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium today.
The program concluded with a valedictory program in which Shri Nilanjan Sanyal (Retired IAS), Chairperson, Board of Governors, CCH, New Delhi was the Chief Guest.
On the other hand, the district administration said that they cannot say how much damage has been caused as government officials especially the Gram Sevaks are still investigating the incident.
The purpose of this month is to fight against corruption and everyone should work together to fight against corruption. watch.
The purpose of the Prime Minister's visit to the Iewduh is not known but it is understood that the purpose is to work with the Hima Mylliem on how to improve the largest market in the country. state of Meghalaya.
In Ri Bhoi District, two persons have tested positive for COVID-19 today, one from the army and one from a poor mother who went for treatment at Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, who were present on the occasion, confirmed that no case of Coronavirus has been reported so far. China, Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and Thailand are the countries affected by the disease.
At present, the installation of these lights has started in Garo Hills in the areas where the lights have already been cut.
During the inspection, the Minister found that the work is in progress and the excavation has been completed and what remains now is to build the two bridges. M/S Dhar Brother Construction Company at a cost of T.40.47 crore. The construction of the road started in April 2013 and will be completed by October 2014, he said.
The question to the Forest Department is that the purpose of putting such an empty area in fact should be allowed especially when our fellow citizens can earn a living especially in such a situation. at a time when the unemployment of the people of the country has increased greatly.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that it is not yet clear how many people have lost their lives in the overturning of the bus from Silchar to Guwahati. However, this tragic incident will continue tomorrow morning as it has not yet been completed today.
On the same day, she will address a meeting at Mawphlang and inaugurate the upgradation of Rongjeng-Mangsang Adokgre Road and Mairang-Ranigodown-Azra Road through digital technology and will also lay the foundation stone for Shillong. Peak Ropeway and tourist accommodation in Kongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim villages.
In the women's competition, all the medals were won by the runners from East Khasi Hills District.
As usual every year, there was also a meeting in Nongkhlaw which was held by various groups to commemorate this great man of the nation who gave his life to fight against the French. who attacked the children of thousands while they were building the road from Guwahati to Shyllet through the Nongkhlaw Hima.
More than 500 places of worship were destroyed.
At the same time, they demanded from the Prime Minister that until it can be resolved, they should continue as usual.
He was accompanied by UDP leaders, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State from the NPP and other leaders from the constituency.
Everyone is directed to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the fight against COVID-19, to prevent the spread of the disease.
Kerrydiam Lamin, General Secretary, JSU War Jaintia Circle, said that it is necessary for the people of the area to call 108 in case of emergency cases as this is a free assistance from the government. The 108 is also the one that has a basic life support system within it which is very helpful to the sick especially in the emergency rooms.
People in urban areas will not benefit from this," he said.
On the other hand, the union wants the Meghalaya government not to listen to what the Assam government says, because many of the areas under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya have been invaded. They should not demand from the Assam government to take them back to Assam and should not be in Meghalaya because they cause trouble in the area.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that according to RTI, 36 factories in Umiam have paid light bills of T.2,49,35,849.85/-.
The Minister said that the floods in Garo Hills have affected three districts, South Garo Hills District and West Garo Hills District. flood.
Police from time to time conduct searches to track down illegal coal miners.
On the government side, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Parliamentary Affairs, Balajied Kuprar Synrem, on the opposition side, Dr. Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
If they don't accept this, it's better to divorce, as it doesn't affect the youth even those from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
(MIPR).
Referring to the employment, the Chief Minister said that 80% to 85% of the employees in these two hotels are from Meghalaya.
Latest reports from the NPP party said that the welcoming ceremony of these four MDCs to the NPP party will be held next month. Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shri Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he feels the need to meet with Shri Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. who is ready to discuss whether any of the provisions of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession fall within the provisions of the Constitution of India.
At this meeting , the Seng demands from the government to immediately release the project without any restrictions due to the development in these areas where there is a mutual conflict between the two countries Governments of Assam and Meghalaya that development works can come from both the states according to the agreements from the DCs in the previous governments.
The MDCs who joined the PDF today are former CEM of KHADC HS Shylla, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Victor Rani, UDP candidate Latiplang Kharkongor, James Ban Basaiawmoit. Chairman of KHADC LG Nongsiej, Grace Kharpuri, Morningstar Mawsor, Blandingstar Warjri, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Albinus Lyngdoh have left the HSPDP. Congress, Mr. James Sylliang Indpendent.
“We will not refuse to lift the 48 hour curfew which we have already called for from 5 pm on the 30th of this month to 5 pm on the 2nd of this month in East Jaintia Hills District. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India will be held at the Presbyterian Church Laitumkhrah, Shillong. Many of the PCI delegates will have to pass through the NH. 44.
In this attempt to become a leader who can convey your wishes and aspirations to the government as a Member of Parliament from Shillong Seat in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, I request that you support me with your votes.
To cancel the public hearing or public hearing on the Star Cement Project and to take written signatures of the supporters and opponents of the project and send it to the MoEF&CC. He has sent a letter to the MoEF&CC of the Government of India and this action of the CM shows that he has no knowledge or consultation with the Cabinet Ministers. There are now some ministers of the state who are against the EC of Star Cement.
The MDCs of KHADC who won the MLA election are Gabriel Wahlang, Charles Pyngrope and Ronie V Lyngdoh.
The IBSD includes all kinds of research in many areas including traditional medicine in the North Eastern Region of India which has improved income and employment. .
Martin M Danggo said he believes that this is just a trick of someone to create differences or misunderstanding between the prime minister and him. He said that if there is any change in the background, he will not hesitate to talk to the National President of the party. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the State President and the top leaders of the party and if he does, he will resign from my post as Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board and from the party.
All these show the determination and strength of 'Jan Andolan' to bring about rapid change.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today accompanied the delegation to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at the Meghalaya Secretariat.
Meanwhile, the Board of Election of JYF has received many nomination papers from members and non-members who wish to contest the election. After reviewing all these nomination papers, it has decided to allow all those who wish to contest the election including the post of President, General Secretary and others.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee today swore in Justice Biswadeep Bhattacharjee as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya.
He said that a date has been fixed for the examination for us citizens of the country.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare initially conducted the Anti Body test, but since 13th November 2020, the Antigen Test and RTPCR have been used. Test until now to criticize that they are still doing Anti Body test is wrong.
Gandhi Hindi University, Prayag, Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.17.
In the 3rd Division, Lawsohtun defeated Metalica Rising and with this victory, Lawsohtun have now moved up to the 2nd Division.
It is learned that it was only in Nongalbibra that the market opened in the morning but after 12 o'clock it was closed.
The new date of the fete and the lucky draw of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District will be announced soon within the next few days, after the Executive Committee of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar District. The Dkhar Kur East Jaintia Hills District has already held a meeting.
Another body, which is still in the morgue at Khliehriat Civil Hospital, has not been identified.
In this regard, the State Government together with those concerned on the part of the Chief Secretary upon receipt of the report shall take the necessary action. The CBI should examine the report and if there is still a need to investigate, it can do so and after finding that it is complete, the report should be sent to the state government within three months.
Speaking on the RTI, Bhabok Syiemiong said that according to the complaint against Patrick, he has issued NOC to the Assam government to build a road from Mawdaki to Hawla and from Mawdaki to Hawla. Jimbregoan said that the RTI did not contain any records of the incident.
The Seng also strongly condemns Tathagata Roy for his speech in these days which shows that this person is speaking without knowledge and perhaps he has a shortcoming in his thinking.
Kong Saioo's courage and leadership has helped her to achieve her goal.
The reason is that some doctors who have gone to study after completing their studies pay the bond to the government and do not want to work with the government.
The Yatra aims to reach more than 2.55 lakh Gram Panchayats and more than 3,600 Village Authorities in urban areas by 25th July, 2024 in all districts of the country.
New Delhi, Nailar 13: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has honored the members of the country's athletics team who participated in the Commonwealth Games (CWG) 2022 in New Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS) and the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem today held a meeting to discuss the VAB. to meet with the authorities of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
On the other hand, the KSU said that the KSU understands that the road is also necessary but in the view of the KSU, it is enough for the area to give it only in colour. which is better than the road that leads to all the shikatta.
The flooding of the Umngi River in Balat village has been going on for many years and in the past 10 years about 70 households have been flooded every rainy season. and now the rain has also taken away half of the market which has been built by the government as a market complex.
He was sent to Government Law College in Mumbai.
There are 38 villages affected by the cyclone from Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block. 279 houses have been destroyed. There were 400 houses, 679 houses were counted.
The total number of affected households is 500 in 14 villages.
In a major step to improve transportation in the North East, the Prime Minister will inaugurate a new airport in Arunachal Pradesh – the Donyi Polo Airport, Itanagar.
The students who have been admitted are between the ages of 12 to 20 years.
Jowai, Naiwieng 16: The Thlongmoo Iooksi Youth Association (KYYWK) has honored and congratulated Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan, one of the youths of the village who is contesting the MLA election 2018 from 4 Mowkaiaw LA Constituency.
“The Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) should immediately stop the attempt to sit in Khyndailad as this will be like adding fuel to the burning fire. now and if the Government allows such intentions of the MLMF it will lead to ethnic differences and power struggles and if any tragic incident happens through this Government will have to take responsibility. head.
He said that it may take within 2 or 3 months to bring the Bill related to KHADC to JHADC. He said that he is ready to support a public awareness meeting in Jowai next month.
Initially, there was also an agreement between the Hima Mawphlang and the KHADC to look after it.
“We strongly condemn this attack by these criminals on the Enforcement Police of KHADC and also on the journalists in the seizure of Trading License of the Police of KHADC in Iewduh in the presence of journalists. Message.
At the same time, it was reported in the House that the Central Government has allowed the State Governments to borrow money from the market to fill the shortfall by increasing the 3% allocation. This will increase to 5% and this will help the state to generate at least T.600 to T.
The introduction of CAB 2016 by the BJP is to exterminate the minorities of the North East of India. This not only affects the Khasi people but also the minorities of the North East. we are all together.
Regarding the farmers, he said that they should not worry because they have 1917-ITEAM vehicles. If they have jhur, please call 1917 to buy and deliver the jhur to the farmers in Shillong. The same is true of other districts in the state.
Shillong, November 01: Within 22 days of the announcement by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to abolish the T.500 and T.1000 notes, the fruits of the struggle have started to appear in this country. Meghalaya has been affected by the insurgency in Garo Hills.
At this juncture, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi, and the Council of Nokmas, We send our condolences to you, Mother, Wife, Children, Brothers, Sisters, Grandchildren, and the Children of Hajar of Rymbai District.
During their visit to Delhi, they will meet the National Human Rights Commission and submit a report to the NHRC. The Eastern Range will head the investigation team.
It was also clarified that the CoMSO has resolved itself, regarding the name of the Act, not to say ILP, but to amend the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act, which was enacted in 2016 by introducing three provisions under the MRSS Act.
A meeting of the owners and drivers of commercial vehicles from Shillong to Nongjri will be held on the 12th of this month at Youh Hostel.
A central government team set up to monitor the situation in the affected areas across the country has left for Maharashtra to inspect the AI ​​outbreak areas and conducted an epidemiological survey.
Gideon Lyngdoh got 424 marks while Bansiewdor Dohling got 421 marks.
The start-up valuation relates to a future date based on funds received from other investors.
It is a great blessing to the party to open this office because through the existence of the party office we have been able to serve better and bring us closer to the people.
They have to change the names of the candidates more than 2 times so I don't think it's intended to empower women but that there is no other option," he said.
It is learned that many of the children of the employees in GHADC have been happy to drop out of their studies whether they are in schools or colleges. Shillong, November 21: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the first gate of the GHADC. in the presence of the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling.
There are currently 1327 cows in the BSF camps on the border with Bangladesh and all these cows have been ordered to be auctioned to buyers.
(SP News ).
According to police, a mother who identified herself as Antoinette had lodged a complaint with the police that her husband had committed suicide in his sleep.
The Hima Mylliem today sent two ministers to inspect to ensure that the market dwellers in Iewduh comply with the orders of the government and at the same time that the people put their SOP not prescribed by the government.
When asked about the border talks between the two states, he said that what is happening between the governments of Assam and Meghalaya is unacceptable that only the two chief ministers of the state. make a decision.
Since the 19th of this month, the union has made it clear that the struggle and demand will continue.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, who was also present on the occasion, expressed his happiness to receive this gift from the Chief Minister. .
Tura, Nailur 22: A fire broke out in Tura this afternoon, destroying wooden houses near the Bank HDCF Branch.
Seeing this, they informed the Sardar Police Station and on receiving this information, the police sealed the shop and called the owner of the shop to come and open it.
The theme of the celebration of this day for the year 2012 to 2015 is that "no more deaths from tuberculosis, no more new cases of tuberculosis. this disease and not to have any remedy for those who have this disease"
Sunak thanked his supporters and said he would resign from the party leadership.
Regarding the Constituency MDCs who have resigned, the MDCs have come to the mid-term elections and what they have received is the request of the Rangbah Shnongs and it has been given to the villages according to their request. The Council has rejected a scheme in the State Level Committee and the remaining money will not be distributed to the MDCs who win the mid-term elections.
In this way, there are times when it goes quickly with the words of the thylliej, the story, the prayer, the prayer to exercise the power of the maïa and there are times when it is written or written or translated or written just to protect against these things. They are the ones who destroy or destroy these things.
The Congress has not yet decided who will be given the ticket as it is waiting for the announcement of the Election Commission of India regarding the Rajya Sabha MP election in Meghalaya which has only one MP. In 2008, Thomas A Sangma won the MP election to the Rajya Sabha, but after he came to contest the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly, he had to resign. claim.
On the same day, besides the Rangbah Shnong and Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah P Nongshli was elected as the General Secretary, Bah S Umbah as the Assistant General Secretary and other members of the committee of the village.
“We have about 10 members of the Research Team headed by Prof Badaplin War as the Chief Supervisor and Dr. Barika Khyriem from the Department of Linguistics, NEHU as the Joint Supervisor.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Superintendent of Fisheries Department of the State Government of East Khasi Hills today announced that farmers who have more than 1000 sq meter of land can apply for assistance from the Ministry of Fisheries. Government to build fish ponds under the scheme.
We plan to set up Alternate Fuel Stations (EV charging/CNG/LPG/LNG/CBG etc.) at 22,000 places by June
To reach Nongpriang village you have to get off at Mawiong Khri village which is the main road and walk to reach this village which has dozens of households. legs of the scheme work one hundred days.
At the same time, all the residents have been ordered not to leave their homes.
The hearing of nomination papers will be held on the 22nd June, 2023 at 1 pm.
The meeting was attended by all the members of the MDA and they renewed their commitment to work together in the MDA government. He expressed his gratitude to all the MDA members who went to Tura to campaign for him in this mid-term election.
These demands put forward by NESO affect the entire North East.
KSU President Forwardman Nongrem said in a statement sent today.
On the allegation that there is a problem in the purchase of Uriah fertilizer, the BJP leader said that the Mylliem MLA should answer to the farmers of the state, where the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has appointed the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
He said that the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of Eastern West Khasi Hills District provides an opportunity to remember the hard work of all those who have achieved the aspirations of the people of the area to get the district. opened on November 10, 2021.
On receiving the incident, Mawsynram Police Station rushed to the scene and found that the crowd had gathered lyngbung and to disperse them, they could not shoot into the air to disperse them. him.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has said that the current disease will not have any risk as before or any new symptoms.
On the other hand, the MSOA leaders said that they will wait for the end of the budget session to talk to the authorities of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs.
This is our foundation, this is our slogan, the agenda of the NPP party is to protect, to preserve, to preserve the culture, religion and customs, from the faith and worship of the poor not not only in Meghalaya but in the whole of India,” said Prestone.
At Manikganj, the Chief Minister laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Manikganj Cultural Auditorium in North Garo Hills District to preserve the culture and traditions of the Rabhas.
There was an allegation that the resolution was announced 10 days before it was supposed to be announced.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Army today laid a wreath at the Rhino Heritage Museum to commemorate the soldiers who sacrificed their lives to defend the country in the Kargil war. in 1999, what was known as Operation Vijay.
There are 503 cases in East Khasi Hills, 22 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 10 cases in West Garo Hills. , West Jaintia Hills 8 people.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, said that the ration for AAY, PHH and hospitals has been released and the police have been released for the months of June and June. the sugar was released for May and November of 2015.
Students who wish to be trained can also call the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) at 9863943125 & 9863060576 or email them.
It is learned that this blackout has severely affected the students of the village and also the health centers, as well as the residents of the village as a whole.
If one is found, it is difficult to stop, on the part of the government, from religious organizations, various religious leaders to civil society organizations and especially the unions of village headmen. They urged them to cooperate with this decision of the government to ensure that the people of the state are safe.
The BJP is deeply concerned about the unemployment and backwardness in the region. The BJP will take action when it comes to power in Delhi regarding the allegations of corruption. student.
Think20 (T20) is the Engagement Group of the G2
After the Government approved or accepted the suggestions of the Sengbhalang to the Government for the purpose of fighting against mynder, we were a little disappointed, but now the Government has wasted time by setting up three Committees and giving them time. The Committee shall have two months to complete its work.
The Seng through a petition submitted today through the Secretary in charge of Education, Samla Enlang Sawian.
Otherwise, it will be difficult for the CM to implement the ILP which has not existed since 1873 without the approval of the Central Government.
He is also the son of Bah Larry P Warjri.
In this regard, the Meghalaya government has now had to spend from its budget to complete the two roads funded under the PMGSY scheme, the road to Nohron Village and the road to Nohron Village. to go to Nongryngkoh.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Special Anti-Drug Trafficking Unit of Shillong Police on Tuesday arrested a Manipur woman from Madanriting and seized Rs 500.29 from her. grams of heroin.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today convened a meeting of the Central Executive Committee to discuss the 2024 MP elections and the MDC elections. elections.
The Chief Minister said that the government does not agree with the 97% release. The government wants to release the remaining 3% of the CAA, A special session will be convened to take a decision to implement the ILP in the state.
Speaking at the public meeting, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction that he has been able to open this police station for the sake of ease in the running of the country. peace be upon you in this land and in the land.
Thakur said the Government appreciates the empowerment of women, and this is evident through Ujjwalayojana and Drone Didi.
The Seng strongly warns that it will not allow foreigners to sell illegally during the Synod. The Seng will not take responsibility if there is any illegal sale. what happened.
When the Citizenship Act was passed in 1955, the legislators of that time did not allow religion to be the basis because it was against the fundamental principles of the Constitution. Country.
The meeting also elected the office bearers of the party to be the members of the executive committee and seven others were elected to be the members of the party.
The District Session Judge, East Khasi Hills District, Bah A. Kharumnuid, Sordar of Smit, Bah KM Syiem and others were present on the occasion.
With the implementation of the CPC and CrPC across the state, people have started refusing to come to the District Council courts. The District Courts shall continue to exercise their jurisdiction under Articles 4 and 5 of the Sixth Schedule.
The Seng in these days will send a petition to the CEO of Shillong Municipal Board to deploy security forces in this area and to immediately remove these people involved in such activities. and before you give a place to anyone, you must first examine it.
During these four days of the Puja, Hindu devotees were able to visit from one pandan to another, there was also a drum competition and the festival went smoothly until today all the rituals have been completed by the sacrifice of God.
At a public meeting held on Saturday, Conrad said that there are about 300 villages in Garo Hills which do not have adequate roads.
The tournament was the first time it was held for those with visual impairments.
On the other hand, Prestone said the government will meet again on the first day to discuss whether it is possible to open these two markets. He said that even if the shops are opened, the government will allow only a few shops and not all.
Regarding all these incidents, the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle urges the government to refuse to arrest these youths and women and those who have been arrested should be released.
At present, the electricity supply to these two districts is from Resubelpara of North Garo Hills. GSU President Chuba R Marak said that the disco light has been turned off.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the CGIAS with the support of CR Projects and Suraksha Medical Team.
David Kharsathi, General Secretary BJP Meghalaya, was also present on the occasion.
When the world is struggling to fight against COVID-19 in 2020, India has been able to curb this deadly disease through decision-making leadership, preparedness India has been able to provide more than 200 million medicines to more than 90% of the population of the country and has also been able to provide assistance to other countries by sending The vaccine is available as part of the Vaccine Maitri programme.
He said that it takes only once to visit Langpih.
CBC stands committed to adapting to the changing times and embracing new technologies in order to provide more information to people.
He said the cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP would help strengthen both the parties.
The budget presented by the Prime Minister today is a budget without any new taxes that the government wants to impose on the people.
The government has already acquired land for the construction of sports grounds at Mawdiangdiang and Dalmagre near Tura.
In these days, police have arrested many ganja and drug traffickers from many parts of Shillong.
The EJNC demands that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, explain to the public why the police have the authority to shoot dead former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Nangjan Dkhar, General Secretary of the party, said that the CBI has been investigating the incident.
Regarding the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Ranikor , the state government has requested the NoC and at the same time the MLA of this area Bah Pius Marwein has sent a letter urging the KHADC to issue NoC. Before taking any decision, the KHADC will convene a meeting to discuss whether to issue or not to issue NOC. Shillong, Nailur 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya Replying to a question by Dikkanchi D Shira regarding the schemes through the NLCPR, Conrad K Sangma said the works are in progress while those who have received the funds are still in progress.
He said India is now the seventh largest economy in the world.
Shillong, June 14: Meghalaya Health Secretary Sampath Kumar today informed the Treaty Sudan Secretary Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government of Meghalaya that In a letter, the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, has confirmed that one case of COVID-19 has been confirmed at NEIGRIHMS. Former employees of Bethany Hospital Shillong have tested positive for COVID-1
KHNAM also urges the employees who work in different places to come forward and complain if they are still receiving less than the salary set by the government.
Purno has written a book called “Talatani” which means an explanation of what he has done for the people of Garo Hills.
Police have chased the vehicle and found it at the NM Hotel in Mawiong which was left by the robbers. Police are investigating to find the owner of the vehicle.
Subhrata Rabha from North Garo Hills won the Best Goal Keeper award while Shamiki Myrchiang from West Jaintia Hills won the Best Goal Keeper award.
However, the delay in the release of the results of the Witten examination by the Commission has raised many doubts about the transparency in the completion of the examination and also which has affected the applicants whether it is in their minds. thinking and in the economy.
The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner Rosetta Mary Kurbah and officers.
Bah Renoldi Kharbani from Thadwang said that there are 14 groups, two from Nongstoi, two from Mairang, four from Shillong and one from Shillong. from Nongpoh and others from Guwahati.
On this day, not only were those who went for examination examined but also medicines were distributed to those people who have various diseases according to the findings of the doctors.
The education cell of the Seng strongly condemns this action of the government without any thought and consideration for the people and especially for the students.
The organization will continue to monitor this.
Replying to the cut motion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the government now has 12 hospitals, 28 CHCs and 110 PHCs. has received sanction from the Central Government to build two 50 bedded health centres, one at Umsning in Ri Bhoi District and one at Mahendrganj.
At the same time, he urged the government to respect the historical background and to repatriate the people living there to Meghalaya.
That struggle continues without interruption while the Garo are still struggling in these few years after the loss of the Khasi language.
The Sengbhalang has demanded a diverted ILP.
The BSF requests the villagers, police and BGB to cooperate in the fight against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
The seizure of goods worth T.50,000/- tyngka took place while the law enforcement agencies were searching for land vendors on the sidewalks at GS Road in Police Bazar. .
Shillong, July 06: The JSU today met with the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture of the State Government, Bah Sanbor Shullai. The Department of Arts and Culture has decided to improve the District Library and Auditorium Hall in Jowai.
You want to show your authority by coming into the House and following the AD Rule.
The East Khasi Hills Authority on Thursday issued an order banning illegal mining and quarrying in the hills and shyiap below the river by any person. companies or any authorities without first obtaining a Mining License/Quarry Permit and other Clearance Certificate from the relevant authorities.
This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs.
Emphasizing the traditional beliefs of India and the nature of our legal system, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has stressed the need for our laws to reflect India's traditional beliefs and customs. work according to today.
If there has been any allocation of funds from the Central and State Governments to the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plants Board, how many medicinal plants have been planted?
U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who was newly elected as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KAAC), on Tuesday spoke by telephone to the Chief Executive Member (KAAC) Dr. Kuliram Ronghang not to disturb the residents of the border villages under the Raid Nongtung, Hima Khyrim.
, Mawiong while three others, Digreathson G Momin Assistant Commandant of 2MPL Bn Goeragre, Tura, Madalu Ram AB Inspector, 4th MLP (2nd IRBN) Sohpian, Nongstoin (i/c trg.
Now, anyone in Jammu and Kashmir, like all citizens of India, can approach the government in Delhi.
The FKJGP has questioned whether the District Council wants to kill the indigenous people. The FKJGP demands that the KHADC should no longer renew such trading licenses when the people of the country have been able to do so. to the work.
In this regard, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has started the process of amending Rule 8 of the Central Motor Vehicles Act 1989 and a draft notification on this will be issued soon.
At the same time, the AYWO has set up two phone numbers +917005619212/+919089144026 where the public can complain if the drivers do not follow the instructions of the government authorities in this regard. bad car fare.
Latest reports from the Urban Development Department said that even the government is now in the midst of a big problem how to do this work, because these houses have already been built before the construction of the The order to build houses in those areas outside the Municipal must also be approved.
Bah Nongbet is a lover of traditional music, a writer and composer, a singer and has trained himself to play the Duitara which is one of the most popular traditional musical instruments among the Khasi people.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Chairperson of the National Commission for Women (NCW) Rekha Sharma on Tuesday said that the violence against women in the North East is lower than in other parts of India. of India, especially in the eastern parts of India.
Referring to his resignation from the Congress party, Hek said the Congress party is a good party, but the blame lies with the Congress party leaders who have done wrong.
The day was started with the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan or cleanliness drive of the college and its surroundings by the students of the NSS Unit of the College.
Latest reports said that some Congress MLAs have urged the Prime Minister to call for talks with the civil society organizations to talk to them again on the issue of floods. of foreigners in the state.
The ceremony was held at the Headquarters of the Police Station. Other officers of the Police Department were also present to witness the award ceremony.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr. LR Bishnoi today said that the state police have received information that many people have received letters demanding money from the Hynniewtrep People's Liberation Army (TPLF). The HNLC and the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) through social media, WhatsApp, Telegram and SMS. organizations that have been illegally recognized by the government is a crime before the law, such assistance is against the country and puts the lives of the innocent people at risk.
On this occasion, Ruben said that the party strongly opposes because these people are illegal residents and have no right to apply from the Forest Department to convert Mahadev Khola as their residence. The KSU has met with the Principal CCF and HOFF of the Forest and Environment Department to demand that the department should not accept the request of these people to change their residence in this area.
Referring to the preparation of KAS to complete the Khasi Dictionary within three years, Lamphang said that there are still words written by Babu Soso Tham that need to be read thoroughly. .
“Therefore, we appeal to the district authorities to take the necessary measures so that such incidents should not happen again in the future for the safety of all the residents,” said the statement.
New Delhi, July 8: The third phase of the Khelo India Youth Games, scheduled to be held in Guwahati from July 10-22, 2020, is approaching.
He directed the states to participate in the webinars organized by AIIM, Delhi every Tuesday and Thursday.
Similarly, recently, the Hima Maharam under Section 9 of the KHAD Act 2006, has enacted a Rule entitled 'The Maharam Syiemship (Administration) Rules' 2009 and according to the Rule of the Hima Maharam, it is clearly stated in Section 10 clause (6) 'Non-Tribals are not allowed to settle in any area under the territorial jurisdiction of the Maharam Syiemship. .
Shillong, June 13: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) has announced that Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit as CEM may have a change of leadership. the MP results are coming next month.
At this meeting, it was discussed that when they first elected the name of Bah Nongrem as the MDC candidate, it was while they were still in the Congress party and after leaving the party. The Congress has now joined the NPP and has nothing to say about the MDC election. The NPP has decided to submit the name of Bah Nongrem to the NPP party authorities as the NPP MDC candidate from Ranikor.
Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle, Ajamal Husen and seized the drugs, the vehicle, a mobile phone, EPIC, driving licence, Pancard and Aadhar card.
Kevinstrong Lawryniang is the first ten in the top-20 of the SSLC result, 2021 while studying at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns the CEM's stubbornness as he has often refused to talk to his fellow political parties who want to talk about many issues.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Executive Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to provide assistance to those Community Quarantine Centers set up by the villages. .
In his speech, Father Sunny Joseph Mavelil, Director and Secretary of Bakdil urged the people to work hard and make use of the schemes of the central government especially the schemes of MGNREGS. expressed his gratitude to Bakdil for this assistance to the poor and needy.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister had the opportunity to meet with many of the shopkeepers in which the shopkeepers were delighted and had the opportunity to see the Chief Minister face to face. from the paths that should be taken.
So far, 35,021 samples have been taken, 33,492 have tested negative, 750 results are pending and 24,055 have returned to the state.
The Deputy Commissioner also urged the farmers to have a cooperation between the government.
There have been 41 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 40 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills.
When the Supreme Court sought a reply from the State, the Government of Meghalaya gave the reasons for the 85% allocation on 27th October,
He urged them to continue to work harder to improve their health and to ensure that the people of the state receive adequate and adequate health care.
“There will always be criticism and accusations but I will do what I can,” he said.
The three-day festival was attended by many people from India, Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh as well as Tripura, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya.
Bah Erwin said that JACBOM has started working and in these days it will hold meetings and set up various committees. To do this, we need the support of the people.
At this meeting, he praised Ms Myrthong from the Meghalaya Police Department. On the other hand, the ITBPF Chief said that they are ready to provide training. to those who want to be saved.
In this regard, the Khasi Seng has followed up and has received confirmation that the memorandum submitted by the Seng is now on the desk of the Prime Minister.
For the villages in the rural areas of the District, the same arrangement will be implemented by the Sub-Divisional Officers (Civil/Block Development Officers) and Incident Commanders in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs and CCMTs. The Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs and welfare groups in the villages shall regulate the operation of the shops in their respective villages and also to ensure that the residents follow the in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
All the villages have selected shops in their respective villages and townships, and the village authorities and CCMT will ensure that the residents do not leave their respective villages and townships. purchase of necessary items to avoid further spread of the disease.
After the opposition , they held a rally in front of the Legislative Assembly to condemn the MDA government led by Cornad K Sangma He said that the police who have been accused of involvement in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew have been suspended.
Ramnela Durga Prasad Rao, 45, from Andhra Pradesh, Shillong, was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong on 4/9/2020 and tested positive for COVID-1 on 10/9/2020 at 10.04 pm.
Meghalaya coaches are Pynskhem L Nonglait, Wilfred Kharmawlong and Noyontho Marak.
Their protest is to force the central government to make public the report of the 7UGC Part Review Committee and the National Education Policy.
Chairman of the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation (MGCC) RV Lyngdoh said that the building will be completed by the deadline of October It has been many years and this has led to the loss of government.
Buses from one state to another have been suspended until 31st October
Sadly for Kishan, he was not able to see the innings through to victory as he was out for 69 (119 deliveries, 7x4s), but Jaskirat (44 not out, 81 balls, 3x4s) was there at the end and was given effective company by Akash Kumar Choudhury (10 not out) as Meghalaya chased down the target in 50.2 overs.
He said that on the occasion of the arrival of Thomas June in Sohra, it was 183 years ago and when we look back at these years, the recognition of our nation is still strong. when we are young and when we turn to the development of the nation in the field of music, culture and in all aspects.
In this regard, the Mairang Village Council will hold a memorial service for Sylviana on the 15th of November at Tirot Singh Ecological and Heritage Park in Mairang.
Even the office of the SDO which was allocated for Patharkhmah has not been implemented yet.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The BJP Meghalaya has organized a rally to mark the 70th Independence Day of India which started on the 9th of this month and will end on the 23rd of this month.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: A kilo meter cleaning of the road using plastic was completed today in Nongkynjeng village under West Khasi Hills District. This is the first road to be implemented in the North East of India.
“These four organizations will soon announce their strong protest next month after the KJP Assembly,” said Samla SS Niangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU. The government has urged the government to repair the NH 44 from Malidor to Soomer.
He said that the public should be informed about the preventive measures in such a way that people can understand and treat those who have this disease.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that 5 of them are from East Khasi Hills, 2 are from outside the country. In the state, 2 cases were found positive and 1 case was a nurse of NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
Shillong, Sept 14: U Hari Sarkar has lodged a complaint with the Additional District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District against Dilbag Nashier and Bablu R Marak, policemen of Borsora Out Post. T.15 lakh.
Prof. Dr. P. Bhattacharya, Head of Department of Anaesthesiology and I/C Palliative Care Unit at NEIGRIHMS said that the CNE is not only a training course but should have a real implementation of these teachings and as human beings we must learn new things from these forums, to be able to implement them.
The members of the Association unanimously said that this is a challenge to the work of these two Muktiars not only in violation of the Constitution and other human rights but also in violation of the power the foundation of the enlightenment.
He said that the money requested now is only for those households who have lost their lives in the natural disaster without repairing the houses that have been destroyed.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Meghalaya government today issued an order to open all government offices including the courts from tomorrow morning.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 305 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. There are 2930 confirmed cases so far.
On the other hand, the Mei-Sin Kur urges the KHADC to give at least 6 months to the Seng Kur and other Seng Kurs to send their comments on the amendment. destroy the Khasi race and deprive Khasi women who marry non-Khasis.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has informed that all households under the NFSA who have AAY or PHH ration cards should submit their Aadhaar copies. everyone named on the card.
Teibor said this while responding to an allegation by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who said that Teibor should be ashamed to leave after losing the MLA election in 2023 from Mawlai Constituency.
He said this has happened in Meghalaya and the same thing has happened in other states as well.
The government has introduced a sports policy and a policy for the youth. He said the government has allocated T.500 crore to build sports grounds in the state to provide sports activities to all. Districts, Civil Sub Divisions and Block across the State.
And it lies between 25°07" & 25°41" N Lat.
Speaking to reporters, PDAM President Kenedy C Khyriem said that the Dealers Associations across the country have strongly opposed this proposal of the Government. inside our underground tanking, this will create a problem.
The NH-06 connects major cities in four states including Jorabad, Shillong, Jowai, Silchar, Aizawl, Agartala and ends near the India-Myanmar border.
The Superintendent of Police, South West Garo Hills, said that the family members have lodged a complaint against the perpetrator.
ParikshaPeCharcha 2024 has reached a record of 2.26 crore people. name in the MyGov box.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Nongstoin, the capital of West Khasi Hills District, has become the capital of West Khasi Hills District. road from Sohpian to Nonbah.
Shillong, Nailur 21: All the candidates who have received their application forms for the Congress MDC election in 2019 should submit their application forms by the 15th of April. Speaking to reporters after the meeting of MPCC members, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said that the forms have been distributed since the 4th and end on the 4th of this month. On the 15th of this month, no MLA from the party has taken the phone to contest the MDC election. Of the former MLAs who have taken the form to contest the MDC election, only Bah Ronie V Priest of Mylliem.
Born on 8th June, 1962, Basumatary studied till class 5 at Bagidwara LP School.
Furthermore, the NTA has worked to further accelerate the time it takes to announce a resol from year to year.
The AJYWO said, “Let us celebrate this Behdeiñkhlam with humility, with knowledge and also with gratitude to the Tre-Ki-Rot Nongbuh Nongpynlong for all these blessings to us all. together in our daily lives.
Stanlington D Khognwir won the MLA election from Mawlai Constituency in 1972 while he was an independent candidate, from 1978 to 1983 from the HSPDP, from 1988 to 1993 from the HPU. He was an MLA for 25 years from Mawlai Constituency.
The Minister expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the schemes despite the absence of Gram Panchayats.
Therefore, it is necessary to preserve, preserve and preserve our indigenous knowledge as sources of imagination, creativity and knowledge through a strong spirit to participate in any contemporary and future art. of the middle.
Shillong, July 08: The MPUF CGB (MPUF) on Tuesday announced that it intends to bring in a branch of the North Eastern University (MPUF) in Wahiajer. (NEHU) in Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 28: Meghalaya became the first state to reach the final of the Vijay Merchant Trophy by beating Nagaland by 72 runs in the first match of the Vijay Merchant Trophy in Bhubaneswar today. .
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, said that the meeting with the Chief Minister was to confirm the recommendation of the state government to the central government on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, July 16: The BJP will contest more than 40 seats in the MLA elections this year, Narendra Verma, Secretary for the North East, on Tuesday said that the BJP will contest more than 40 seats in the MLA elections. 2018 in Meghalaya which will be held in
There are 14 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 2 people.
The competition was held last year in which more than 400 students from all over the state participated in the poetry competition in Khasi, Garo, Hindi and English. 54 winners in various categories.
The Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriages Rules, 2015 has been promulgated by the Government in accordance with Government Notification ERTS(R)7/2011/366 issued on 5th March
Shillong, Jymmang 20: There are 63,018 youths in Meghalaya who have not yet voted for the first time in the upcoming MP elections. .
The misconceptions of some people about the effects of EMF radiation should not erase the truth that emerges through scientific research.
The KSU will hold a meeting with the leaders of the KSU in the next few days because we cannot just listen to the harassment and persecution of the members of the KSU.
The purpose of this department is not to serve for the sake of the nation and to protect it from being overwhelmed by other nations.
Finally, the Seng urges the police that if they want to eradicate robbery, they should first arrest those who collect money every night on the JOWAI Byepass and also those who are on duty at Weight Bridge 7mer.
There were 329 women and 417 men from children, youth, adults and the elderly.
Because through this place you can go to Majai, Shella and when they come to Ichamati this place is the center where all the people come to pay and walk to other places.
The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Friday sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma demanding that an inquiry be conducted into the school. The Central University Entrance Test (CUET) examination was held at NEHU on Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters after the first day of the G20 Summit in Shillong, he said that there are about 5000 celestial bodies like this universe, while man is still able to to appear only in the moon.
He said, “His goal will continue to be to protect the uniqueness of the jaidbynriew and this goal he will continue to serve and do in other ways and means.
“This issue of reservation policy is a bih that we as a nation have been in trouble for about 50 years and it has become a disease that has eaten away, looking at the lightkam these days how much “We have been beaten up, otherwise we see that other friends get more shares, we get less,” said Bah Roikupar Synrem.
The mother and children have been missing since 3/Jymmang/2023, so it is expected that this mother will be found in Meghalaya and other neighboring states, according to the SP. of West Khasi Hills District.
They said that they have received information that the Ministry of Education has already suggested to the government to increase the salaries of teachers by 100 per cent and to convert these adhock schools into adhoc schools. deficit.
In a statement, the KSU strongly condemns this crime and demands that the law enforcement agencies should punish him. They should not be afraid because if they are afraid and if something bad happens the police themselves have to take responsibility.
The passing away of these elders has been a great loss not only to the family but also to our small nation.
Drugs are a beverage that destroys not only the body of the user but also affects the home, society and peace.
The improvement of the roads is for those parts that need to be done for repair because in the presence of COVID-19, the lat has been given to improve the roads inside the market.
The body of Bah Marshall Marwein was found at about 4:20 pm after the SDRF, Shillong Municipal Board employees and some residents searched for his body. Mr. Marshall did not rest.
Prime Minister Duh said that the working methods of the Government and the working methods of government employees are changing in today's India.
In the letter, the PDF has made it clear that this support will be to establish a strong government and to work for the development of the state in all aspects. The letter was signed by the Working President. Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA and Gavin M Mylliem MLA President of the party.
This section is from Tursad to Umlangmar which falls under the Mawphlang PWD Division.
The Prime Minister said that if 25% of the REC is not allocated, there will be no shortage of employees.
Blood donors will be screened and permission to donate blood will be approved after verification that they are fully qualified.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : After the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) temporarily suspended the power outage but has now resumed operation without any proper notice to the public, many people are aware of this and do not know. The reason for the confusion of the residents is that there are times when MeECL turns off the power according to the hours of its previous announcements and there are times when it turns off the power according to the hours of its previous announcements. This has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially those who rely on electricity.
Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of State for Child Development (Independent Charge) Law and Justice was the special guest and Dr Niten Chandra was the Secretary of the HLC. role in this process.47 political parties have submitted their views and recommendations, out of which 32 are in favor of holding simultaneous elections.
She said that ‘Heart’ is associated with compassion, strong principles, strength of character and recognition of the good.
There are 6 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. 14410 and 108 numbers.
Hindu Mahasabha (HMS), Center for Indian Trade Union (CITU), All India United Trade Union Center (AIUTUC), Trade Union Coordination Center (TUCC), Self-employed Women's Association (SEWA), United Trade Union Center (UTUC), National Front of Indian Trade Unions (DHN).
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the incident occurred in the Mawlangdiar River before reaching the burning ground.
He expressed his regret on the part of the indigenous youth that the examination centers have been transferred to other states and this is only a ploy to discourage the youth from applying for jobs at this hospital.
JA Lyngdoh said the Congress should understand that the people have now understood that they cannot lead the people, whether urban or rural, the people know the truth.
The counting of votes will be on 23/08/2018 and the recounting of votes will be on 27/08/2018 and the election related activities should be completed on 29/08/2
The Prime Minister expressed the hope that with the cooperation of the people, we will be able to curb the spread of this disease.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning, Baling Leaders and Land Owners today sent a letter to Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar Minister of PWD to request the Government to build the same road. to a 4-lane road.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: It is surprising and disappointing to the state government that some government schools in Mawsynram area have been neglected without anyone turning away from the education department. your state.
He also urged the public to immediately inform the police if they see any children in vehicles without an accompanying person, especially if they see that the children are not happy with the vehicles. to go together or to do something that is against their will.
Speaking to reporters after submitting the letter, Bah Marbud Dkhar, president of the union, said that they have requested the Assistant Branch Manager of UBI, MM Goswamie to remove him. Manish Ojha is currently Manager of Mawlai Branch.
There are 20 villages in the four corners of the PHC and a population of 12,000. The PHC has been under construction since 2007 but has not yet been implemented.
“On our part, the BJP has no complaint if (the Governor) speaks in Hindi.
In his speech, Dr Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition, said that he gives his full support to the fight for this great game in the country and at the same time he urged This should be done in a smooth and bright manner and this will be an opportunity for the youth of the state to prepare themselves to participate in this tournament.
Through this scheme, the government will pay T.500 per month.
The festival will be organized by the Coordination Committee on Monolith Festival under the supervision of a team led by Bah Alan West and Professor Desmond Kharmalki as members.
We urge the authorities to take immediate action and arrest the perpetrators immediately," the two groups said.
“We want our rulers to improve the spelling of the Khasi language.
Shillong, Nailur 20: There are 174 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 110 cases from East Khasi Hills, 23 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 23 cases from West Jaintia Hills. There are 1896 cases in the state so far.
On this occasion, the youth of the Presbyterian Church from these seven districts came to take part along with the parents from Shillong.
Shillong, Lner 09: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. South Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills
After a long discussion, the answer was received that there is no need to charge admission fees for Class-I of 2019 as well as no need to conduct the Entrance Exam and others. part as it appeared in relation to the children from this school.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Phyrnai Lyngdoh, Secretary of the SHG who explained the history of the SHG which has been in existence for 40 years.
At present, there is a shortage of employees in this field because some of them have been employed elsewhere and some have resigned. carry a threat to public health.
Shangpliang said the union is pleased that the government has implemented the demands of the union including the introduction of the Farmers Commission and the recognition of sohmrit, tyrpad sla and tax exemption on synsar.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Chairman of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GSC) Nikhman CH Marak in a statement today said that the MUA-II government should take responsibility for the protests in Garo Hills. in the Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of Samla Badon Malngiang, Sport Secretary, Mawlai Circle today congratulated Samla Manbhahkupar Malngiang. They have arrived in Srinagar in preparation for the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF) Under-17 Men's Championship to be held in Thailand.
The Chief Minister said that the Legislative Assembly has already approved the decision to implement the ILP in Meghalaya and the government is firm on the basis of demanding the ILP. talk to the Central Government to release the entire state of Meghalaya to protect its own people.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Twenty candidates from different constituencies have filed their nomination papers for the MDC election to the JHADC.
Referring to the “Make in India” programme, Dr Lyngdoh said that the central government has spent a lot of money but no one has come to set up jobs in India. he was silent.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today appointed Sanbor Shullai as the Cabinet Minister of Meghalaya. the Department of Customs and Traditional Affairs, the Department of Home Affairs in charge of Passport, Prisons and the Department of Employees.
The Governor said that the 'Swachhta Hi Seva' which was launched by President Ram Nath Kovind at Ishwari Ganj in Kanpur on the 15th of this month will end on the 2nd of this month. Mahatma Gandhi's birthday.
Shah said under the leadership of the Secretary, Cooperation Department, many meetings have been held with the Pharmacy Council of India, Pharmacy Councils of all States and all State Governments regarding the Jan Aushadhi Kendra.
Minister Rangbah Duh said that the training should be for a system that uses all parts of the Government adding that everything should be done to improve the skills of the employees.
Kharpor asked the government authorities why the fare is the same when the curfew is no longer in place, whether those who have it earn 4 lakh or 400 rupees a day for those who There is a disability that is difficult to pay for as bad as others.
On the other hand, Conrad congratulated Dr Dr. Lalrintlunga Jahau General Secretary of the party for his hard work to strengthen the party in Mizoram until it was inaugurated today.
Furthermore, the party would like to criticize that there are such people who will not get ILP, and who knows if in the government now there are such people who are against ILP who are trying to get the central government (NDA). ILP is not available in this state.
Bah KP Pangniang said that the meeting was convened by the people of the area and he was present to witness the meeting.
This is not a matter to be delayed as it is. Therefore, don't play games with the lives and deaths of the people.
The ceremony was held at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Theilinda Kyndait Assistant Professor Jaintia Eastern College, Shri.Peter Singh Dkhar Principal Dkhiah East Sec School and Shri.Bhamon Phawa Junior Accountant Dept of Treasury East Jaintia Hills District.
When they had finished robbing, they fled into the wilderness.
Two journalists were injured during the march and the President of the party, Bah Dundee Khongsit, apologized to the public for the incident.
During the meeting, Ampareen requested Ardent to stop his strike which has been going on for four days as it may affect his health but Ardent replied She informed the government through Ms Ampareen that the government should revise the Reservation Policy otherwise it will not stop.
The union urges the government employees to join hands in this demand.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday conducted a trading license inspection in Iewduh after receiving a complaint from a group known as the KKHA that there are shopkeepers. There are also those who do not have a Trading License and those who are Benami.
Earlier, speaking to reporters, Winnerson said he could not say anything on behalf of Dr Mukul Sangma.
In this meeting, u Bah Metbah said that in this process, all those involved in this issue should be taken into consideration in the process of resolving this issue of boundary between the two countries. state.
According to the scheme, students of Delhi University can take any subject if they have not studied the subject MIL to the level prescribed in Higher Secondary and Secondary School.
He was said to have joined the HNLC through Facebook.
Speaking on the rules, the SP Traffic urged those who drive two wheelers to be polite and not to drive too fast. It is also important to wear strong helmets.
They are awaiting a report on how the suspect escaped from the scene, he said.
Plants such as wintergreen, lavender, damask rose, and wild marigold are considered to be the most important within this mission.
At the same time, the club would like to thank all those who have donated sports equipment to the club, especially Bah GE Lyngdoh, District Sports Officer East Khasi Hill who has been supporting and encouraging us from time to time. for.
Shillong, Lber 03: Even in the midst of the fighting by the BSF troops to stop the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, these smugglers are still fighting.
It is to be recalled that in these days the anger of the people is that the Assam police have come to threaten to build a Police Out Post in this area but the residents have protested against this act of force. Assam Police.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Cabinet today approved the Meghalaya State Water Policy, which has made Meghalaya the first state in India to have its own water policy. of the policy on water.
He added that even the engineer who should have taken responsibility for the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Conrad has given him a ticket to contest the election.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that during his tenure as MDC, he has tried his best to give participation to all the different villages and villages in the constituency. There is no small help but all these things should be done in a warm and bright manner with the understanding of the Village Authorities, Youth and also the Villagers, in which he also urged the Spirit. of the cooperation to win him the upcoming MLA election so that many of his aspirations to bring about change will come true.
The HSPDP will contest from Sutnga-Saipung, Nongkrem, Mylliem, Mawphlang, South Shillong, Pynthor, Jirang, Nongstoin, Rambrai and Mawkyrtwat constituencies.
The leaders of the party, on Friday, did not listen to the government's request but went to lay flowers at the grave of former General Secretary of the party, Bah Cherish Starfield. Thangkiew at Lawmali in the presence of relatives and members of various political parties and handed over the flag of the party to the relatives.
Shillong, March 25: Police of Umïam Police Station, Ri Bhoi District have arrested a Maruti car (ML-05U-2717) at Umsawkhwan on charges that there was a young woman inside the vehicle. She was abducted by her husband from Kynshi village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The KSU Ranikor Circle has found these facts during the inspection and the KSU urges the Engineering Wing of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. South West Khasi Hills District to send for inspection and repair immediately so that it will not cause problems to the staff who should stay at this place and especially to the patients of this hospital.
Since the 1880s, this chief of the Nongkhlaw Hima has led the Khasi in the struggle against the British rule.
Regarding the implementation of the JJM water supply scheme, he said that he is still the secretary because until the work is completed, the secretary of the water scheme in the village cannot be removed. sam um you state.
On this occasion, leaflets were also distributed to the households where these government officials visited today and in the coming days there will be members of MSLSA who will visit the households of the people to The purpose of this is to make the people aware that they should have the protection of their rights when there is any discrimination, where due to poverty they cannot appoint muktiar. but the government has no help.
The Council also received suggestions from the Village Leaders and members of the Regional Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The MP election in Meghalaya has been held today with the Congress candidate Vincent H Pala winning 10 seats from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. to forty thousand votes.
Air Marshal SP Dharkar, AVSM and Chiefs of Eastern Air Command, Headquarters 101 Area, Directorate General Assam Rifles, 58 Gorkha, Regional Training Center and Umroi Cantonment participated in this meeting.
Police said that the value of these bullets when sold to people has reached T.2 crore.
Furthermore, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, after urging all the 60 MLAs to tied the ban on the Government of India to grant ILP, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District would like to urge the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency to HM Shangpliang, Mawkyrwat MLA Rinikton Lyngdoh and Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein urged the government to expedite the resolution of the ILP issue. The party also urged the villages in the area to look into the matter especially after the CAA has come into force.
On the other hand, Adll.
Referring to the training of ISRO scientists for his visit to ISTRAC, Minister Duh said he wanted to congratulate the scientists who have worked hard, bravely and dedicatedly. body and soul to the work.
Referring to those who violate the Home Quarantine, the Minister said that they will be punished under the provisions of the Pandemic Act. you don't get any information.
The Government is also deeply concerned about the bombings in the Syntung area and urges the people to fight to maintain peace and order.
The rally was led by the president of the party, M.June Myrsing. The rally was to express to the government that they want the government to understand their demands. they will hold a meeting to take decisions to continue the strike.
The BSF is investigating to find out where the money came from and who gave it to the man. The BSF has handed over to the Dawki Police Station for further investigation.
The collection, production and digitization of geospatial data is now regulated, he added.
Satyadev Narayan Arya has been appointed as the Governor of Haryana.
This 60 second film is to make people aware that the environment is very important for the survival of mankind on this earth.
The CEM of KHADC acknowledged that it is a fact that the Constitution of India under Article 19 (1) (d) does not allow to restrict the movement or residence of any citizen. India within any part of India, but this provision of Article 19 (1) (d) shall be repealed when it comes to Article 19 (5) which provides for the State. ) to set reasonable rules such as restrictions on movement and residence to protect the Scheduled Tribes.
He addressed the concerns of the people saying, “For development and economy, telecom services are the cornerstone by providing connectivity of mobile towers to boost connectivity between people.
Replying to the ISBT, the Minister in charge of Transport said that it is true that the ISBT was inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs. However, there are still works to be completed and for this reason, this site will be operational from 1st June
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrators.
The Chief Minister said that all the 10 BSF personnel are from East Khasi District, two of them are from abroad, one from Delhi and one from Bihar.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet meeting today approved the preparations for the speech of the Governor on the opening day of the Budget Session.
Shillong, July 21: The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has already marked the shops that are allowed to open in Iewduh. the stores that had it will be open according to the day fixed for them.
Sadly, instead of understanding, fears and prejudices have led to differences of opinion and this has led to conflict.
According to the complaint, Robert, who committed the robbery, raped the child at his residence in Mukdangra, where he works.
At present, the estimates of damage to the environment such as agriculture, roads under the jurisdiction of PWD, water supply department and others.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the Central Government for supporting the state in the field of health to help the state to deliver health services to all the villagers. the state has work.
In the semi final match between Sngap Syiem College and Nongstoin College, Sngap Syiem College scored a goal and won.
The purpose of the union's visit to the cow market in Khanapara is also to hear the problems of the cow traders. in this place.
To date, the KHADC authorities from 54 Hima/Elaka have drafted Acts/Rules as follows – Out of 25 Hima Khasi States – 12 Acts and only 2 Rules have been drafted for The Kingdom of Nongstoin and the Kingdom of Maharam.
The college has already appointed four teachers in each subject. After discussion at the meeting, it was decided to appoint more teachers in each subject. There are seven teachers in each subject.
Those coming from Amalarem Parish and War Jaintia Hills will enter from Lad Demthring to Moodymmai.
“The Minister also announced that there are three candidates who want to contest the election from Shillong.
What the Meghalaya government needs is to call for talks with the HNLC especially as Shillong is no longer the capital of Meghalaya.
The construction of irrigation systems is the key to water conservation.
The establishment of the Guarantee Trust (CGFMU) by the Government has ensured that banks and other entities involved in the financial sector are comfortable lending.
The march will start from Khyndai Lad at 11 pm and will pass around the secretariat and end at the same bus stop.
The deceased were identified as Yestly Mawthoh, 70, Bestly Mawthoh, 65 and DS Nongdhar,
On this occasion, u Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that within the next two or three days the government will announce publicly the vacancies in the education department which is up to 3000 posts which have been approved by the Cabinet.
New Delhi, Naitung 05: The Union Minister of State for Science and Technology, Dr Jitendra Singh, on Tuesday said that the world will see India's first man to reach space. India will be able to achieve its goals in the ocean by 2025, Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh told Bharat 24 News network in an address today.
Referring to the party, James said that it cannot be said alone whether the party will punish or not, but it has to be proved whether the allegation is true or not. to just listen to the allegations.
We have not been forced and we have our own reasons to stand in the party and we request those who are accustomed to harass others at their meetings please don't harass others.
MeECL has conducted an examination to fill 722 vacancies in the post of linemen in 2011 but the results have not been released. was announced last year after fierce protests by candidates.
On other allegations, the Syiem said that they are groundless and he has already reported this allegation to the KHADC. He wanted to take over the Hima land at Panchirng and the Balat and Photkroh Markets which the court has now declared to belong to the Hima.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Minister said that she has already directed MUDA to set aside seats inside the JNURM buses for those with disabilities but the Agency has not done so. did not listen to this order of this government.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Rev PBM Basaiawmoit today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to offer himself as a mediator between the government and the civil society to bring about a peaceful solution. On the other hand, the pastor said that he has written this letter to the Chief Minister of the state after the elders They requested him to do something to bring peace in the state to meet again with the government and the civil society to bring them back to the night of talks. if willing to accept in the public interest.
This will greatly benefit the authorities of Meghalaya in many ways as the authorities have to be aware of the changes in the laws from time to time.
Furthermore, a MoU has been signed for the supply of petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL) and Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) products through Bangladesh to the North East between the Ministry of Roads and Highways. Government of Bangladesh and Indian Oil Corporation Ltd.
Also present on the occasion was Kong Ladaplin P Hayong, President Girls Wing Jaintia Circle.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire inside Rongjeng market.
If the government is against CAB, it should implement the ILP because the opposition to CAB and the implementation of ILP come from the same ideology and that is to protect the indigenous people in the country. CoMSO President Robertjune Kharjahrin in a statement sent today.
The number of ethnic groups in the state should be exactly the same. Only the ethnic groups from Meghalaya should be able to become STs throughout the state without including other ethnic groups from other states.
Speaking at the ceremony of awarding these students and especially Ankur Das who has honored the state, u Bah Sanbor said that no matter what group the training is the same, love one another, respect all religions and avoid hatred of one another.
Shillong, November 10: Ruth West Kharkongor, a young woman from Kharkongor, has completed her studies in aircraft piloting. and this is the first Khasi girl to get this License.
Even in times of crisis due to the Corona virus, the Prime Minister said that the faith of the players has not been allowed to weaken.
On the death of Bah Nongsiej, MEPA has held an emergency meeting to express its condolences on the death of one of the journalists in the state.
Speaking to media, the President of the Lympung ki Seng Kynthei, Kong Theilin Phanbuh, said, “We have informed the CEM to take action according to the law because this may be new and maybe There are also Dorbar Shnongs which have included women in the Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs but many of them are still in short supply.
The convocation was held in two parts – one in the morning and the other in the afternoon.
Groups from the Red Cross Society, SDRF and Bharat Scouts and Guides were also present on the occasion.
Hopefully this will continue in the years to come.
Meghalaya will see many political parties contesting their candidates and most of them are national parties, such as the ruling Congress, the BJP, the NCP, the The TMC, the LJP. While the national parties are the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM, a new political party, the NPP, will contest the first MLA election. The former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Purno A Sangma.
The party will contest 42 MLA candidates for the election, according to the National General Secretary Praful Patel.
She said that on receiving information about the incident, she rushed to her house but saw that the house had caught fire and collapsed on the ground.
Shillong, November 14: The Meghalaya Truckers Owners and Suppliers Association (MESA) today met with the Minister of Transport and Communications to discuss the issue of fines. if the renewal of permits is delayed.
: Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi on Friday admitted that the main reason behind the defeat of the National People's Party (NPP) in the Lok Sabha elections from Tura and Shillong seats is because of the He said it would be better for the party to win the election for the sake of the unity of the state.
“India is not only a democratic country but also the mother of democracy,” said Prime Minister Duh, who said the country is the foundation of democracy in the world.
The most important thing is to get rid of tree felling, because as of now climate change has affected even Shillong, the use of tyngdong lyer to cook is to protect the environment and at the same time to promote health.
Shillong, July 23: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, which includes 18 villages claiming to be involved in the border dispute, has held a meeting today to discuss the emergence of the United Khasi People Organization (UKPO).
On this occasion, the Working President of the MSOA, Bah John F Kharshiing, showed how to deal with the request to bring the National Games to the state.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Teachers who are contesting for the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.EL.ED) examination have decided to visit the office of NIOS Shillong which is located on the campus of the Directorate of Educational Research and Training. (DERT) Shillong on the 28th of this month at 10 am.
The Union will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor these issues especially those affecting the health of school children and the public. cooperation and to start from scratch.
The meeting decided to meet again to discuss the shortage of officers of KHADC, GHADC and JHADC and directed the Under Secretary, MSPB to follow up with KHADC and JHADC to send information as soon as possible. The meeting was chaired by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB and Chairman of the Working Group. -3, in the presence of Mr. Francis PR Sangma, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh Mawlong, Deputy Chairman, MSPB, Bah.
A Tata Suma vehicle overturned at the 1MLP Battalion ground in Mawiong.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The Dorbar Shnong of Wapungskur Village, held on 29th July, 2014, has immediately removed Ma Hamlen Rymbai from the post of President of Wapungskur Village. Madly Ryngkhlem has been promoted as the new and full President of the WSSWO and Ma Pynhunlang Sari has been elected as the Vice President of the WSSWO. operation of the remaining WSSWO.
It is surprising that the Water Supply Department has not done anything. In this regard, an RTI has been requested from the Water Supply Department to find out the cause of the pollution caused by the milk harvesting and milking plants in Mawiong, the Water Supply Department has responded to the complaint against the milk farm and the milk farm.
It is highly suspected that there is something wrong with this action of the government.
More than 30 trucks carrying people from Assam and Silchar were seized at this place.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) appealed to the public to be ready to cooperate with them at any time when they conduct this mock drill when there are such incidents.
Commenting on Bah Kynta's statement to implement the MPDA Act, Bah Nongrum said, “You know well and we know well what the MPDA Act is and how it works.
We still have to fine-tune a lot of things," he said.
While the police were leaving the Sadar PS to take Ostarnik Marbaniang to Civil Hospital, Shillong for medical check-up, members of the KSU accompanied him. Police have taken the union leader to the District and Session Judge, East Khasi Hills District to seek permission to remand him for further investigation.
The older party supporters were looked down upon and hardly recognized.
The repair of the bridges has been covered with narrow and dewbilat has been thrown to clean the old bridges. The work is now in progress to repair the bridges. Photkroh area which has dozens of villages and East Khasi Hills District.
On the morning of 25 June 1971, the Pakistani troops attacked by force but Commandant Tyagi and some of his men did not back down.
The sumo was seized at Tongseng Narpuh village after KSU EJHDU General Secretary KS Suchiang and Narpuh Circle Vice President Phanuel Tongper received information from the sumo tourists that they were carrying suspected persons. There are people from Bangladesh.
The union demands that the government should increase the price of petrol and the union urges the government to collect taxes not only from petrol and there are still many taxes that the government should collect. The increase in the price of petrol and diesel is only possible because this creates problems for all the people especially in our state where many people are still low in income.
At present, the ICAR is the research center for agriculture in Meghalaya. The Government of Meghalaya has established the Horticulture Department which is responsible for the cultivation of soh.
This will be the first time that the portrait of a Khasi freedom fighter has been exhibited outside India.
Minister of State for External Affairs.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing welcomes the decision of the Supreme Court.
There are 27 recoveries today, including 25 BSF personnel from East Khasi Hills and 2 civilians from Ri Bhoi District.
Perhaps there are some officials from Assam who if they see these posters it will frighten the Meghalaya Government that they will be harassed or threatened by the Assam Government,” said Thabah.
The MPCC today called an emergency meeting to learn of the incident and held a meeting to express its condolences on the passing away of former Home Minister Robert Robert.
After receiving information that the cows had been stolen, the farmers informed the Waheh Shnong of Nongkynrih who immediately informed the Union of Waheh Shnongs and requested the neighboring villages to seize all the vehicles. kit Masi because you have stolen a cow from your village.
According to him, all that remains now is to introduce the Bill for discussion in Parliament.
On this occasion, the flag of India in different Districts and Civil Sub Divisions was hoisted by Government Ministers and MLAs in the presence of the people to witness this day. great country of India.
While other vehicles carrying goods and heavy vehicles have been ordered to follow these roads, vehicles from West and East Jaintia Hills should pass through the Shillong Bye Pass from Mawryngkeng.
Through this information, the Police Department conducted a search operation on the morning of 16th January, 2023 and nine members were arrested by the Police from different parts of Eastern Range includes a child under 18 years old who was arrested from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Betasi TV and CSWO today held a candlelight vigil at Khyndailat to express their condolences to the families of those who died due to electricity shortage in Nongthymmai. –neng ha Lyngiong where four people lost their lives from the same house.
He said MPs, MLAs and officers should visit the villages to see whether the schemes have been implemented properly.
Before they meet with the government, they also need to meet together so that they can exchange views with each other. If the government continues to investigate them as it is now, it is difficult for them to see. decided at the meeting to be held on the 15th of this month.
Dilip Jaswal has arrived in Shillong to celebrate the 9th anniversary of the BJP government in India.
He said the government will set up driving training centers in all districts of the state.
Three candidates have contested for the post of Education Secretary, Readyonstone Nongrum won with 1414 votes. For the post of Publicity Secretary, three candidates have contested the election. Rapbor Nongrum won the election with 1887 votes.
The purpose of this amendment to the rules is to speed up the payment and appointment of police officers.
There are 134 recoveries today, 85 from East Khasi Hills, 17 from Ri Bhoi, 12 from West Jaintia Hills, 10 from South Garo Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills. There are 7777 recoveries.
Sanjay Anil Shaw, Director, Regional Meteorological Centre, Guwahati, said that the rainfall in 2013 has been very low compared to the rainfall last year.
At tomorrow's meeting, Thakur will discuss these issues and urge the states to work hard to provide all the necessities including teachers and adequate health facilities.
The BJP leader strongly condemned the act of killing former HNLC leader Chersiterfield Khongwir who returned to society in what is not acceptable.
“We have sent many petitions to the Prime Minister but no response has been received from the Government,” said the Vice President of the Union, Kong Elbina Nongkhlaw. .
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A special committee appointed by the Executive Committee to look into the KHAD Bill, 2018 under the leadership of Bah Bindo M Lanong and others has now called for the They went to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Starwell Chyne.
The Clan Bills were passed by the KHADC House in 2020 and sent to the Governor but were amended to the KHADC with comments and sent back to the Governor. The Bills were returned to the CEM of Titos Starwell Chyne.
He said he is concerned about this and said that this is a big problem in the states of the North East which have borders with other countries because these are the routes that traders travel. drugs are widely used.
The HYC says it cannot be said that the BJP has close ties with Hinduism but they should not use the power of the Government to promote Hinduism or to discriminate against other religions. .
This mother has been able to plant many kinds of crops in her area by using the knowledge she has inherited and this knowledge by using the traditional farming methods has been able to improve the agriculture. Dr Francisco J Rosado May from Mexico during his visit to the area in July 2016 confirmed this method of farming.
Their demand is for their salaries for three months, two months of the 2021-2022 fiscal year for the months of July and October and three months of the fiscal year 2022-2 it is of the months of June, June, July.
Kabak Yano is currently pursuing a Post Graduate Diploma in Fitness Management at RashtriyaRaksha University (RRU) campus in Pasighat, Arunachal Pradesh.
Regarding the unemployment rate among the youth and the unemployment rate of only 10%, the union has a role to play in encouraging the youth to set up their own businesses by coming forward and The party will continue to meet with the government to encourage the youth to form their own unions.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has taken up this issue to talk to the central government and it was after the talks that the Ministry of Home Affairs sent a letter on 5 September 2017 and The letter said that in Meghalaya, Aadhaar is not yet fully operational.
The KHNAM, which sent a recommendation to the Expert Committee on State Reservation Policy on Friday, has proposed to allocate 50% of the Bhah Thungkam for the Khasi and Jaintia communities.
We need to be responsible and let us be cooperative with the police department in charge of the smooth operation of vehicles,” said Bah Adelbert.
The following are the instructions, Relating to Law and Order, Instructions to Central Government Agencies. State and UT, Heads of Central Government Agencies such as Border Security Force, Assam Rifles, Sashastra Seema Bal, Indo Tibetan Border Police and Coast Guard along with Heads of CRPF, Central CAPF Nodal Officer, Additional Secretary MHA and officials from the Ministry of Defense and Railways attended the meeting.
