Every year they spend up to T.50 lakh to help the people of the border area.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that so far, 865 BSF personnel have been tested positive, of which 563 are negative, 23 are positive and 281 are pending results. after.
The contract was signed on 08.03.2024 for the work worth T.77.81 crore and the work started on
Children were able to perform songs and plays related to the celebration.
Everyone knows that the government moves forward through the existence of rules the government cannot do this just to please a few people.
At this public meeting at the parish grounds in Laitkor today to unveil the statue of Father Sngi, it was said that as a religious group, the preparations for the canonization of Father Sylvanus Sing Lyngdoh will start at the year will be
The Committee will discuss the MP Elections to be held in
L Marbaniang said that even if they walk around, they will be punished by the law enforcement agencies. task.
The full recognition by the university for the college was in October 2018, this year, after receiving the recognition in
Police have also released a conversation between Sanbor Pala, who claims to be the commander of the HNLC, and one of those arrested by the police. catch.
He said that during their meeting with the CEM, they expressed that they do not want the Council to pay the salaries of their employees for only one or two months. all their remaining salaries shall be paid.
Of these teams, only Shillong Lajong have three points and in this match it is important to get three points to ensure that they will qualify for the second round.
The meeting of the Sengkhilang which started on the 13th and ended today is the 41st meeting.
He said that from June to June 2023, the District Administration has demolished all the coal mines and pipes connecting to the Atoskhana of these illegal factories to ensure that they can no longer continue to operate. work.
Furthermore, acetylene gas also affects those who use it.
The deceased were the father, mother and two young children. The bodies of all four of them were recovered. perform legal duties.
When divided into three District Councils, JHADC receives T.20,57,88,586/-, KHADC T.26,42,46,169/- and GHADC T.64,97,1 .
The Chief Minister said that 70% of the population of Meghalaya are farmers. On this occasion, the Chief Minister also distributed syieng seeds to the farmers in the presence of the Minister of Agriculture. Banteidor Lyngdoh and officers of the Ministry of Agriculture.
Regarding this celebration, the Syiem and the people have decided that the celebration will not be just a ritual, or a spectacle of this great day. How many thousands of children of the kingdom understand this day and also the students, or they are too old to know about this great king who took the sword and the spear to fight against the French. you can thma you shuwar.
IFFI also takes the culture of the country to the rest of the world, he added.
This incident shows that the HLL team to conduct this examination has not been able to conduct such examinations, this is clear from this mistake, this is a mistake and will cause problems. For those who have applied from this state, this also affects the cost of travel.
Erwin said that at the time of signing the Instrument of Accession in 1947, Meghalaya had an area of ​​22,600 sq kilometers. in 1972 it covered an area of ​​22,200 square kilometers.
The reason for the incident was that the owner of the factory refused to pay the tax levied by the union, said the general secretary of the union, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media. message.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Saturday vowed to withdraw from the party's general secretary cum publicity secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw. The peace talks between the Seng, the Central Government and the State Government have been banned from laying flowers at the grave of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in the afternoon. two years old death of this man who was once a former leader of the party.
Also present on the occasion were Mrs. Ngaitlang Mary Tariang, Asst. Professor, Christ (Deemed) University, Bengaluru, Rev. A. Nongrum, Pastor in charge of Khasi Jaintia Christian. Fellowship (KJCF) Bengaluru, Samla Pynshai Iawphniaw is the Adviser of the KSU Bengaluru Unit.
Furthermore, the collection of information in four tables – the name, village, raid, Hima, District, name of the state, name of the country, ethnicity, etc. It is learned that the Pomblang (or Nongkrem Dance) was attended by 3939 visitors from the three tables. one thousand four hundred and seventy (1470) names were students, approximately.
All SSA teachers who are studying for the D.El are requested to apply.
Please see below for the education related sections of MR's speech on the National Youth Parliament Festival today:.
GAPGAR is an association of graduates and post graduates of Ri Bhoi district and was established in
If they come in such a manner, the Rangbah Shnong will be ready to go out and call Bah Cher even if he has a job, but such a thing is done by the police and it is wrong. Unfortunately, instead of bringing about cooperation to maintain peace and order, those who hold the law are stirring up trouble.
It will not be easy for the students because the subjects they should have completed have not been completed through offline classes due to the lockdown due to Covid 19, especially in the subjects of mathematics and science which are not required subjects. good to get explanations.
Answering a question, Dr Azad said that there are more than 10,000 women from Meghalaya who are married in Assam. while in Meghalaya they are from India.
As the civil society organizations, they cannot do this because the government has not done anything for the problems of the people especially in terms of light.
In her speech, the Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah, said that we should not forget the leaders who have worked hard to bring about a complete district.
In his short speech before handing over these gifts, Donald said that the Seng understands the challenges faced by the Dorbar Shnongs at such times.
The Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang, Bah Blikshon Mukhim, after receiving the implementation of a Central Scheme through the Sericulture Department of the Government of Meghalaya, which costs up to 1.5 lakh tyngka for the cultivation of ryndia, has set up this land. and now he is almost dead.
It was also decided to set up a Sub-Committee under the chairmanship of the Chief Secretary to review the rules regarding the opening of places of worship.
Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the demand for the removal of the Them Motor is long overdue and the three civil society groups demand that the government should remove the area which has caused many problems. previous periods and overcoming them depends on the discretion of the government as to how to proceed.
Paul said the youth need to understand politics better.
On the other hand, the Chief of Police of Bangladesh in his speech to the Chief Minister said that this is your great man. Bangladesh has reserved a separate area.
The village has informed the government authorities and will be able to provide assistance to the people.
Police conducted a raid at Tongseng village near HP Petrol Pump on National Highway-06 after receiving a tip from intelligence agencies and arrested the vehicle driven by Abdul Aziz. Barbhuiya, 35, resident of Hailakandi, Assam.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Meghalaya Minerals Exporters' Chamber (MMECC) has expressed its gratitude to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, for keeping his promise in the Legislative Assembly. The government has said that the government will do its utmost to help the people who work in the mining industry and those who have land in the mining industry.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Two persons have been admitted to hospital for COVID-19, one in East Khasi Hills District and one in West Jaintia Hills District. .
Because of the beauty of Sohra despite the poor condition of the roads, the people flock to Sohra to visit many places in the area such as Nohsngi Thiang Valley, Khoh Ramhah, Pubon Crematorium and other places. areas such as Dainthlen and other emerging areas which have been improved by the private sector as well as villages.
The donation ceremony was led by Samla Pauldeep Tongwah Secretary Employment and Development Cell of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. KSU Mawkyrwat Circle General Secretary Rutherford Lyngdoh and other members of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
He said that after receiving the letter, the government has to seek permission from the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that in this era of unemployment, the youth of the State have been able to do such jobs.
Shillong, Lber 22: Answering a question by Mawphlang Independent MLA SK Sunn regarding the loss of the government due to the ban on coal mining, Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Road Construction, said that The loss to the state from the coal mining ban has reached T.416 crore.
At this meeting, the Meghalaya government had to address the issue of violence against women in Meghalaya.
After the laying of the wreaths, the Prime Minister will deliver a speech to the country.
After the new executive committee took over in 2019, a special committee was set up headed by Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC Shusieh. the leaders of various Kurs on this Clan Bill.
“We have planned to complete it within three years but the work is too long and maybe within one year we will be able to complete this work,” he said. to pronounce Khasi words.
I looked at the last elections and I said at that time that there was no politician who contested these elections, no political party contested the elections, Modi he did not contest the election and Modi’s allies did not contest the election.
If this is the case, the Ministry of Panchayati Ray will come to implement the Gram Sabha from behind.
They also said that the milk they buy is from healthy cows and not from diseased cows because a sick cow cannot even produce milk.
He said that Ayurveda is not only to prolong human life, but also to improve the quality of life.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest also congratulated the parents of the students by saying that although many of them are farmers but they are ready to give their body and soul to provide for their children. hands to the most perfect knowledge.
After this, the Iaid Pyni Riti was opened again which was accompanied by the relatives in traditional costumes until they reached the party headquarters in Mawkhar and continued the march to the lympung ha. Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
The election for the Syiem was held on the 13th of this month with 723 votes and 429 abstentions.
On this day, the brothers and sisters were advised to hold on to their own culture.
The four-day strike by the commercial vehicles has demanded a reduction in the fare of fuel or increase the fare. liter of petrol and diesel.
Shillong, July 20: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District in a statement sent by Samla Pulljohnstar Wanniang, Asst.Education Secretary, has congratulated and congratulated Samla Chesterpaul Lyngdoh of Mawlangwir. He is the first player from South West Khasi Hills District to qualify for the I-League through the signing of a contract with Churchill Brothers FC. that his victory is the pride of the Khasi people and the district as a whole.
Regarding the demand of the Sengbhalang for the implementation of the ILP, the Government last year set up a High Level Committee on Influx headed by former Symbud Myntri Rangbah BM Lanong in the presence of Government Ministers. The committee was composed of Congress MLAs, CEMs of the three Autonomous District Councils, Chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang leaders. The ILP has been implemented but after the election these MLAs have turned away and have not said anything on this issue and some have just listened.
The President of MPLU said that if the villages cannot think, evil deeds will happen.
Shekhawat said that under the Jal Jeevan Mission, the Government of India allocates funds according to the number of water tanks to be provided and the use of available funds.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Leaders and members of the Taxi Drivers Association of East Khasi Hills District (KHADC) today demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should check the trading license and work permit of foreign taxi drivers. around the city of Shillong.
He reminded that the qualities that officers must have are tolerance, which the people may encounter and it is the duty of the officers to know better the situation of the community and the area so that they can provide services to the people.
He said the water level at the power station has now been lowered to prevent the accident.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on this occasion laid a wreath at the statue of Tirot Singh at the State Central Library Shillong. Speeches were delivered by Samla Enlang Sawian General Secretary HYC Shillong City and Bah John Lyngdoh President HYC Shillong City in the presence of Bah Franky Kharumnuid Vice President HYC Shillong City.
The Opposition Leader has demanded that the government should clarify on the issue of Medical Ethics if the Pandemic Act 1897 is implemented. inside the state legislature, Zenith said.
Shillong, July 15: The Shillong Archdiocese today completed the ordination ceremony for the four deacons which was held at home. Mary is the Helper of Christians.
The government has called a meeting with the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem.
The main topic discussed by the Cabinet with the Prime Minister of India was the decision of the Legislative Assembly on 19/12/2019 to implement the Inner Line Permit in In Meghalaya, this issue remains with the Ministry of Home Affairs which the government has not yet responded to.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The State Government today issued a public notice that the Government has declared a public holiday on the 18th of this month in East Khasi Hills on the occasion of the Unitarian Day.
The scrutiny of the documents of the candidates for the MLA Election 2018 will be held tomorrow.
New Delhi, Lber 25: Due to the consistent measures taken by the Union Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, there has been an increase in peace and stability in the North Eastern States and the speed of roi the par you rise.
The Chief Minister said that the area between the dispute with Assam is in 12 areas and the Chief Minister informed in the House that the area of ​​the area in the border area with Assam is in 12 areas. between the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle in collaboration with the HYC Seng Kmie today held a public meeting at Pynursla.
If it happens again like those times of bloodshed in 1987, the Seng will have to use force.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will inaugurate the 25th National Youth Festival on July 12, 2022 at 11 am in Puducherry through video conferencing.
“The current Additional Director of MSCTE, A. Ali, will retire soon and it was decided at the meeting that she will be the first Secretary of MSCTE for 24 months,” she said. .
Across India, students, women, elderly and citizens are protesting against this Act.
Police said that if anyone knows the mother of the child, please contact the police on the following mobile numbers: +919863066751 or +9
On the other hand, Bah Pynaid Sing Syiem, as soon as he was appointed as CEM of KHADC, he said that the Bills will be reviewed and tomorrow they will be discussed in the EC before being taken to the House. to the approval of the House and to be sent to the Governor for approval to become law.
It is worth mentioning here that the execution of prisoners inside the jail in just two days has reached the line of gut including the koi who committed suicide inside the Tura Police Station.
Police have arrested Damanbha Ryngksai, 26, from his body and seized 28 small song, T.6240/- tyngka, two mobile phones. This was announced on Twitter by the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi.
This is the first time that Ibanriakor Lyngkhoi, 20, has taken part in the Marathon outside Meghalaya and has finished first among the participants aged 18 to 24 years in the Open 25k finishing the race in 1 hour, 58 minutes, 19 seconds.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The State Government on Saturday appointed Idashisha Nongrang as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of the State. You are the State Government.
With the goal of achieving clean air and seeing the beauty of forests, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency (MBDA) has launched a A project known as the Agro Forestry Carbon Credit Scheme.
The charges against them are under Sections 353, 341 506 and 34 IPC and Section 6(a) of the MMPO Act. It is different to enter prison for those who have worked when taking on this responsibility.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, today said that 16 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills. Hills 1, East Jiantia Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, West Khasi Hills
KSU Thyllaw Border Unit would like to express its gratitude and appreciation to the VDPs and the Rangbah Shnong Lawbah for rescuing this Rangbah from the hands of these bloodthirsty men.
The government knows that it is delaying this work to avoid its own ministers, he said.
After inspecting the school, the Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills District has been directed to appoint a team of inquiry into the construction of the school and the contractor who built the school should be punished.
Shillong, Lber 07: Ka KHNAM wishes all the students of the state all the best for their examinations in the coming days.
After that, they were taken to the police station to be arrested. When they were arrested, they said that the police had bombed them and sympathized with them until they stopped even standing and walking. They couldn't eat anymore, they made it so hard that Dany's legs were stiff and the shape of the tree was stiff and Robert's knee was stiff and he fell and died. you don't have a wheel chair.
“The incident ha Lad Umsyiem where BSF troops bombed and injured the people even until they shot into the air on 25th July 2023 is not the first time that we have witnessed the incident. In the past few days, several civilians have been shot dead by the BSF. If the State Government continues to take action against the violence of the BSF, there will be more victims. KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement.
In this regard, HYC members, SMB, SCB, Defense Estate Office and District Administration Office visited the site two months ago.
This Road Bah is also the most important road to transport tourists to different parts of Riwar Jaintia and this torti of Jowai Municipal has caused a lot of damage to the environment which is also the road to reach the famous tourist attractions such as Krangsuri and Wah Umngot.
The Regional Committee, which held a meeting on Tuesday in Shillong, will examine the border disputes in Block I (Psiar-Khanduli) on the border of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District. .
“I am an Indian and I don't believe in any religion but I am an Indian. If I am not an Indian, I am someone else,” Dr Mukul said. It is the duty of the three media outlets to cover the events with responsibility without misleading the public in any way. purpose, because many times only the writing in the media causes confusion.
He also promised that he would take all necessary measures to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in any part of the country.
This is the first visit of M Chuba Ao to Meghalaya since he took over the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai has said that there is no such difference of opinion when the party says or does anything as it appears. in the past few months especially in relation to the MDA government in which the party is part.
The KSU has congratulated the employees of UCO Bank Balat Branch for their hard work but they have not been able to provide the services due to the large area and the number of people.
On the other hand, Vincent H Pala MP in the Lok Sabha raised the question in the House and Wansuk Syiem MP in the Rajya Sabha also spoke.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee (SLPGC), KC Momin and its members today submitted a report to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on his working life. of April 2014 to January 2016.
Vehicles cannot move or stop on this day during this time.
mandating the Federal Government to auction off concessions for these key minerals will accelerate the auction process and the early production of essential minerals for new technologies such as space, electrical products, information technology, electricity conversion, food security and others.
During his visit, he also met with the families of those who lost their lives in this tragic incident.
However, as it is now in Meghalaya, there have been many explanations regarding the ownership of land.
In 2016-17, the state government has not been able to spend T.32 lakh, for 2017-18, it has allocated T.2.2 crore but according to his information, the government has not yet allocated. counting.
The villages under Mylliem Block are Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Lummawbah, Lumpdeng, Nongumlong, 3 1⁄2 miles, 4 miles, 4 1⁄2 miles, 5 miles, Nongpiur, Myrkhan and Laitmynsaw. , Mawklot, 6Mile, Madan-Iingsyiem, Lyngkein, Nongbet, Marbaniang, Syllai-u-Lor, Demthring, Nongkyntir Village, Ryngi, Pombot, Mawsawa, Mawlmeng, Pomlah, Pombot , Baniun, Mawkhanpasir, Mawblah, Mawkhar, Mawkhar, Mawkhanpasiew, Maweitnai, Mawkhar, Mawkhar, Madanriting, Madanriting (CT), Umsaw (Mylliem) Shyiap, Rangbih, Mawpynthi, Mawsing, Liewlong, Umiew and Rngi Shyllong.
The joint exercise between the Special Forces of the two countries is known as “Vajara Prahar 2023”. The exercise between the Special Forces of the two countries is the 14th time. now.
Shillong, July 15: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today handed over the vaccine booster at Raj Bahvan Shillong. you are on Covidshield.
The Shnong has also reminded that the word Rangbah Shnong is also the opinion of the Rangbah Shnong, in the past the Rangbah Shnong was called the Tymmen Shnong. The term Rangbah Shnong has been accepted and used throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The new India must include the humanist component of our DNA, the new India must be a society that runs towards the future, but a society that has concern.
Shillong, July 21: On the occasion of the 52nd Anniversary of the Independence of the State, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, inaugurated the Mawbynna at the entrance of the Raj Bahvan Shillong. the 150th anniversary of the Governor's residence.
As the opposition, it is to ensure that they bring the issues to be discussed in the House which is for the benefit of the people of the state. the state and they can raise many issues for them to speak in the dorbar on behalf of the people.
There was no casualty in this tragic incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Conrad K Sangma today welcomed two PDF MLAs Gavin M Mylliem and Banteidor Lyngdoh to the National People's Party (NPP). Speaking at the meeting, the President of the PDF party, Bah Gavin M Lylliem, said that the meeting was held at the party headquarters in Lachmiere. He said that the party has been involved in many struggles since its inception until the party took this decision to join hands with the NPP.
Before the raid, many shops were found closed. The union suspects that some shopkeepers were not informed because the union had not informed the JHADC and Rangbah Shnong before the raid.
Bomb disposal police and a team from the Crime Scene Unit arrived at the scene and collected the necessary equipment to assist in the investigation.
The KSU through this statement informs the police and the government that many of the members of the KSU have been martyred in the struggle and those who are still ready to surrender themselves for the cause of the Jaidbynriew until that the Ri Khasi shall be cleansed from the authorities.
By the end of the second day, the team of West Jaintia Hills has managed to win four out of five categories followed by the team of West Jaintia Hills. Ri-Bhoi won two gold medals while South West and East Khasi won one gold medal each.
In the 2013 elections, he was rejected as an independent candidate and won again as MLA Gambegre. In 2018, he won again as MLA from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and in After the disappearance of the NCP in Meghalaya, he joined the Congress party.
At this meeting, it was said that only the parry TMC will fight against the BJP to fight against its objectives and the party will fight hard to ensure that the BJP will not be able to achieve its objectives. of me.
Up to 35 cows were handed over to the Umkiang Out Post Police for further investigation.
We look forward to their support and from the Ministry of Finance and from the Prime Minister so that we can achieve the various goals we have set for Meghalaya,” he added.
Although the work was started during the reign of Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Regarding the use of CSR funds by the companies, the topcem officials who came today and spoke to reporters said that they do not can be accounted for.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat, said that this is a time of joy when Christmas has come and he hopes that this peace will prevail in the North East. whole.
“The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will meet with these children tomorrow, 25th July, 2021 through Video-Conferencing.
Many issues related to the North East were discussed during the meeting.
The request for clarification is because the containment zone according to the order of the DC Shillong is for Upper Mawprem, Jhalupara and Mawbah but Lower Mawprem is not in the containment zone.
I express my condolences to them.
According to the target, there will be about 250 garbage dumps, now even though the garbage dump is only 50 tons, the residents have suffered from the lack of water. water and this upsets the village officials.
Others who attended the function included Dr I Syiem, Dr in-charge Mawkynrew PHC, Dr EK Nongbri, Sordar of Mawkynrew Village, Bah N Shylla, Village Leaders, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew. , Bah K Lyngdoh, Secretary, Bah Seibor Warbah, PDF leaders including President Bah A Rynjah, PHC staff and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Nongpyiur Welfare Organization (NWO) Upper Shillong on Saturday awarded honors to the youths from Nongpyiur, Laitmynsaw and Myrkhan villages who came first in the results. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has recently released the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination.
In a statement, the TMC said that the AITC leader through twitter today apologized. “What he tweeted earlier was misunderstood and affected the feelings of the people and me. apologize".
Regarding the roads, the deterioration of the roads is excessive and when they write to the government, no one listens to hear the problems of the people. close these offices for one day.
He said that the work of the police in this age is not easy even if they do the right thing there will always be criticism.
We will support the States and through their efforts we will be able to ensure water security in the country.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that those who came today came in vehicles which they had prepared.
Since the outbreak of the disease in the state, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96447 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94749 people have recovered and 94749 people have died. to date, there are
He said that he congratulates the government for introducing the amendment of the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act. the MRSS Act which has become effective.
This delay of the government has put us in trouble because we too are getting older.
The Government has taken care of the 5200 people who have registered.
He said that the prize money for the winners of the Grand Master is Rs 30 lakh and for the participants from the state and the North Eastern States, their own prize money has been distributed. levels according to the different ages of the participants.
Regarding the statue of Syiem Tirot Singh, Syiem Khynnah said that they have to accept this because it is the Central Government which has issued the stamp of Syiem Tirot Singh. Syiem as a tribute to him, but on the part of the Hima will continue even if there is a chance to get the true image of Syiem Tirot Singh.
At the time of the fire, the driver and passenger of the truck were sleeping inside the vehicle.
Referring to the state, he said that the MP election has nothing to do with politics in the state, the people understand that.
The resources in the state have now been able to meet the requirement of Muga basic seed.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested four persons from Lawsohtun and said that they are members of the KSU. They are the people who live in Shillong.
The flag raising ceremony started from Motphran this morning.
In a statement sent to the media, the President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that on 3rd November, 2023, the State Government has sent the Sanction Order to all the students. Districts by directing them to send the money to the personal accounts of SSA teachers. He said that regarding the salary, the Minister of Education has informed that the Education Department of the Government The state will release the amount only for June and January, 2023 next week while the remaining salary for July will be released later.
He recalled that the KSU was first established in New Delhi in 2014 because of the presence of young people who have responsibility for the country and the nation and who want others to rise with them. Together with the needs of our brothers and sisters and those who are suffering in Delhi.
KSU Jalaphet Unit as part of the celebration of World Environment Day, especially to encourage and urge the residents to protect the forests to get clean air and to get a variety of food. of May Mary.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Despite the heavy rainfall, hundreds of people from South West Khasi Hills have come to take part in the A public meeting was convened by the JACSO of South West Khasi Hills District to protest against the mining of uranium in the area.
Minister Duh urged people to promote locally produced products.
During the meeting, it was agreed that they will work together to address the border issues between the two countries.
"“We have suggested to the Police Department to curb the entry of drugs into our State by collaborating with other Agencies or departments of the State Government or the Government of India to ensure that the right drugs “I don't want to reach Shillong,” said Bah Synrem.
The State Governments, the Central Government and other agencies such as the NDRF are working day and night to resolve the problems and curb the spread of the disease.
Leaders of the JSU today sent a letter to the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District to seek clarification on the news that Star Cement has received Environmental Clearance from the Ministry. of Environment,Forest & Climate Change (MoEF&CC) of the Government of India of Delhi.
The expectation of the residents who do not know anything about the NGT and its activities, is that on the 1st of this month, the NGT will release the mining and transportation of coal in The state through the advocacy of the Meghalaya government in front of it, but this has not happened as expected and now the great sorrow is facing those who have lost their income from the bills. come coal.
The party cannot accept the government's plan to build a railway line without providing special protection for the minority community in the state.
It may be recalled that the court had sent Bernad to Judicial Custody in connection with a complaint at the Women Police Station Tura, but the police were allowed to arrest them again in connection with the search for them. Bernard is still being investigated by the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Three persons were injured in a road accident at Mawkriah in Upper Shillong.
Shillong, November 08: The strike by the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has reached its second day today.
However, the Police Department has recently issued an advertisement on 6th October, with the inclusion of various rules, which states that the age of entry will be only from 21 years to 27 years for the post Unarmed Branch. (UB), Sub Inspectors and 18 years to 21 years for the post of UB Constable, and another five years for the post of ST/SC/OST. the Writ Petition.
Referring to the Legislative Assembly, he said that the Legislative Assembly has been held for nearly 20 years and before 2018 they could not decide how to act. The decision to start the construction of the Legislative Assembly and now under the supervision of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has almost been completed. make a decision.
Shillong, November 06: Meghalaya Police today visited the Nongshat Nongkhien religious building at Baniun, near Hynniewmer.
The Prime Minister's objective is to involve the youth of the country in the development of the country's job preparation, special priorities and goals.
During the inspection, the JSU found that although it is sufficient for all the houses and other necessities, it has not been used for the purpose for which it was allocated to provide services to women and children.
This is according to a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Iooksi Pyllun.
The residents of Ranikor C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District have rejected the claim of the leaders of the Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) that they have distributed food items to all the victims. help to these lanot.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioners of these nine districts and the Superintendents of Police of Bangladesh. Ahmed Kabir DC of Jamalpur District.
The union has received information that many of them have lost their part-time jobs due to the exchange of contracts and workplaces.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U TR Sharma, Registrar of Central Agriculture University, Imphal today informed that after a request by the Students' Union and the Meghalaya Government, students from outside Manipur will be admitted to the online training, for those from Meghalaya to study at Kyrdemkulai in Ri Bhoi District.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the owner of the pig, who did not want to be named, said that the reason for his arrival in Shillong was that there were no people in the two veterinary dispensaries under the of the Block.
The refusal to stand against the people by forcing them to take medicine or not to take TIKA Covid without respecting the rights and truth of each and every one of us, has caused many problems and especially on the In many parts of the State, the deaths of our fellow citizens in the middle of an unexpected time.
It is to be recalled that KAS has been demanding from time to time from the Government since 1979, to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution. India.
At this meeting, the Principal Secretary said that there should be cooperation between the schools, district officers to send the UCs in time so that the nym slem to salary.
The Indian Metrological Department (IMD) has forecast that REMAL is expected to cause heavy rainfall and thunderstorms on 27th and 28th June .
At the same time, the union warns the private companies in the state, because the union has found that there is a lot of exploitation of young girls by doing this. It is an understanding and if the party still receives complaints they will not hesitate if there is a need to take the law into their own hands.
Regarding the dates of the dorbar, it will be up to the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) to decide on the dates of the dorbar.
The STPS Buses Association (STPS) has lodged a complaint at Sadar Police Station.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marnger said that the demand for ILP is not over but it is still one of the demands of the KSU.
Bedamani Devi.
Certificates were distributed by Bah Budraplang Nongrum, Assistant Engineer, Urban Dept in the presence of MSHA members and other invitees.
There is now a strong pressure on India's principles in terms of political affairs in democracy," he added.
On the part of the village headmen of the area, they expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops who have been able to help the people who are really villagers who are far from the health centres.
During the meeting, the US envoys held talks with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at his office in Shillong today.
The Chief Ministers congratulated the Prime Minister for taking timely measures to curb the spread of Covid-1
Speaking to reporters, he said that there is no reason for his resignation as working President because he wants to spend more time in the preparation for the MLA election. it will be held in
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also an MP to the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya has tested positive for COVID-1
Other speakers at the rally were Telina Thangkhiew, MDC, Plastingwell Pangniang, MLA, Martle Mukhim, Ex-MLA and Defender Pakem.
In the first round, Laitkyrhong 'B' Hima Khyrim led by Shailangstar Khongsngi defeated Laitkyrhong 'B' Hima Khyrim in the first round.
Umsning Indian National Congress DR.CELESTINE LYNGDOH (WINNER), 12.
Tomorrow we will celebrate our 72nd Independence Day.
The importance of capacity building in the financial sector of developing countries is highlighted by the IMF's Staff discussion note in November, 2023 which states that 'a 9% point increase in tax-to-GDP ratio can be achieved through tax reforms and capacity building, especially in the case of Low Income Developing Countries (LIDCs).
The program was conducted by the Chairman, Bah Fernandez SDkhar.
“This has been going on for two or three months and we are taking this seriously because it affects the people and on our part, we have given suggestions on how to solve the problems,” he said.
On the other hand, the Director of the department said that the people should come forward and help the government department to fight against this mismanagement by the traders.
On the other hand, the Minister said that this fish farming scheme is important in improving the income of the people, but on the other hand, the Minister also explained that there are many protests. in Garo Hills which has affected the income of the people.
Through this campaign, residents will be encouraged to resolve to include 30 minutes of physical activity daily in their lives.
On the following day , the union held another program at Mawlai Presbyterian School , on this day , members of the union gave training to the students on the subject solid and liquid waste composting is an important issue to keep clean and not to spread garbage especially plastic which has polluted the entire city which affects especially the health.
Shillong, July 27: Meghalaya will set up a special police force to fight against protests under the jurisdiction of the police department.
The winner of the competition was Synod Higher Secondary School with a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka.
Shillong, July 05: Three MLAs, Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP, Jason S Mawlog and Hamletson Dohlieng of the PDF, today handed over their resignation letters from the post of MLA to the Speaker of the National Assembly. the council of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
He said that Meghalaya was created according to the Act of the Parliament of India which also defined the boundaries of the state. It shall begin after the meeting of the council.
At present, Meghalaya, which is one of the highest producers of soh niamtra, has declined with the passing of the days. In the eastern part of the state, the number of soh niamtra trees has declined as the days go by.
This was stated by Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District in a statement sent today.
Furthermore, the 21st Law Commission of India, after careful consideration on the reform of the Family Law in India, has submitted its report in April, 2018 and has recommended that the Uniform Civil Code should not be implemented. long necessary or appropriate to implement," he said.
At the time of writing, the names and addresses of the injured have not been released.
However, with the permission of the Bangladesh government to India to connect the North East by optic fiber from Chittagong to Agartala, this will speed up the Internet in India. the whole region to be in line with other parts of India.
Meghalaya Police have worked closely with Tripura Police to ensure the safety and security of the students. Parents can call 9436337946 and 6033090114, according to a statement sent by Bah GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police, Meghalaya.
The CEM may send the name of the EM to the Governor in these days.
This has resulted in a deficit of $101 billion.
At this public meeting in the presence of religious leaders, civil society and elders of the area, he said that the government has already prepared many development works especially in the field of roads.
The HPSO has strongly condemned Donbok Rynthathiang of Nongryngkew Village, Mawshynrut for allegedly raping his 14-year-old daughter. rta until you can't armet syndon you.
He was accompanied by former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, supporters of the AITC party.
Other shops such as paint shops, light shops have been allowed to open, but they will be kept for days, not to be open every day.
The JSU has urged the DGP to look into the Government's plan to set up Border Police Outposts in nine areas where the most incidents occur, including Mukroh, Khanduli and Langpih.
Referring to the Ganesh Utsav which is being held across the country, Prime Minister Duh said that this is the 'Shri Ganesh' of a new life for those who have been appointed on this holy occasion.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang, IAS, Director of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his pride to be present at this meeting as a resident of Mawsynram constituency who lives in Shillong. Think that Mawsynram will appear in the world when it is a town full of stones.
This provides information on many topics including comparison based on government schemes and private initiatives, based on information, place to know as a public platform, assistance to as a guide and encouragement in all respects.
The union demands that the government should immediately remove the employees and if they do not do what they need to do, they will do what they need to do by going to the authorities or even going to court to complain against this illegal act. This was stated by the President of the HNYF.
The KSU has sent a petition to all these people and requests them to help in this matter.
The Government will also increase the budget for those schools which are still in the deficit pattern and those schools which are still in the deficit pattern will be increased to the deficit system in the coming years.
Shillong, July 10: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that a mother of two children who came from Delhi is located at the Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health. & Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has tested positive for COVID-19 today.
Another person has been arrested by the Police on Saturday in connection with the IED bomb blast on the 9th of this month at Them Iew Mawlong.
The District Child Protection Officer said that if anyone from the family wants to take the child, please call 0364-2 Shillong and at 0364-2224409 of Lawei Baphyrnai Specialized Adoption Agency, Laitumkhrah, Shillong or on this mobile number
The building of the Model Degree College at Patharkhmah has been allocated through the Rastriya Higher Education Abhiyan (RUSA) at a cost of Rs 11 crore. and the construction of this building has been completed in some parts before it can be opened.
Furthermore, the department engages regularly with the States/Smart Cities through video conferences, meetings, site visits, regional workshops etc. to monitor the performance of cities and guide them. them to improve their work.
During the meeting, the union demanded that the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of East Khasi Hills District should issue only one permit for all taxis. The stems are blue and have been placed in different Regions even if they are in the same District.
Nongrem said that the arrival of these BSF troops has affected the traders from these areas who were trying to take them to their villages.
On this occasion, Bah Boldness L Nongum, Principal of the College, announced the opening of the Degree Course in the Arts and Commerce stream. moon.
The court has authorized the police for 40 days to investigate and after that he will be sent back to Manipur.
In his speech, the Chief of Army Staff congratulated the NCC members who came forward to donate their blood and this is an honorable deed.
Police have recovered a tyrmen from the place where the mother was lying injured.
He also requested to send a JE Engineer to check if there is any error.
They (JETS24x7) will earn money and we too will have peace and happiness if we have these two wheelers.
She said that their needs, aspirations and welfare are the priorities of the Government because the country develops when they develop.
It is appropriate that the portraits of these three freedom fighters of the state have been placed in this special place in the Durbar Hall of the Raj Bhavan.
The police believe that these are only the youngest and behind them there are the older ones or those leaders.
The matter has been handed over to the Chief Secretary of the State for approval.
The word 'taïar' should be replaced by another older and well-known word 'shaka' or by a native shalyntem, especially if the word 'taïar' has a different meaning from the word 'taïar' not to 'prepare'; 'plop' should not be replaced by 'bijai' or 'sepei'; the word 'compar' should be replaced by 'comparison'
During the inspection, they met with the residents of the area. The office has spoken to the DEO Guwahati office and they are discussing how to act according to the law.
The Jaintia National Conference decided on 1 September 1947 to join hands with the Federation of Khasi States in accordance with Article 4 of the Annexed Agreement.
Shillong, July 05: U Bah OM Shylla, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM), on Tuesday said that according to his RTI investigation, he requested from Mawbidong Presbyterian Upper Primary School. The school has four teachers and one of them has just passed matriculation.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that as an organization that looks after the welfare and peace in the society, it cannot help but send a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India. After the party saw many shortcomings in bringing peace and stability in the border areas.
The BJP Mahila Morcha and its group have also worked hard by campaigning from house to house in Shillong and elsewhere.
The Governor of Meghalaya will discuss this tragic incident with the Union Home Minister to investigate and ensure that a trial should be held to ensure that the rights of these victims are protected. be killed.
" The flow of tourists has witnessed a significant increase in recent years.
We’ve noticed your hard work but you don’t have to stop here – there’s much more you have to focus on.
On the other hand, the Director promised to look into this matter and to release the posts that should be in the Sub Centre.
The meeting was held to discuss how to find ways and means to improve the income of farmers especially in the North East of India. backyard chickens for farmers.
New Delhi, Lber 18: The All India Chakma Social Forum (AICSU), an organization for the welfare of the Chama community in India, today demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs (AICSU) Rajnath Singh to send an inquiry into the death of Kamal Mitra Chakma, a soldier of Assam Rifles Brigade No. 5009235 of 36th Assam Rifles B. Company at Jalaki, Nagaland.
Boston Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong Riatsamthiah said that this road was built in 1970 when the people of Mawlai used to walk and stand. However, it was taken advantage of by the night residents and this caused a stir among the people.
This suggestion of the CEM of KHADC appeared in the fourth section, in which it was written that the KHADC is pleased to request that the entire state of Meghalaya should be made the land of the tribals and the land of the tribals. Shillong, Nail 29: The Martin Luther Christian University has proposed to offer 100 courses in various courses of Under Graduate seat without You will need to pay for the year 2021-2
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of HANM, Bah Wills Sohshang, said that if the government does not remove the Deputy Commissioner as demanded by the HANM, HANM will not continue its protests. in this district.
The union suspects that there is a conflict between the VWSC and the Coordinators of the PHE department and that is why they did not accept the joint inspection. Overfive Biam, President of HITO, Sahsniang, said:
The purpose of their visit was to learn more and strive to improve the quality of health care in the state and to continue to encourage the people and to provide explanation on the provision of medicines as well as to reduce the number of people. During the inspection, the health officials have been able to talk to the staff and the people who come for treatment.
“This request of the Women's Wing is that the District Council will issue a directive to the Dorbar Shnongs which do not yet have women as Executive Members to include them in the EC of the Dobar Shnong.
10 km: 1st place T.12,0
The party does not hesitate to provide assistance to all those households who have been affected by the natural disaster in the past few days, for the benefit of the community and the nation as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 18: Sandy Nongneng Shanpru, resident of Nongumlong, Upper Shillong, has gone missing since 12.03.2019 this month.
Despite the Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown and the impact on all activities, the speed of implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission has been a good sign and this fiscal year, more than 3.16 crore households they got waterproofs.
This came after they beat Tanaw FC in a tie breaker.
The President of the HSPDP said that as this issue is sensitive, the Government should think carefully and take action so that it will not affect the peace and order in the state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Conrad K Sangma, who won the mid-term election from 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, on Tuesday said, “I have decided to take oath in the upcoming Assembly. I have seen that my supporters have taken the oath of office in the House of Parliament.
This is the first time that the 44th edition of the FIDE Chess Olympiad will be held in India, which is also the first country to launch the FIDE Chess Olympiad. for the first time since the tournament was first held in 1927.
Police are investigating those involved in the incident.
He said that as it is known, the Seng Bhalang has fought for the ILP to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners in the state.
The meeting was attended by Marlan Sungoh and other dignitaries including Wanbok Sutnga (General Secretary Dorbar Shnong Khliehrangnah), Wh.
The NFR has forgotten about the construction of the railway line while the people have not accepted it.
The shun is part of the right to write shun on the lyngkhuh day of remembrance, to give milk from the sick and so on.
According to sources, the reason for the delay in the completion of the construction of the old Khasi houses is due to the lack of funds. It has decided that although it has not been completed yet, the necessary works should be completed in this month.
“At this meeting, the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar spoke on the recent survey report released by the Government of India entitled 'Situation Assessment of Agricultural Households and Land and Holdings in Rural India, 2019'.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include that all schools will remain closed until the 30th of this month. rules that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will prescribe.
In areas with high tribal populations, screening of people (up to 40 years of age) for sickle cell disease (SCD) has been conducted through point of care (PoC) tests for SCD or through the Solubility Test.
The Seng also feels that many students are still in confusion over these decisions, and therefore it is urgently needed for the university/college authorities to come forward and take action. for the purpose of understanding the problems of the Final year students.
Through the G20, we must look at strong and coherent mechanisms to strengthen women's participation in digital and financial services.
Shillong, October 11: A team of inspectors appointed by the Supreme Court of India to monitor and monitor the snowfall on the border with Bangladesh arrived in Shillong today.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, they said that they have recently received a complaint regarding the government's thew land and the union has urged the present government to The State Government Integrated Checkgate Policy of 2010 has been designed to curb illegal collection of money by closing down private checkgate checkpoints in Meghalaya.
The cleaning of this road is from Mawphlang to Wahlyngkien and the remaining road is from Wahlyngkien to Weiloi. , Mawkyrwat and Ranicor.
Answering a question by Adelbert Nongrum, the Minister in charge of Education, Lahkmen, said that the age of teachers in colleges who are in the UGC salary category is up to 32 years. and for indigenous and minority groups extended by five years.
“According to the RTI reply received from the Personnel Department, Government of Meghalaya on 5th November, 2023, we have received information that not a single department has started setting up Roster Registers.
In his speech, the Minister spoke about the various achievements of the Government which are shown through the pictures in this calendar.
He praised the beauty of Meghalaya, especially Dawki and said, “I have seen the beauty of Dawki since I arrived here yesterday.
The government's call for a special session to take a decision is the voice of the people from all over the country, including Garo Hills as well.
The JAC stands firmly on the ground that in any way we should not lose this road and we will fight for our rights as citizens of Bri U Hynniewtrep U Hynniewskum within the India should not cut off the hearts and minds of those who oppose who have come to offer themselves as reported in the newspapers.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Damonmi Dkhar said that the Assam government has discussed the issue of border crossing especially in Khanduli, Langpih and other areas. He said that the union has decided to send a letter to the state government to talk to the Assam government as this happens from time to time.
The tournament will be held at the NEHU campus.
The Court, in its wisdom, has affirmed the unity that we, as the people of India, cherish.
The HYC has asked Bah Kyrmen Shylla whether the Lady Supervisors have been promoted. The answer is yes because there is a directive from the Central Government in
Police are looking for the perpetrators of this crime.
The government has already taken 370 hectares of land for the New Shillong Township and now it wants to take more agricultural land and this is against especially the land of the small paid which cannot be taken by the government. government.
The Mawpalai Forest has been owned by Umsawkhwan Village since ancient times and not by the government.
Answering a question on what department he wants to hold, Brolding Nongsiej said, “I don't ask for anything, but I will do what the prime minister allows me to do”. .
Speeches were delivered by some of the families who experienced this incident who told about what they have experienced, Rangbah Shnong and Riew Rangbah, Dr.C. Lyngdoh, MLA who expressed his condolences to all the families who have suffered the damage and affected by the natural disasters.
Rudra Rabha was charged under Sections 379/401/511/307/34 IPC read with Section 27 (2) of the Arms Act on the 24th of this month.
Shillong, November 28: To mark the third death anniversary of Dr Friday Lyngdoh, a rally was held today. to remember him as the longest serving president of Mawkhar Sport Club.
The two suspects were identified as Tinkhonei Haokip, 37, and another woman, 37 years old. Police have arrested the suspects and the investigation is ongoing after a case was registered under Section 21(c)/ 29 of the NDPS Act at Madanriting Police Station.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that the government is struggling to find ways how to pay the outstanding arrears of the SSA teachers. Replying to a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the Minister said it is true that the MSPCB was set up to the opinion of the government.
Indian Institute of Alternative Medicine, Kolkata.13.
The statement came after the state government issued an order to close down some parts of the city center on the morning of the 19th of this month.
Shillong, March 12: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Ernest Mawrie today announced the appointment of Mariahom Kharkrang and Gregory F Shullai as the spokespersons of the BJP in the state. Meghalaya.
Rani said that the party has set a deadline for the government to implement this before the state celebrates its 50th anniversary. This is the 50th anniversary of the statehood.
Besides, she is a clean person and her timely challenges will help us to get votes from the rural areas,” he said.
I am also pleased that 96-year-old Wummidi Bangaru Chettyjiuba, who was involved in the construction, will take part in this sacred work.
Furthermore, the Dorbar expresses its concern and opposition to the Acts issued by Parliament from time to time which are contrary to agreements and commitments.
As it is, their livelihood depends only on coal and this is also the state government by taking royalty and the central government receives the money from foreigners.
Why do I say this, because according to the Notification of April 13, 1951, Mukroh Village and their area still fall completely within the boundary of Meghalaya and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Training videos on blood donation were also released with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who said that a change in mindset helps to bring about positive change in the society.
He said that the proposal to take land to improve the NH-44 from Jowai to Ratacherra, he said that due to the poor condition of this road people do not want to pass through them but go to Guwahati to improve. go by Railway.
The meeting was attended by Shakil P.Ahammed, Additional Chief Secretary, Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Bah IW Ingty, Secretary, Social Welfare, Idashisha Nongrang, Director General of Police, Meghalaya and others. even.
“The State Government has already identified the sites for the construction of 18 Entry and Exit Points and for a while we expected the Government to take action by building the gate at Umling, Ribhoi District. “It is sad that this mynder check gate has turned into a Covid check gate and now it has turned into a house,” he added.
The SNS was established on the basis of bringing unity within the community and the area and to bring peace and order especially to curb crime.
Especially when we hear the foundation of the organization, we feel happy.
The CoHSO urges all the Government Ministers from the Chief Minister, MDCs of the three District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to join in this march. to express opposition to this Bill.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Regarding the bomb blast at the Coke factories in Riangdo area today, the General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD) in Riangdo, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the bomb blast was carried out by the UNFC. The bomb blast took place at Kyllon Mathei in Jalong, West Khasi Hills District.
On the same day, he also laid the foundation stone for the construction of a footbridge on the Ganol River.
According to a statement issued on 03/08/2020, the office has received information that there are people who are spreading false news regarding COVID-1 the fear of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The People Democratic Alliance (PDA) will hold a meeting tomorrow morning to discuss whether to contest the chairmanship election in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held on the 24th of this month. date of this month.
Sohan Nag in Class XII Science with 92.8%, Puja Kumari in Humanities stream with 85.4% and Roshani Thapa in Commerce stream with 100% pass. scored 81.2%.
The test is only for those who wish to send for the test voluntarily and the same decision will be held again in April for the MLAs. Shillong. , Nailur 06: The session of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDC) will end on 15th March 2020 next month. The court shall apply the Administrator Rule.
Shillong, July 06: The Cabinet meeting today approved the amendment of the Office Memorandum for the year 2022, which is the Reservation Roster. the amendment of the Office Memorandum.
Condolences also flowed from the Nokma and students from all over the country.
Policymakers, teachers, officials and experts from various groups representing 14 G20 countries including ADB, World Bank, UNICEF, UNESCO, UNDP and TIPS will meet together to discuss and work together to address issues including environmentally friendly development.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, attended the Vartalap as the chief guest. " said the Governor in his speech.
A short speech was delivered by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who expressed his gratitude and praise to the Women's Wing of Jaiaw Langsning for guiding the youth and himself as well.
“We have already prepared for strong protests as soon as the examinations are over, the more the government is doing, the more we will intensify the protests, because this is the struggle of the indigenous people to get rid of us. slavery and foreign conquest.
The Calendar 2023 shows the commitment of the Government of India to bring about economic development in all aspects in line with the vision, initiatives and leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Robert said that the HYC was formed to protect the identity of the jaidbynriew and to look after the welfare of the people and the state. Permit (ILP) and in recent years there have been doubts about the establishment of the party.
On 13th November 1947, Patel, who was the Prime Minister's Secretary to India, swore in to rebuild the Somnath Temple.
The State Government should take measures to lift the ban on coal mining as it has affected many residents of Meghalaya, especially in Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The BSF has now implemented a new strategy to curb smuggling from Bangladesh to India and with this implementation of this new strategy has been able to curb many illegal activities on the border between India and India. Bangladesh.
The Seng also complained that the delay in the start of the examination, by putting the students in a hurry, requires immediate improvement of the proper procedures.
Shillong, July 25: Three persons were injured in a road accident at Paham in Ribhoi District at 7.30 pm today.
At this meeting, Bah Dliwell Marwei, Vice President of the BJP, South West Khasi Hills District, said that without cooperation, nothing will happen.
He said that the union has gone ahead to raise awareness among the people to encourage the people to preserve the forests for the sake of preserving the herbal medicines.
According to the letter sent today, the four MDCs of the PDF have signed the same letter.
The club also invites all music lovers to become members of the club by registering themselves in order to promote their talents in traditional Khasi music.
Noting that tomorrow, 7th October is Jan Aushadhi Diwas, the Minister said that the availability of medicines at affordable prices through 9000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras has increased. thousand crore rupees for the poor and needy around the world.
Regarding the Electricity Department, the Government has accepted the directive of the Ministry of Electricity of the Central Government that if there is a need to install power lines, the Government has accepted the decision that the electricity lines will be installed. The land for the installation of these electricity poles shall be charged while the land for the installation of the electricity poles shall not be charged.
Shillong, March 3: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 423 people have tested positive for COVID-1 basically because of a positive test.
Shillong, March 27: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Tistosstarwell Chyne today approved a resolution to urge the Central Government to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier. Regulation 1873, known as the Inner Line Permit.
This is about 4 km from Nongpoh.
The civil society groups said that the DC has a close relationship with the residents of the district and is also a person who is ready to help those in need. The government should continue to appoint him because his term of office has not yet been sold. If the government transfers him, they will stage a protest.
Shillong, July 07: The KSU Nongthymmai today met with the EM Trade of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to complain to him about the illegal trade in Nongthymmai.
“If we do badly, our office bearers will not rise every day, not the Congress office bearers who are still missing,” said the BJP. We don't remember that the Congress used to do that.
The foundation stone of the JJM scheme at Lum Mawnei worth Rs 95 crore was laid by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma in 2022 in the presence of former PHE Minister Reniktor L. Tongkhar, MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Teiborlang Pathaw and Rangbah Shnongs of various villages of Mawlai.
The Chief Minister said that the office of the DFO Jowai was sent to inspect on the 21st of this month and during the inspection it was found that there are 11 illegal mines. The office has submitted a report to the government and on the 25th of this month they have been closed down.
The KSU puts before the Government that it should make some adjustments in the employment distribution as the Khasi community is more paid than the Garo community.
According to the villagers of Kongthong, initially, the distributors from the office of the supply office of Sohra Civil Sub Division had poured and mixed the rotten rice to distribute to the people.
Shillong, Lber 04: Two HSPDP MLAs, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut, today vowed to turn to the residence of two HSPDP MLAs, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut. If they do, they will go to Raj Bhavan on the 7th to swear in Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state.
Shella border area CPIn Garo Hills, the areas where members have been appointed to implement the ILP will be
There were only 6.5 crore broadband subscribers in our country in
“I will be like a man who is strong.
This is to celebrate the Shad ka kmen u Khun Khasi Khara which is held once a year at Madan Shad Weiking, as a sign of thanksgiving to God the Creator.
Ashley Ryngksai & 3Mickey Pdain.
Shillong, March 31: The celebration of Badhte Kadam 2012 in the state and across India will start from 3rd November to 2nd November this year across India. 2012.
The joint venture of these three candidates is to bring victory to the PDF from Mawryngkneng Constituency in the MLA Election
The union wants the government to recognize them as full time teachers of the government because these 12481 teachers have been appointed on contract and the salary they receive is from the scheme of the government. The Central Government is only the fourth teacher paid by the State Government.
The NEC Secretary's opening of the PSP under ICAR will not affect the Model Code of Conduct.
Speeches were also delivered by the Daloi of Shangpung Elaka, Samla Phrang Papang, President of KSU Shangpung Unit, Seinraij Shangpung Leaders and others. was killed by the British troops on the 5th of June,
Therefore, these 77 persons are according to the census given by themselves and all the information about these people is available with us here from the phone numbers and we are continuing to monitor them whether they have any or not. any problems they face whether it is accommodation, access to education, accommodation or any problems to be informed to ensure that they can live in peace and harmony.
Replying to a question on whether the party will give the ticket to Meghalaya, Alexander Laloo Hek said he has just seen in the newspapers that he wants the ticket. so far not discussed.
India is now the world's third-largest start-up ecosystem.
“For example, the PITNDPS cannot function without the cooperation of the village leaders or the villages, and it is on this basis that the Dorbar Shnongs have been requested to come forward to give their opinions for the I have formed the Village Defense Party (VDP),” he added.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The International Day of Indigenous Peoples was celebrated on 9th August 2014 at Shnong. Tyniar Village is located about 49 kms from Shillong.
While patrolling on the border with Bangladesh in Lyngkhat area of ​​East Khasi Hills District, BSF troops today saw people walking up and down. had 13 cattle and captured valuables.
On this occasion, the Magistrates had a good discussion and after the discussion, the land owners promised to comply with the request of the Magistrates to sign first and at the same time. The Magistrates promised to take their issue to the DC to talk to the government.
The project is for the Block Institute of Teachers Education (DITE) and the union has demanded that it should be upgraded to District Institute of Teachers Education (DITE) immediately so that it will benefit the district as a whole.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kenedy Khyriem said that Sohra is a famous village especially in the field of tourism. , modest manners and dress, as well as modest eating and drinking habits.
According to reports, the employees used to close the shop at night as usual, but today when they came to open it, they found that the shop was closed.
Therefore, the KDA invites all the people with disabilities to attend this day as a sign of unity to convey to the government the problems we are facing.
The urge and demand now from the State Government is to resume the mining and transportation of Mawshun as usual for the sake of the security, development, peace and order of the people of Khasi Khara-Jaintia and Garo and especially for those living in rural areas on the border with Bangladesh.
“Health is the most important part of human life.
He said that with the existence of this house, it will be possible to provide assistance to the people in the area.
Regarding the announcement of the party's candidates, Vincent H Pala said that the party from the AICC and MPCC will announce on or before the 31st of this month.
On the other hand, UK Nayal, spokesman for the BSF in Meghalaya, said that such illegal trade will affect the income of the country and especially the farmers of India from the country. The BSF will not sit idly by but will take action to eradicate such illegal trafficking.
Therefore, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills has decided to enforce Section 144 CrPC to ban such protests to maintain peace and order especially in this area. Lok Sabha elections 2024.
The East Khasi Hills District Police have been celebrating Christmas for many years and on this day they have been donating their assistance to the people in need.
The union will meet with the authorities of the department to discuss this issue and to express to them that if they cannot use this house anymore they should not leave it as it is now but the department is to hand over to the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram which has donated the land so that they can use it in many areas for the benefit of the community and the people.
In this regard, the government has allocated T.560 crore and this amount is also known as the government's donation to the clubs.
: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya State Unit on Saturday linked corruption and the Congress to the same.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, the Director of the Ministry of Education.
The village will hold a public rally on the 15th of this month to protest against the plan of the Khasi Hima Mawsynram to take over the land.
In his speech, Bah RV Lyngdoh Chief Whip of the Government said that the life of every human being depends on the cleanliness of the environment.
We will not allow any person or group who wants to tarnish the name of NEHU and our state as a whole because NEHU does not allow such groups to participate in youth politics. yet.
The losers were James K Sangma of the NPP, Zenith M Sangma of the AITC from Garo Hills, George B Lyngdoh AITC from Khasi Hills and Himalaya M Shangpliang from the BJP. Among the prominent returnees are Dr. Mukul Sangma who won from Songsak and Tikrikilla from Tikrikilla. Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, Metbah Lyngdoh.
Bah Nongbet started singing traditional songs at an early age.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong, Symbut Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, said that the government has received a request from both the District Councils and the District Councils. also from the Delimitation Committees to extend the term of office as they have to arrange the constituencies.
He said that if the peace talks go ahead, there will be more members to come.
The reason for Goel's resignation is unknown.
Besides these, many office bearers of the party were also elected.
On the other hand, the drivers' unions today met with the officials of the Meghalaya government from the Commissioner Transport and the state police to resolve this issue. He said that if there is a need to go to Assam to talk, they are ready to go.
The Union Minister today met with the officers of Ri Bhoi District at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. of the District to promote economic development within the District.
These buildings were constructed at a cost of about T 60.16 crore.
Due to the scope of this work, the rules and regulations for the promotion of training are in line with the various Central and State Government departments.
Marak said this is the wish of the Garo people and alleged that the public rally against Garoland was organized by the government.
What has made the police station more beautiful is that on both sides of the building have been built parking lots.
The Minister of Education said that the salaries of SSA teachers will also be released for the remaining two months and once the government has received the money from the central government it will pay it. and it remained two months.
Speaking on the occasion, KS Rana, DIG in charge of Jowai, said that the BSF has a responsibility to develop the people on the border with Bangladesh. give praise by the village officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh has fought for the reform of the PD not only after the independence of Meghalaya but until 1964 when Meghalaya was still under Assam.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, provides training to about 6,000 youth per annum in Computer subjects, in more than three phases.
East Khasi Hills District has won the third place by beating West Garo Hills 3-1
The contractors, in an interview with this reporter, said that they had thrown the nar ker on the footpath with the intention of cutting it with tins but this has caused a lot of trouble in their movement. public.
Furthermore, the Umsawkhwan Youth Association clarifies that since the past until now there has been no Mawpalai bar price as it has appeared in the newspapers in the past few days.
“The KSU will attend the government's call for talks on the 19th of this month, but we say clearly that if the government takes the wrong decision, the KSU will leave the meeting and will continue to do so. The protest against the construction of the railway line,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Shillong, March 31: The President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Tuesday said that the government should pay their salaries first and they will end the indefinite strike which they have started since March 20 November 2018.
SP News).
The Dy.CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, in an interview with the media, said, “The Executive Committee has followed all the rules and regulations. We have introduced the Delimitation before we set up the Delimitation Committee and we have got the approval of the Lat.
Shillong, July 11: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem and T. Chyne EM today met with the Union Minister of State for Finance Anurag Singh Thakhur.
Shillong, Naitung 03: U Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC of Mawphlang in his speech at a public awareness meeting on the health of children in Mawlaingut village, Diengiei said that the main reason for the death of children deaths of children under the age of five are due to pneumonia.
This is only to cover up so that the army can continue to forcibly occupy public places, according to the laws of the world countries even in India as well, the deployment of military bases anyway fall. I don't know how many kilometers away from public places, but it is understandable that the army bases in Meghalaya are only a few feet away from public places.
Eight out of 45 cases have recovered from the disease in East Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi. 3, West Garo Hills 1.
The purpose of Naiwieng to remember the souls of the deceased is to pray for all those who have passed away from this world to pray for the souls of those who have passed away. they.
Those who attended the exhibition had the opportunity to see the exhibition of Meghalaya products.
Following the clash between the Khasi Pnars and Karbi, the West Jaintia Hills Police Department has deployed police patrols in the area to maintain peace and order.
Only those who have passed Class II. Those who have taken subjects like Mathematics, Physics and English and their marks should not be less than 50%. and they must have passed a diploma in three-year education from any institution recognized by the federal government.
Samla Mario Pathaw presented and talked in detail about the characteristics of the Khasi cultural heritage titled 'Exploring the relationship between words, images and the indigenous representation of the Khasi Jaintia people' with Bah Benedict. S Hynniewta has exhibited his paintings since the early years of his career.
By showing determination and unity, and by being encouraged by the call of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for cleanliness.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Ka Sein Raij Shillong today celebrated Behdienkhmatim in Shillong with a march along with the national anthem and prayers in different villages where many people are still holding. they still hold on to their own roots.
The forms of disability have been increased to 21 types from the previous 7 types.
Shillong, Naitung 29: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, who is also the Minister of State in charge of Agriculture and Sports, on Tuesday visited St Joseph's Health Care. Mawkynrew and Holy Cross Secondary School.
The party also encouraged those youths who have not been able to do well, not to be discouraged and to continue to work hard so that they can reap the fruits of victory. .
Pangniang informed the House on the election of the Syiem of Malaisohmat Hima. He said that on the 27th of July this year, the High Court has issued a verdict according to the WP(c) No.117 2012 requesting the election of the full Syiem of the Hima because there is no full Syiem but Hilarius Waniang has been appointed as the Acting Syiem of the Hima. kingdom, so the court gave a decision to the kingdom to elect a full king.
At this meeting, the party will contest the MLA election in seven constituencies in Garo Hills.
He said that the church authorities had informed the Fire and Rescue Station, but as the office of the Fire and Emergency Services Station is located in Jowai, it was too late. Mupliang village The fire has destroyed the entire church.
In accordance with its mandate to supervise the procedures for the simultaneous holding of elections, and bearing in mind the context of the Constitution, the Committee submitted its views in a in accordance with the nature of the Constitution of India and in such a way that only a few amendments to the Constitution are required.
The College would like to express its gratitude to Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh AA Enterprise and D.Wartde for their contribution to the sports team of the College.
The revenue for the development of tourism in the state has dropped significantly this year compared to previous years.
Besides, the flag of India was hoisted at the opening ceremony.
The group also visited the caves at Udaygiri and Khandagiri, which have existed since the 2nd century BC and here they saw the foundation and heritage of Odisha.
Fourthly, the shooting happened only because the people surrounded the police and the forest guards of the Assam Government by carrying weapons and to protect themselves they (the police) refused to shoot.
After deliberation on these suggestions and views, the Committee recommended a two-stage approach to lead to the simultaneous election.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Government of Meghalaya has created a Civil Sub-Division named Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division in West Khasi Hills District. .
At this meeting, Ravi Kant IAS demonstrated how to clean up the waste from the environment and how to turn the waste into a source of income for the people. thoughts in relation to the work of salvation.
Prestone said the DC of Ri Bhoi District has been directed to issue the necessary notices and to see how to manage the area.
This was stated by Bah Thomas Passh in a statement sent today.
During the search in the presence of witnesses, police recovered 74 boxes of soap containing stem powder. Heroin is a drug.
Sabina said that it takes a lot of preparation to take part in the event in which about 40 countries will take part.
To protect farmers from environmental problems.
The weight bridge at Amsarin was taken over by Bah Deipormi Dkhar from the Transport Department in 2016 and will be renovated in
Regarding this, the Dorbar Shnong and the KSU said in a letter that they have spoken to MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai and in the talk they promised to look into this but it turned out to be a mistake. today.
At the same time, he urged the students to have the courage, the good character, the foundation on which you should stand, remember that your life should not have anything to do with just whatever space you’re working in, but it should attract those around you.
According to the agreement, the NHAI has to pay T.75 lakh per month. If the collection of road fees does not come out as agreed, the central government will pay the less.
He said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the DHS and District Medical and Health Officers (DM&HO) have employed thousands of people during the first outbreak of COVID-1 many have left their jobs only to be sent to the COVID-19 rooms.
Bolhoef said that Germany is ready to demonstrate how to protect the environment with its technology because this protection of the environment is important.
The Commission will hold meetings with the Chief Minister, Ministers and other state officials.
It was in 2018 that the UGC decided not to have a Computer Base Test but the government has not done anything.
Furthermore, on the 12th of this month, Police dismantled a sleeper cell of the HNLC which tried to detonate IED bombs again in Shillong and Nongpoh.
The KSU said that the KSU has already met with Ma Lahkmen Rymbui Minister of Education in 2019 on these issues regarding the quality of education in the state.
Be sure to avoid unsafe buildings or areas such as rooftops, sports arenas – such as golf courses, playgrounds and playgrounds.
“We have given 10 days, if the Meghalaya Government does not take action, we will not be able to show our work, whether it is illegal or legal,” he said.
A major role for India in the past five years has been the development of partnerships in Government services in collaboration with traditional authorities, women's groups, farmers' cooperatives. and youth teams to build a strong Team Meghalaya.
Tura, Nailur 05: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on the first day of their indefinite strike today, did not allow the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Denand. T Sangma and the Deputy CEM to enter the office without paying their salaries.
The petition was signed by NFNS President Munish Tamang, President, Nikman Marak, Vice President, Stalyn Ingti, General Secretary, HSPDP President KP Pangniang and other leaders.
To preserve the jaidbynriew is the language, we recognize any jaidbynriew by the language they speak, HANM demands from the state government as it has accepted the decision to demand from the central government to introduce the language. Khasi and Garo languages ​​to the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution on 27th November 2018, If the Khasi language cannot be protected by law, it will continue to decline and it is unfortunate that in this age only languages ​​are spoken. bud stinging.
Through this youth, she will also be a good example for the youth that if they have the will, the opportunity is open, regardless of gender where they can get jobs according to the your skills.
Another arrested person was identified as Bhaijan Warbah from a vehicle number ML-10-C-5608 and Barabor Namsaw from the police. 8/3/2022 and a case has been registered at Sardar PS. Police have not hesitated but have searched and arrested Barabor and another suspect. Khraw Shylla of Nongmynsong and police have allegedly been involved in many robberies in Shillong.
The festival will end today on the 12th of this month before the birds leave the area.
The Government has also worked tirelessly to combat climate change through the State Action Plan on Climate Change
Hinge.
He also spoke about the cooperation with the security manufacturers.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the districts which have done well in the fight against TB and the fight to eradicate it by
Capt Keishing Clifford Nongrum gave his life in the battle and captured the camp on Hill 4812 from the Pakistani army. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that 3 cases have recovered, 56 cases are still in critical condition, 10 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 7 cases in East Khasi Hills. cases, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi.
Therefore, we urge the MDA Government especially the Minister of Education to take action on this issue so that the students and staff of this school will not be discouraged when they come to this school.
People can also register online to participate in this program on the website.
The order was issued in response to the unexplained deaths of pigs in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Bah IO Swer, SDPO, spoke on the role of VDPs in the villages.
We shall be slaves in our own land.
“Since I was elected as MDC, I have been a servant of the people of Mawlai and during my journey I have seen many things that Mawlai needs, and as an MDC I have worked hard to bring about change in Mawlai. Mawlai in collaboration with the village leaders and the people,” said Bah Pathaw.
Mawryngkneng Voice of the People Party HEAVING STONE KHARPRAN (WINNER),
This book writes and analyzes the Khasi stories and explains the Khasi language and the richness of the Khasi culture.
The prize money for the winners will be Miss Lakuthiñ R.s 35,000/- for the first place, T.20,000/- for the second place and T.10,000/- for the third place. There are also 5 tickets worth T.2000/0 each.
We also urge the State Government to hold talks with the team approved by the HNLC Central Executive Committee led by the Vice Chairman,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Land Management, Marcuise N Marak, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Joram Beda, Commissioner and Secretary, Director of Land Management, I.Rynjah. health.
Himalaya Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram said that he had conveyed at the meeting that the government should first hire its own people who have special qualifications and complained that there is a shortage of here and there on the part of the District Administration but it would be better if they called for talks to resolve the issue.
The Chief Minister expressed his regret at a public meeting at Byrwa village at the inauguration of the Meghalaya Aroma Mission.
At present, the examinations called for by the MPSC can be held only in Shillong and Tura. It would be better if they could be held in Williamnagar and Jowai. it cannot be held two or three times on the same day.
From these two persons, BSF recovered a .22 pistol and seven demand letters which were used to distribute to the traders in the area.
At the Secretariat, the Chief Secretary, RV Suchiang, laid a wreath to commemorate the birthday of the father of the nation. this day.
The Minister said that reliable but unconfirmed reports are that Assam still has the Armed Forces (Special Power) Act. what is behind it cannot be said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh congratulated Pastor Kross for raising and caring for these 67 children. this bag.
Although the company has its own guards on the network towers, the problem is that these guards have not stayed here and the gate has been left open and unlocked and we have not been able to escape. to meet face to face.
The bridge has been paid and the government has prompted the government to build the bridge but the bridge has collapsed and the central government through the Road Construction Department has allocated new funds to build the new bridge. to T.9.70 crore.
“The scheme of only Rs 15 crore to fill the 36 constituencies is not easy and he said that for the past five to three years they have not given the scheme and besides the proposal, not even a penny has been given. This is not only happening to me but to all MPs in India,” he added.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the elders of the area and officers from North Garo Hills District.
At the same time, the Minister urged the students that if they do not get admission in good schools and colleges when they go abroad to study, they should study in Shillong because in Shillong too there are good schools like others.
Referring to the demand for the implementation of the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule, he said that don't wait now as India will go to the elections in These issues will be discussed after
The Principal Secretary, PHE and Education, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the school has been able to complete the work of sewage treatment plant. The inspection was conducted yesterday and the report was submitted as complete, except for the contract to look after the landfill.
The opening of this tungtap production plant is part of the government's efforts to improve the income of the villagers involved in the farming and selling of fish or any other products that can be produced from the fish. It is also hoped that such schemes will help in providing employment to the residents who have a major role to play in the income generation of the country and the state.
There is also a language spoken in society that is know well and well informed.
The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government is ready to ensure that the elections will be held smoothly at all the polling stations with the presence of police.
Thus, the earth and the stone have been the sources since the beginning of the earth which have been the tools and weapons for all the creatures in the universe.
The department is ready to distribute the policy to the public to invite suggestions from the public for the improvement of education in the state.
The DC has called upon all to cooperate to make the campaign a success which will start on the 24th of this month.
What they will do in the future will be discussed whether they will knock on the door of the court to demand their rights. claim.
The authorities have returned another 50,000 thousand tyngka and seized most of it.
The State Government has appealed to the Supreme Court after twice losing a petition filed by a group of college teachers including Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang and others. Justice Hima Kohli and Justice Ahsanuddin Amanulla of the Supreme Court on the 11th of this month, heard the case. The case against him and other teachers who have been complained against.
The letter also urged the government to deploy more police in the area along with the provision of necessary equipment to provide security to the people of the area.
Speaking on the occasion, Raashid Alvi Honoray Adviser of BPST, said that journalists are between the Legislative Assembly and the people because it is through the media that the people know what their leader is doing. he went into the council.
The KSU also wants all the MLAs to discuss the National Education Policy, as well as the delay in starting the Shillong Medical College and the upgradation of all the Polytechnic Institutes to full fledged Engineering Colleges.
Shillong, June 12 : School teachers under the banner of JACATAM today staged a protest near the office of All India Radio to protest against the government. The government's mismanagement of the salaries of school teachers as discussed in the House.
It is understood that the President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, will raise some of the issues faced by the farmers of the state.
At this meeting of the Committee today, after looking into all the requirements, it was found that the committee has decided to allow the school to reopen.
“The states of the North East need to create an environment that can help investors so that investors can feel comfortable and their problems can be addressed and this will improve the local investment," he said.
Rani said the Congress has failed to fulfill its promise to employ lakhs of youth as it promised in its manifesto in the last elections.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today held talks with the HSPDP to join the Congress-led government.
The government's silence on the demand of the 14 political parties to implement the ILP is an act of violence and violent rule without listening without considering the threat to the state as a whole. We have been overwhelmed by the authorities and foreigners who have entered the village illegally and who have forcibly invaded the villages and violated the rights of our indigenous people in the state.
New Delhi, Nailar 8: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the country's athletes for their excellent performance in the Olympics.
Treiborlang R Suchen urged the state government to provide immediate Ex Gratia assistance to the families of these refugees from Lamin.
At the same time, Bah Dorphang sent a message to the HNLC to request all the party office bearers who have worked with him to come forward to live a new life through dialogue with the new government. that the peace and stability of the country and the nation does not depend on weapons but through dialogue that can achieve the goals.
Warjri said the Hima will send a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State Government regarding the request for a police station in the area for the sake of peace and order. in this place to avoid the constant harassment.
The Minister said that they will conduct a thorough investigation whether the railway line has caused the illegal entry of foreigners, whether there is any loss or gain from the railway line.
Bah MH Dkhar added that for many years we have never heard that the JHADC will issue TL, PT and TCC against foreigners who live and work in the country. I don't live in Jaintia Hills.
The remaining T.40 lakh from the Central Government as assistance to those who have dedicated themselves to the country and the donation from the State Government of T.7.5 lakh have now started to be distributed. this work and as soon as they get it they will release it.
The Office of the District Medical and Health Officer, East Khasi Hills, Shillong will conduct a polio vaccination program at designated places in all the villages in the district. thliew house in you.
According to Article 243(M) (1) of the Constitution, nothing in Part IX of the Constitution (relating to the establishment of Panchayats) can be implemented in the Scheduled Areas. Area referred to in clause (1), and the National Areas referred to in clause (2), of Article
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the heavy rainfall from 19th to 26th June has caused severe damage in the state. The Deputy Commissioner has been directed to collect the census.
The union questions whether Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State does not know that the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act, 1979 (Work Permit) is a law. which has been extended and implemented since 28th November,
The request to the indigenous peoples is that they should have autonomy without being subjected to outside forces.
Pastor Rympeit, while reading from the Bible, urged that as ministers to show by their actions and not just to talk and urged the members of the pastorate to bear fruit. .
During these two days of training, a football tournament was held and at the same time, various singers and musicians performed during these two days.
The government has now released only two months of rice.
He said that Jaiaw Langsning is the first village to accept women as Executive Members in the village.
On the other hand, the 40 villages surrounding the Abhi Coke Industry and the JSM have demanded the relocation of the factory from the area. It has affected the health of the people of the area.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Donal V Thabah.
Jowai, November 06: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Union Government has summoned the officials of the Jaintia Hills Government to explain to the public the schemes of the Union Government implemented in the state with the funding of the Government. mother.
This is another milestone in achieving the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a peaceful and prosperous North East.
“Dr Mukul didn't want it, if he wanted it, it would have happened at that time, when the General Secretary of the HNLC, Cheris Thangkhiew at that time, had spoken to the Minister of Home Affairs at that time. for.
Therefore, the JYF-EJH urges the government through the DC to expedite the implementation of the wishes of the people of the district to avoid any collisions between commercial vehicles and private vehicles. John Pala Secretary of JYF-EJH (SP News) concluded in a statement.
Teachers were urged to teach the children to avoid these evils and to do how to eradicate these evils from the society.
Shillong, March 8: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and the Federation Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. started the picture shooting in Umliang.
Two special schemes of the Government are currently being implemented across the country, the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY) and the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana-Saubhagya to provide electricity to all villages and areas. in the cities, and also operate in Meghalaya.
HANM said that other states like Karnataka and West Bengal are using football grounds to set up Corona Shipor Hospital. in the house of the sick.
The union expresses its regret over the government's lack of attention to these offices on this special day of the Khasi people and strongly warns that if any offices do not respect the Khasi holidays. the party cannot act strongly.
However, the Chief Secretary has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the Government of Assam to request that the case against the four residents should be dropped by starting the talks. I have appealed to the Chief Minister of Assam and I myself have requested him while the talks are ongoing, while we are opposed to move forward to find ways and means against such incidents which can increase the situation. He has agreed to look into this matter and we have worked together and I would like to inform you here that we have immediately seen the support from the Government of Assam and especially the Myntri Rangbah,” he said, expressing the hope that this work will be completed soon.
Police have recovered the body of the newborn baby boy and are doing the necessary.
Dr TS Anurag, Media Lab Asia, speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the new initiative, said that farmers in Meghalaya now have only one phone. You can ask for clarification regarding agriculture if there is any problem.
Speaking on the focus on women-led development, the Prime Minister said that many NariShakti have taken part in the SankalpYatra of Viksit Bharat.
The letter was sent to the party president Ernest Mawri to inform him that the meeting to support him as president was held under the leadership of party president Chaphrang Lyngdoh.
All kinds of violence against children, women and men, from rape to murder, has increased steadily with the passing of the days and this tragedy faced by the children has put the the lives of other of our children, in fear and insecurity of their lives.
New Delhi, Lber 13: The appointment of MBBS doctors to rural health centers is the responsibility of the state governments and the permission to appoint MBBS doctors who wish to study at the post graduate level in the village. in the State Government because the State Government is the employer.
Shillong, July 06: The BJP will contest for Vice President David Kharsati from Nongthymmai Constituency. The names of the candidates will be announced soon from those constituencies where no ticket has been filed.
He said that the pumping of water is still going on 24 hours a day, but due to the excessive flow of water from the river near the water tanks, the pumps are now running out of time.
When SP News Agency tried to contact the District Administration for clarification on the incident, it could not be reached at the time of writing. .
This incident shows that we are no longer the masters of our own country.
On the other hand, the audience who saw the film on that day praised it and said that it was beautiful.
All drivers and passengers carrying goods shall be checked at the entry points in accordance with the rules.
Children should be taught to remember to respect nature as a gift of God as God gives children to their parents.
Shillong, March 18: U Bah John F Kharshiing today received a phone call from the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee. The President has also scheduled a meeting on the 21st of this month at 5 pm at the Governor's House in Raj Bhawan.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The KHNAM has decided to confirm Bah Dimarsing Marbaniang as the MDC candidate of the party from Laitumkhrah Constituency.
The vehicle suspected to have been used by the buyers had the number plate of Assam and the truck carrying the timber also had the number plate of Assam. of these groups today seized these vehicles and also the trees.
We strongly condemn this action of the government and from time to time it attacks only the citizens of the state and at the same time we condemn the arrest of Kong Agnes who went for to speak out against the problems of the people of the area who are poor but the government has arrested Kong Agnes.
They demanded that the government should implement the ILP in the state to prevent the entry of foreigners like in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Mizoram.
About 40 people from all over the constituency, Rangbah Shnong, youth, elders, KSU leaders and others attended the meeting.
The BSF patrol on the border with Bangladesh is to maintain peace on polling day across the state on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the HYC has explained that they should not have such a spirit but should move forward on the right and truth so that they can eradicate the exploiters in the society. Therefore, you as the people should understand how to stand up and not allow the exploiters to continue. If the people allow these evil deeds, it will cause problems to you the people. When you go shopping at a shop, you should always ask for a cash memo and if they don't give you a cash memo, you can inform the village authorities or the law enforcement authorities so that they can take the necessary action.
Police said that the HNLC member joined the HNLC in 2002 and escaped from the hands of the police near Dangngar. to stay in that place.
“We will nominate our own candidates (from both the seats) and we hope to win the election,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
After his arrest, police have conducted investigation to find out more about others who came to Williamnagar.
The demands of the Congress MLAs who are in opposition to the Prime Minister have intensified after the Congress candidate lost the MP elections in Tura and Khasi Hills. I didn't win the election in Nongstoin.
The Seng urges the department to complete the work without delay.
Two new cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 83301 so far.
Once there is peace, there will be peace now, and if there is peace, there will be peace in the future, and in the end it will lead to peace, it will be a blessing to the state as a whole, the nation as a whole. A great blessing to those members of the HNLC who are the children and youth of the state.
This census is not only for the Prime Minister and the Cabinet, but for MLAs, MDCs and government employees as well.
The sixth round of polling will be held on 25th June 2024 in seven states and union territories.
This is according to a statement issued by Rangbah KL Mawlong, Secretary Lum Jingthang Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie.
This incident affected the mind and treatment of Sr.
“Both the parties have more than 3.35 lakh votes and we believe that this shows that the people of the state also trust the UDP and the HSPDP,” he said. the people want us to work together.
With the introduction of this Act, the Village Authorities have been able to implement this Act together with the District Administration by having a District Task Force Committee and this Act will prevent the entry of people without proper documents to this state.
Shillong: Bijou Cinema has opened online ticket sales for the Khasi film 9-Lad which will start screening at Bijou Cinema from the 26th of this month.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Village Authority and the residents of Namlang. The welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong. This was followed by dancing, performances by the students of Namlang School, a special song by the group of Longkmie Namlang.
He said that the GHADC and JHADC are now facing financial difficulties than the KHADC and have now had to refrain from appointing new employees.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Union, Kong Mirajune Myrsing, said, “The meeting has taken one decision, while the Government has not listened to the demands. of MAWU, the ASHAs have decided to continue our protest.
In the past years, Donkam has played for the Chandmry FC from Tura.
In the General Election to the Legislative Assembly, the NPP did not nominate a candidate from the 53-Ampati Constituency.
“Fellow citizens, Republic Day is a time to remember our foundations.
Shillong, July 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of three government departments, the Electricity Department, the Water Supply Department and the officers of the Health Department. The Chief Minister has convened a special meeting to discuss the construction of the Tura Medical College in Tura and the Department of Roads at the DC office in Tura. to resolve the issues in the middle of the construction of the Medical College.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Pa'im of Mylliem Hima, Bah Ricky Nelson Syiem, said that the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has not yet received any assistance from the KHADC. SCAS scheme to improve the market.
This hospital will provide assistance to those who work in jobs where their job will be dangerous and if anything happens this hospital will be a place of assistance and this hospital should also have a medical treatment system. basil.
The vacant EM seats in the KHADC have been reduced to three after the Congress withdrew from the alliance with the People Democratic Front (PDF).
These soldiers belong to the 29-Assam Riffle Battalion.
He said that it has brought about instability, cleanliness in the village and even in the lack of jobs in the village documents and other jobs.
The 11th International Tourism Mart was inaugurated in Shillong by the Union Minister of State for Tourism Shripad Yesso Naik in the presence of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 21,36,281 people have been vaccinated in the state, ranging from the age of 15 to over 45 years.
Speaking on these partnerships, Mahua Acharya, CEO & MD, CESL said that CESL is grateful to be able to work with the State Government authorities for the production of clean electricity.
This was announced by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, a volunteer, in a statement sent to the media on Saturday.
There are 35 temples, 100 mosques, 70 churches, 30 markets and the distance from Phedaldoba to Tura is 170 km. don anything you rule.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Police of Umiam Police station today recovered a body from a pond in Umiam.
East Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills won the bronze medals.
The road was constructed under the SUWP scheme at a cost of Rs 2 lakh.
The Konggor said that the rituals have already started but since morning the Duhalia have come to teach them again those instruments. Therefore, I would like to ask you to pray for your suit and shor.
In the districts, the government will build government residences where all government employees from different government departments will be able to stay in the same place and will be able to get to know each other. long in the areas of the Districts.
This is a false news and even the office has heard this news.
He said that the reason for the incident is unknown.
He said that it cannot be just for the purpose of moving the troops even though the talks have been going on for a year and a half but it has not given permission. and the people shall suffer.
The Central Government is preparing to improve the memorial by providing facilities for the visitors and especially for tourists, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the memorial. There will be many celebrations on this day which will be held on the 13th of June
He said that this is the information received so far regarding the missing persons.
Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa, Director in his speech, said that every citizen should be vigilant about corruption in the society and working groups should have a strong protection, cooperation and punishment so that any corruption can be brought to a peaceful end, to make India corruption free.
Speaking on the occasion, the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Laborious Manik Syiem, said that the former Syiems of the Hima have filed a case in the Federal Court. The Supreme Court to seek clarification, but on the part of the Syiem who had eaten kwai at the door of God Paim Sati Raja due to the actions of people involved in politics had to resign. This was published in
Speaking in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs, Sirdars and Lyngdohs of the Hima, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States, expressed his gratitude to the Paiem. Father Manik Syiemlieh, and the Chief Executive Members of the Nongkhlaw Hima who agreed to convene and convene a special and fourth National Assembly.
I would also like to thank all the officers from various departments who are present here".
This shows that in Assam, there is a lot of illegal immigration.
Shillong, March 24: The UDP Pynursla Pyllun has held a meeting with the two MDC constituencies, Nongshken and Langkyrdem-Laitkroh to discuss the upcoming MDC elections in After a thorough discussion, the meeting today decided to send the names of Bah Lutphar Dkhar for the post of candidate from Nongshken MDC Constituency and Bah Ryngkstlang Lyndem from Nongshken MDC Constituency. the Light Cross.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC and Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that if it were to fight with the Khasi army, it would be dangerous but now it is clear that the VPP is from West Bengal.
The festival was organized by Forever Young with the support of the Meghalaya Farmers' Commission, the Meghalaya Fruit Winemakers' Association and the Ministry of Forestry.
We need the ILP so that we can punish the illegal immigrants and not a law that does not intend to ban the entry of foreigners such as entry and exit points and Facilitation Centres.
In his speech, he compared Meghalaya and Kerala as having many similarities in many areas, in the field of education and to improve income in this area is an important task. It is up to the people to do this according to their feelings.
Shillong, Lber 11: Four youths have been arrested by the residents of Mawlai Mawdatbaki today afternoon on suspicion of drinking drugs inside a shop. The arrested persons are Rickelson Jyrwa, 28 years old. , Rudolf Sohlang, 22, and Celine Ranee,
We also want to complete the construction by November 2021 and July
She won three competitions.
The funeral of Dr Sailo was conducted by the government authorities in accordance with the rules laid down by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
This preparation paves the way for the implementation of the NEP, 2020 in the next 10 years which is essential for the smooth running of the work.
On the other hand, the MLA in a meeting held at his residence today, directed the district authorities to expedite the delivery of relief measures to the people as the damage is unprecedented. In Meghalaya, 1598 houses were damaged in the same area and the damage was in the billions of rupees.
As an assistance to the families of those who died, the Government of Meghalaya has donated Rs 500,000 each as usual.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The construction of the Itshyrwat road has ended at Umtyngkhun and the non-continuation of the construction of the road to Shillong bye pass has encouraged many churches that the government should Continue on this road to Shillong Bye Pass.
Many projects have started in Shillong, such as the Super Market at Khyndailad, the Smart Road near All Saint School, the Laitumkhrah Market, the Polo Market. .
Rain will also be expected in parts of Meghalaya today 20/3/2024 and heavy rain will be expected in parts of Meghalaya today 21/3/2 day.
Shiphew varieties of aroma crops are the most popular in Meghalaya and those that have been cultivated, and through this mission there is also a plan to expand the cultivated area to 1000 hectares.
“This is the day of new unity through the RozgarMela which has been associated with the activities related to employment and self-employment in the country which has been going on for eight years now," he said.
He said that these water tanks are from the Water Supply Scheme since 2007 and belong to the Water Supply Scheme at a cost of T.11.06 lakh. There is no maintenance by the PHE and it is also a water problem for the residents.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that they have received information that there is a robbery in the village from time to time and today the police have gone to check on them. that ktem is empty.
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma's statement on the issue of food security.
From 01.04.2023, the identification of 4 areas under the AFSPA has been cancelled.
The 119th Anniversary of the Kutsnem has been celebrated today.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with Bah R.Rapthap Secretary, Ministry of Education, he said that the meeting with the Secretary was not successful because they did not get what they demanded. the salary that is now six months outstanding.
The deceased were three persons, Marzina Sangma, 61, of Kharkutta, Gopal Saha, 56, of Polo, Taru Lata Mondal, 65, of Upper Laban. Both of them died at NEIGHRIHMS Hospital Shillong.
The ONGC has been visiting the area since 1987 and has been conducting inspections until 1990. In the area known as Khasiamara, it has built roads and the inspection into the meiramew has also been conducted. by the years.
Despite class or racial discrimination, the daughter's husband belongs not only to one family but to the whole village.
What is happening in Meghalaya is that the state government is the stumbling block for the existence of these schools as it is now for the JNV School in Mawphlang where the government cannot take a decision to supply water. to the permanent campus of this school located in Mawphlang.
Shillong, Nailar 10: “It doesn't matter if there are differences of opinion, but the word phira is unity, order and work,” said Luizinho Faleiro, Secretary General of the All India Congress Committee (AICC). Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan in Shillong, the AICC leader in charge of Meghalaya said that differences of opinion are one of the parts of democracy because the Congress party. it is a party that busts democracy.
Shillong, March 20: Police in South Garo Hills District have arrested four persons and rescued an animal known as Kyrbei from the hands of poachers.
The Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs spoke about the low number of daily cases but warned that people should not take this stingy.
Police of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday at 5 pm arrested Bah Audrick Nelson Nongrum, 19, of Madanriting Block-F.
These cows were seized by the BSF troops who were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh and the BSF handed them over to the law enforcement authorities. to do what is right.
“As the BJP understands that in West Bengal there are many votes of the minority, as it is now the people have to understand to maintain the constitution to get independent governance,” he said. to Congress.
They were identified as Shambor Shati, 26, and Mesadap Sohpen, members of the KSU.
On the other hand, COMSO demands that the Home Ministry and Amit Shah should approve the implementation of the ILP in our state.
in and the closing date will be
On the same day, the committee has lodged a complaint and sought a reply from the member secretary SEIAA. It is to be recalled that the committee has already closed down 15 illegal coke factories in Thian Shallang in
The presence of these nine Thermal Scanners has helped a lot to check the people as the most needed is Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District where more than 2000 people enter and leave the country every day. .
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Elton C.Warjri, recalled the path of the party in 2014 and beyond where the members should have a strong spirit to serve the nation as a whole.
After the last rites, the soldiers handed over to the family members to perform the rituals at his village in Nongbah Marshillong and buried him at the cemetery of the Pyrebyterian Church.
In the junior 44 kg category, Silverstar Marten (gold), Banskhem Waniong (silver).
The Governor urged the soldiers to be thoughtful, understanding, determined, innovative, determined and to introduce another clean work, responsibility, to be fair and equal in rank if possible they will serve as leaders within the armed forces.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya today signed a memorandum of understanding with Apolo Hospital to work together to protect children from high blood pressure. the death of children from the disease.
pan style='font-size:10.5pt;line-height:115%;font-family: “Arial","sans-serif";color:black;background:white'>The members of the Dorbar Shnong includes the Seng Longkmie, The Seng Samla, The Sports Club members and other senior citizen of the area.
Secy) of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle and other leaders and members of KSU Laskein Circle and some elders from Saphai.
If the Central Government is planning and waiting for how to mine uranium from Ri Khasi, it means that it is not only the Central Government but the Central Government which has oppressed the minorities and has no responsibility. part of the tribes which it has converted to India since ancient times.
Shillong, July 03: There is a shortage of BSF personnel to patrol the border with Bangladesh within the Shillong Frontier.
Superintendent of Police, South West Garo Hills, UR Muthu said the GNLA militants had gone to the village to demand money.
The special event of the Niam trek will end on the 13th of this month with the laying of the rods at Aitnar in Jowai.
He also reminded that the rape of girls who are not of marriageable age will be punished under the Prevention of Children from Sexual Offenses Act,
There are also some of these 9 persons who have not submitted their Birth Certificate.
Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Mahemaia Tyngkan and Bajop Pyngrope MDC have explained that the NPP-led MDA government has failed to meet the needs of the people. This government has done many unfounded things.
The party invites the citizens of the state to send their nominations to the NaMO app or by calling Miscall on
Purningstar alleged that this is the refusal of the CEM of KHADC who is the head of the Council and the Elaka EM Jambor War to appoint Lyngdoh Sohiong. JAC Sohiong Chairman said.
On the other hand, the state police have tightened security measures across the state especially in Shillong to ensure that there will be no incident on this Independence Day.
At the same time, the Raid Nongtung supported the KSU Raid Nongtung Unit and members of the KSU-NKH who went to dismantle the sing board on the 10th of this month.
The union has met with RV Suchiang Cabinet Secretary in charge of the state budget to discuss the demand of those who will implement the salary increase of adhoc teachers.
It is worth mentioning that the film 9-Lad was released on 28th June, 2020 and on that day thousands of people flocked to Bijou and also at Galleria, Anjalee. part of going to see this long-awaited film.
“....
And it doesn't mean that all those who study arts stream lack knowledge and understanding.
The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Friday protested against the remarks of TMC MP Kalyan Banerjee against Vice President Jagdeep Dhankar in Parliament. The Vice President and Rahul Gandhi are still standing there.
Therefore, all the Deputy Commissioners under the Green Zones may allow people to move from one District to another, but the people should be only from the Green Zone Districts.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah George B Lyngdoh regarding the digitization of electricity supply to the residents of Umiam Block-5 There are 25 houses in the dorbar hall that have been electrified.
Of this amount, more than T.1.6 crore has been delivered since the lockdown.
The new office bearers are Narison Kshiar – President.
The film, written and directed by Sangma, is originally titled 'Rimdogittanga' which is 127 minutes long.
In the incident, the two sustained serious injuries.
What CoMSO wants is to get a law that will have three provisions, to allow people to come to the state under the provisions of the law, the permit to come to the state is not to exceed 179 days and the third is to arrest illegal immigrants.
Therefore, the Seng informs and invites all Members to attend the meeting.
The crowd even broke the door of the Community Hall.
India did not wait until it was in dire straits.
The celebration of Christmas has been very successful in Shillong.
The Prime Minister will leave for Varanasi on July 18, 2024 to launch the 17th phase of the PM KISAN scheme to farmers and distribute syrnot to more than 30,000 self-help groups like Krishi Sakhi.
RV Warjri, former Ambassador of India to the World was the chief guest along with N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Shillong and A Lakiang. , Deputy Secretary to the Governor, Raj Bhavan Shillong as the chief guest.
On the tourism sector, the Minister said that DoNER is setting up a Tourism Task Force to ensure the opening of all the opportunities in the region.
“According to the RTI we have received from the Municipal, many of the columns have been left blank and have not been told that they (342 households are working here), some have written Private Service, some have written Religious and Social. Worker.
The Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Shillong, in collaboration with the State Resource Center on Disability Affairs, Shillong, today announced that the celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities has been postponed to 4th, November.
“We have asked them to provide detailed information and they have not provided it at all and we have waited but we have received a letter that they don't want to continue the peace talks because of this.
The group will work together to demand the creation of Tripaland in Tripura, Garoland and Khasi-Jaintia states in Meghalaya and Gurkhaland in West Bengal.
Jowai, July 01: The office of NEEPCO KHEP Umrongso on Friday inaugurated the Football Ground of Iooksi Iapkhla Village.
The police have arrested him on the basis of evidence.
The Government shall act in accordance with the rules of law in the appointment of teachers.
The meeting was attended by leaders of the MPCC, MPYC and MPMC.
More than 140 officers from Central, State/UT Government departments and those from factories participated in the workshop.
The seizure of the money came after the Income Tax Department raided the office of Boudh Distillery Private Limited, located in Boudh District, Odisha, Jharkhand and West Bengal. 8 November, 2023.
Explaining why the government will oppose the CAB 2019, which has now become CAA, 2019, the Chief Minister said that before Meghalaya was affected by the CAB, the government opposed it and did not. was the law at the time.
More than 100 tree saplings were planted in this yard on this day.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 03: The counting of votes for the mid-term MDC election from the 26-Langrin Constituency to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was held today in Mawkyrwat. election.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chairman of the PDF, Bah PN Syiem, said that the PDF has also decided to convene the meeting on the first day of November. Bah Pynbiang Sing Syiem and Telenia Thangkhiew MDCs of the HSPDP will also be invited to the meeting. The meeting will be held at 10 pm on Monday. The meeting will be held at 10 pm on Monday.
In his speech, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, urged all the leaders to work together to build the future of the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
It is on this basis that the distance between the indigenous people of the North East and the Government of India in Delhi has increased.
Bah Bindo M Lanong has been elected as an MDC for seven times and during these seven times he has held the posts of CEM, Chairman, Leader of the Opposition and now he has been appointed as an MDC in KHADC. Shillong, July 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today launched a campaign to remove the name of the Central Agricultural University from Imphal. .
The Organizing Secretary of the Nongmynsong KSU Unit said that they found the Umphniang from a man who had bought it from the shop. this shop has 11 oil cans.
AMD also did not respond to Naei and Mano's permission.
“We are now waiting for the report to be submitted by the Additional Magistrate to the DC,” said Bah Roykupar.
He said that they have received information that there have been attempts to set fire to houses in RR Colony, Nongmynsong and other parts of Shillong. have to examine whether these events have anything to do with this protest.
As the people, they stand on the same ground to strongly oppose this project, and demand that the government should immediately end this project and stand on the same ground that they will not accept anymore. any explanation.
At this meeting, all the religious leaders said that after discussing with their brothers and sisters, they said that at present the opening of places of worship has not been completed and it is on this basis that They said that the government will take this decision to close down the places of worship in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Passah said that MeECL had invited applications in 2011 and after the protest of KHNAM, the result was released on the 1st of April this year. MeECL has not yet installed a weir.
Shillong, July 26: The annual meeting of the Governor's Office on this occasion was held in Shillong. in the presence of the Chief Minister and all government officials.
He said that this National Space Day will celebrate science, technology and innovation and will encourage us.
The four candidates are Sitting MP Vincent H. Pala of Shillong Seat, Robert June Kharjahrin of Shillong Seat, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon of VPP. and Prof. Lakhon Kma who is contesting as an Independent Candidate.
There are 09 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 17 in East Jaintia Hills, 656 in East Khasi Hills, 17 in North Garo Hills, 265 in Ri Bhoi District, 17 in South West Garo Hills. 26, South West Khasi Hills 7, West Garo Hills 90, West Jiantia Hills 53, West Khasi Hills 26.
Meanwhile, in Laban, due to the presence of a COVID-19 Positive case at Amjad Ali Road, Laban, those who have close contact with the case have been quarantined at the house of B Dkhar. such as a Micro Containment area.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Mawmluch Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) has urged the government to resolve the issues of the employees of MCCL. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, President of MCCL said that the employees of MCCL are like patients, they want to get medicine to cure them. him.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting persons from carrying more than T.50,000/- during this period. election.
The Government has to clarify these feelings of the Seng and the people of the State before allowing foreigners to come to work in the State.
There will be no accidents on this opening day.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Tens of thousands of Catholics from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District today took part in the last rites of Father Sylvanus Singi Lyngdoh. love the father of the day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today urged that the development works should be completed on time so that the certificate of completion can be issued. work to the authorities should not be sent.
Speaking to reporters, HM Shangpliang, Member of the Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment, said that they have summoned the Superintendent of Police of West Garo Hills District today to seek clarification on the delay in investigation and arrest. One of the three suspects involved in the rape of a child from Phulbari.
She said that it was at this time that he and three friends mixed alcohol in the umsoh and gave her a drink until she lost consciousness.
Nongpoh, November 30: The 1st Ri-Bhoi District Level Kickboxing Championship 2014 ended on 26th November 2014 at Umling Umsarang Village. .
The deadline for submission of applications is the 20th of this month.
The exemption for those who are eligible will be in accordance with the announcements that have already been made public.
Through this counselling, it will help those who want to come and study in these places in different lines.
It is necessary to reduce and eradicate the spread of drugs and alcohol, we need to encourage the cooperation of the communities," he said.
Regarding the influx of people to the DC office, there is a negative attitude and most of them are school children.
He said that he has a close relationship with the Assam Police to work together to maintain peace and order on the border and the Election Commission of India has scheduled a meeting between the two. states on 3/June 2024 to discuss peace and stability on the border.
To reach all areas, the NHA has launched the Ayushman App for the issuance of Ayushman Cards.
This spirit of social consciousness and service and participation in community affairs is still very much present in India.
Although the names of the ministers are still unknown, it is learned that the names of the MLAs who will be appointed as ministers may be Dr RC Laloo, Sngewbhalang Dhar, AL Hek and HDR Lyngdoh. , Rowell Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Clement Marak, Zenith Sangma, Deborah Ch Marak and there was a discussion whether Dr Celestine Lyngdoh or Julius Dorphang will be elected.
Police and magistrates from Sohra have rushed to the scene to find out the truth.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed one death today from West Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths to
When I went to pick up my friend at the hostel, about 3-4 people came to see me and walked away.
Major General Rajesh Kumar Jha, AVSM, Director (Personnel), NEEPCO, in his speech, explained about the difficult experiences in his life. and how he was able to overcome these and said that he is very grateful to Swami Vivekananda for this.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell on Tuesday inspected the buildings of BIET and Residential School in Byndihati village to find out for themselves before informing. to the relevant authorities of the Education Department of the State Government.
He recalled that Tirotsing used to fight against the British and now we are fighting to protect our nation by fighting for the ILP, to resolve the border, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule, to expel the Khar Metor from the market, the strengthening of the Sixth Schedule and the Dorbar Trai Ri and others.
Shillong, July 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Neil Nongkynrih, 51 years old founder of the Shilong Chamber Choir. it is a great loss.
PM being welcomed by the President of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan during his visit to Abu Dhabi, in United Arab Emirates (UAE) on February 13, 2024.
Before the meeting, the HYC members were stopped by the police because they did not get permission from the district authorities to hold the meeting.
In Switzerland, people vote on various laws almost every month.
On this occasion, the awards were distributed to the students who passed well by the Chief Guest, Bah Teibor Pathaw.
This information was given by the Syiem Khymah of the Hima when the Sanod was given in the evening.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, 86, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today passed away after a long illness. for him.
The Additional District Magistrate, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, while briefing on the search for information on the number of refugees since the beginning of June, said that in a meeting with the village authorities together with the police, arrangements have been made. go safely to the places they want to go.
The election of PM and CM by the High Command has ended because the election has turned into a turning point on the grounds that the people have forgotten to know the leader or candidate for PM or CM. The electoral reforms to the working methods of political parties so that they can prepare themselves for such presidential style contests.
Shillong, June 12: U Vice President of India, Venkaiah Naidu, will arrive in Shillong on April 16, 2018 and will land at the Upper Shillong Army Airport and from there he will proceed directly to IIM Shillong. in the New World.
Referring to the number of branches of these three banks in Meghalaya, he said that there are only 10 branches in the whole state.
In India, there are about 706 tribal communities and they account for 8.6% of the total population of the country.
Hundreds of people came to take part in the Mombati ceremony.
They carried their placards to express their opposition to the government's plan to relocate them from the area.
"The Government of India stands firm for the health and development of the indigenous peoples as a priority of the country, bearing in mind the traditional beliefs, rights, social values ​​and economy, ethnic groups.
Not only that, there are many gates which cannot be understood and even if paid, it is not possible.
He said that in Jiantia Hills it is the same, in Byrnihat it is the same as in Shallang because the managers are foreigners, but the villagers are like Local Directors. The inspection in Rywiang also shows that many of the companies are owned by foreigners.
The MJAC also demanded that the State Government should talk to the relevant authorities of the Central Government for the construction of a Land Custom Station (LCS) at Kuliang village, East Jaintia Hills District. smugglers to transport goods to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Two MDC candidates from Langkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency, Bah Jan Tynsong and Anthony Kongwang from Nongkshen constituency, have been campaigning for the election on Tuesday. , urged the people to congratulate the Congress Government for approving the opening of 20 more markets along the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border. It has been completed after many years of calling and will be a blessing to the people of the Ri War Mihngi border area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Bah Metbah Lyndoh Shnongknor of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, today at 11.00 am on the issue of no confidence in the government, has been raised by the opposition. Conrad K Sangma was not present.
The Pradhan Myntri Kisan Yojana will require farmers and traders to contribute together.
This will help the farmers to borrow up to 3 lakh tyngka.
The deadline for submission of Xerox Marksheet and Admin Card is 27/9/1
“It is surprising to find that on the bill light in one of the villages in East Jaintia Hills, T.100/- has been written in a pen. and the bill light, and with this the bill light payers, have to pay an additional T.100/- for their bill light besides what is not printed by the computer.
The two committees have discussed the disputed areas and agreed to hold a joint inspection with the Chief Ministers of the two states, Assam and Meghalaya, which will be held in the last month. of July.
"The celebration was attended by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDCs, members of the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee, teachers. of JJM Nichols Roy College, students of the College and others.
Shillong, Lber 29: U Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MLA) and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, today launched the flag to mark the Golden Jubilee of the Dorbar Shnong of Kynton-U-Mon.
Therefore, the CM is requested to take action to bring these issues before the Government of India so that it will listen and take action when preparing to attack by the laws of the high paid where it will have to lead the protests. The problems that may arise from this violation of the Government of India's laws affecting especially the Khasi.
Among the strongest approval agencies around the world, only the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) and the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) of the UK have granted This is the conditional market authorization for the Pfizer and AstraZeneca vaccines.
The Seng has also demanded that Sr.
The items recovered include three LCDs, a TV, five laptops, a leather jacket and a mobile phone.
Bah Shadap said that at the meeting, the union informed the Minister that Adhoc schools are also facing problems in terms of recruitment especially when teachers have retired and died due to the order to recruit. teachers who have passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) in Adhoc Schools.
In his speech, Bah SK Sun said that the government should recognize KAS and ALS to follow up on this issue in relation to the central government and the state government should pay. for this because there is a need for strong teams to follow.
His speech has the right to be condemned and as a member of the Jaitbynriew he should have thought about the future of his children.
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
Electricity supply, residential housing for the low-income, food security, nutritious food, clean drinking water and quality education.
The Lamphang of the Dorbar said that they have also discussed the issue of HIV positive people and it has been decided to distribute the food items to those households and those affected by HIV. There are 1574 people living with HIV and 202 children who are HIV positive and these are in need of food.
On this occasion, the annual meeting of the union was also held where more than 1300 members attended and took part in the discussion on the main activities of the union.
The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights today released the Almanac and Report on POCSO Cases in the Courts of Meghalaya.
“If they find out that they don't have anything, will the police come forward rather than promise to explain,” said the KSU leader. Listen, we have to come and ask for clarification from the authorities.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA, former teacher, one of the pioneers of the Seng Samla Shnong, in my opinion, I find him to be the best among these candidates. 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
KAS has arranged that the names of the participants will be taken, but all those who can watch and listen via Zoom Video will be welcomed at 11.00 pm. Dr. Ailynti Nongbri, HOD, Khasi Department, Shillong College.
The Silver Jubilee of the Seng Kynthei Mawiong was inaugurated on the 23rd of November 2017 and ended this year with the Nguh ka Dem Blei by Archbishop Dominic Jala as the chief guest. Rev. Marius Thongni, Parish Priest of St. Joseph Mawkhar, Rev. Paul Orphindro Lyngkot, Provincial Salesian and others.
New Delhi, July 27: The Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI) today approved the market authorization of two COVID-19 vaccines, Covaxin and Covishield. in the ability to perform certain tasks.
To ensure that only those who have received a pass from the Khasi Seng Kmie can enter the venue, the gates have been guarded by guards to ensure that there will be no crowd at the venue. The magistrates also had to attend.
At present, there are 25 types of projects in Meghalaya which have started to be implemented through KVIC, will continue to develop the farmers in the state. it’s finding people who really know the business.
The reply said, “We don't have contractual employees in the Meghalaya Lokayukta”.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Delhi Unit on Thursday honored Kong Sibbi Passah on receiving the Padma Shri from the President of India.
The meeting also discussed how to assist the COVID-19 Committees and the decision taken at the meeting was not sent to the Chief Minister so that the government can understand the problems faced by the people. meet.
In this regard, the KSU urges the relevant authorities to take action and ensure that the youth of the state can write the examination in their own state.
Assam Regiment Football Club beat Sawmer Football Club 3-2 in the first leg of the tournament.
Hundreds of people from all over the Khasi Hills have signed on the banner placed at the site. The Sambhoi youths signed as approval for this demand.
The initiative to recognize many MD courses has been successful one after another and this year two departments, Radio-diagnosis and Pathology, have received recognition from the MCI. The efforts to get recognition for MD program in other departments are ongoing and the management of this hospital will not rest until it gets recognition by MCI. There are also departments which are on the verge of starting MD/MS programs in the coming days – ENT Department, Forensic Medicine Department and Dermatology Department.
State Level Coordination Committees (SLCCs) and District Level Coordination Committees have been appointed to include many departments.
The Trading and Business Permit for Non Indigenous People will prohibit the illegal trade of Mynder including other tribals who are not indigenous people of the State in Bri Hynniewtrep.
Those who attended the ceremony were the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Dr. RC Laloo, Home Minister, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Zenith Sangma, MLA. Chief Secretary KS Kropha, IAS and other government officials were also present.
Speaking on the government's desire to encourage the fish farming industry in the state, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that the government has spoken to many experts on how to preserve and The Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE) has already trained up to 7,000 people to do fish farming.
Indeed, at the time of the drafting of the Constitution, there were also dark paths that the founders had to go through and were able to give the citizens of India freedom, equality. bad right.
Yoga promotes closeness in the family as children, teenagers and the elderly practice Yoga together at home and there is closeness between them.
The felling of trees has started from Pomlum Sawdew and has now reached the road to Mawklot. cars.
He praised the Meghalaya government for its efforts in raising funds for development projects in the state.
Court of LK Kharshiing, Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong.
The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 of the CrPC prohibiting the smuggling of meat without any cover, cover or cover by the sellers who sell meat within the district. district.
poi whatever whatever spirit.
The Minister also promised in front of the party that this month he will expect it to arrive and the government will be able to release it to all the youth who need it.
The Chief Minister, after receiving this information from the BJP, has removed Alexander from the post of Minister and appointed Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong. South as a minister in the government.
The language, the food, the rule of the Village, Raid and Hima or Elaka are different from place to place. Do you understand the IOA & AA to bring a resolution in the Assembly? The H.I.TO will hold meetings to clarify this issue which is one of the objectives and objectives of the party.
The BJP joining of these two MLAs from Jaintia Hills will be an encouragement to the BJP in the 2018 MLA elections in the state.
There are 18 recoveries today, 2 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills and 3 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 92,052 cases.
To date, JETS 24×7, which has a permit, is the first Aggregator in Meghalaya to serve the public through Bike Taxis.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the government expects the total revenue to reach T.21,781 crore, of which the revenue will be T.19,414 crore from the Revenue. Receipt, from the Capital Receipt will be T.2,366 crore, excluding the debt of T.2,339 crore, thus the estimated revenue will be T.19,442 crore.
This decision was taken by the Ministry to coordinate their efforts with the Central Government in the preparation for the outbreak which has led to a three month curfew to encourage social distancing. from one among the people.
We want the State Government to ask the Central Government to establish Village Councils instead of Village Development Councils.
It is understood that the two Independents, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and Bah Teibor Pthaw, will also support the MDA. The meeting will be held tomorrow morning, but there has been talk that the NPP will lead the EC in JHADC and the UDP in KHADC. , HSPDP, PDF at the residence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr Donkupar Roy who is also the President of the UDP to discuss the issue of formation of the EC. Shillong: He said that the decline of the Congress in JHADC is due to the departure of party leaders since the last MLA elections and in the MDC elections as well.
This will help them to grow.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, DP Singh (ITS) Chief General Manager Telecom, said that the opening of the office will help to provide convenience to the people.
The total number of recoveries is
During these years he took part in many battles to defend the country such as the Brigade at Siachen Glacier, the Infantry Division on the line. He graduated from the Defense Services Staff College in Wellington. and National Defense College in New Delhi, during these years he also served as Assistant Military Secretary of the Army Training Centre, Principal Director Administration in Strategic Forces Command, Deputy Military Secretary at Army Headquarters and Major General General Staff at the Southern Command Headquarters and many other positions.
Shangpliang said the committee has directed the police to provide protection to the victim and the family members of the victim under the Integrated Child Protected Scheme. The SP has been directed to cooperate with the Social Welfare Department to provide assistance to the child.
On this occasion, Bah HS Diengdoh, SDO Ranikor Civil Sub Division was the chief guest in the presence of Bah RR Lyngkhoi, Village Minister, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, Bah Walton CD Toi President, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Principal of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat and other dignitaries.
When police suspected the movement of Nobin D Sangma of Tikrikilla Nidanpur, police took him for questioning. The petrol pump was robbed by an unnamed person.
“We have spoken to the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare to take action against the CHC Sohiong by directing the staff not to show sympathy or resentment towards the patients. or people who come for treatment at this CHC,” he added.
Kitbok said the party is not against the relocation of the Petrol Pump but will oppose the allocation of land in Upper Shillong as the party feels that the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department still needs to be built. to the offices of the organization to promote the agriculture industry.
Debate- Saidnia in which the Members of the Legislative Assembly took part in a debate and discussion on social issues in the state.
DMs and SPs should be responsible for the implementation of these directives issued under the DM Act.
Rev Thomas Menamparambil, Archbishop Emeritus of Guwahati said that in democracy it is the duty of every citizen to take responsibility to maintain peace.
The Prime Minister assured that although we are watching teams from different countries playing in the football Worldcup in Qatar.
He urged the athletes who will take part in the National Games to enjoy the celebration of Navratri in the state. also the celebration of Garba.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has appealed to the people of Meghalaya not to be afraid and if they follow these rules, the disease will not be able to enter the country. state of Meghalaya.
In four games in the I League.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, Bah R. Rapthap in his reply to the Right to Information (RTI) Act, TUR Leader Angela Rangad and CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing.
In this meeting, the Registrar said that they will try to release the results of the students today as the answers of the students have been sent by some colleges on Friday night.
Each state has its own uniqueness and opportunities for tourism development.
Out of the 15 people who tested positive for COVID-19, 3 of them were diagnosed with headache and when tested positive, they were found positive. If you have tested positive for COVID-19, this is for those who have shortness of breath.
Regarding this incident, he said that he has already lodged a complaint with the KHADC and the KHADC has not yet done anything to resolve the issue. regarding this incident inside the village.
“I am still planning to speak in the second dorbar, but in the current situation, I have to express this because he has planned to give a Civil Sub Division to Ranikor. Mawlai,” said Bah Sawkmie and added, “It is for this reason that I came to meet the CM to discuss whether to give Mawlai.
The Minister said that everyone knows how technology has helped a lot to implement what they have to do this 'Integrated and Control Centre' illegal poaching, illegal timber trade and how to prevent forest fires.
It is on these grounds that Pa,im Freeman Singh Syiem has been re-appointed as the full Syiem of the Hima. Shillong, Lber 05: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is facing a shortage of doctors by 50%. nothing so far and to fill this gap will take many years.
Speaking to reporters, he said that from the sampling which started on the 16th of this month, it has been clear that many people have contracted the disease.
Furthermore, the union demands that the two kurs should stop this proposal to give land to the army. Therefore, we have to go to the people and take strong decisions.
Those who deposit the property of the insurgents will be punished according to the law and the money of those who deposit it in the bank will be confiscated along with their property.
If the words spoken by any member are insulting, indecent or contrary to the sanctity of the Legislative Assembly, the Legislative Assembly may decide not to report such words. disgrace the assembly.
Shillong, November 15: BJYM Meghalaya Unit State President Egenstar Kurkalang on Tuesday said that what has appeared in the media today is the statement of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma against the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi of India is unfounded.
In his speech, V. Srinivas said that there is a readiness to create one portal for one country where all the information is available in one place and there is a readiness to operate offices without the use of paperwork. .
There are people who are against this law and they don't have any nationalism anymore,” he said.
The total number of cases by district is 394 in East Khasi Hills District, 287 in BSF, 19 in other armed forces and 88 in civilians.
The entrance test for all the winners will be held on the 28th of this month at Army Public School.
At this meeting, the NEFIP Charter was adopted and its full office bearers were elected.
Bindas Syiem said that she will continue to protest in front of the Secretariat every day until the Government announces the construction of this road.
During the information programme, a health screening was also conducted where BP test, TB screening, and other services under the smart card were done free of charge.
Regarding the demand for Khasi State, the HSPDP will work with the GSMC from Garo Hills to demand their own Garo State. The Central Government to demand the State to sign.
He said that the people of Meghalaya are people who want peace and stability but this border dispute has affected the peace and stability in the state and has also disrupted the peace and stability.
Therefore, the JYF urges the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to take action by sending accurate letters to the addresses of the candidates who have already submitted their forms to the JYF. the office of the Chairman of the District Selection Committee (DSC).
The Chief Minister said that during the curfew all government officers will be closed and on the 26th only 30% of the government employees will arrive at their workplaces.
There are 300,000 GDS employees in India, 8,000 in North East India and 600 in Meghalaya.
As usual, the celebration was opened by the flag raising ceremony by Rgh B Rumnong President, Seng Khasi (Kmie) followed by the thanksgiving ceremony by Rgh Hambok Kharmawphlang. Rgh Arwan S Tariang, General Secretary, gave a welcome speech by the children of the Khasi Children's Association.
This is due to changes in diet, especially the consumption of sweets.
Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Chief Adviser of the Mawlai Sports Association, has expressed his appreciation to the Mawlai Sports Association for its support. They didn't come by themselves, but they were able to work hard to bring glory to Meghalaya, East Khasi Hills District and especially to Mawlai.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended a meeting with the Village Leaders to discuss how to prepare for the cleaning of garbage and to beautify the city. Shillong.
He said that this meeting of the supporters was a show of love for the party candidate.
If this insurgent camp gets a place, there will be many things like theft, drug trafficking and other threats, and also if they get to take over these districts, it is sad. .
Secretary and other office bearers of the party.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, said that the initiative has been taken by the SELD Committee. to conduct such trainings in a spirit of responsibility and vision to shape the future of the youth by adding that as the present heritage.
Ladakh is 700 km from Jammu Tawi Railway Station, 434 km from Srinagar Railway Station and 494 km from Manali Railway Station.
Referring to the peace and order situation, the Governor said that the state as a whole is in peace except in some parts of the border between Meghalaya and Assam. The incident also could not be stopped.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that what the government will do now is to appoint staff to those PHCs and CHCs which have already been opened, as there are still many CHCs and PHCs which have already been opened. There are no employees whom the government will provide.
The prize money will be up to T.80,000/- thousand tyngka for all the Miss and Mrs. Contests. Laitlum has now become known all over India and the world as well where people from all over the world have come to visit this place.
In this meeting, the KSU urged the CEM of KHADC to do the work as soon as possible for the repair of this road as promised and the KHADC will pay Tk. .25 crore for the repair of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
Regarding the banks, it has been arranged that the operation will be from 10.00 am to 2.00 pm, due to the shortage of staff in the banks, the operation of the banks will be only to deposit and withdraw money. , ATM, issuance of Cheques and administration of government financial services.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Jest Khyriemmujat, Rangbah Shnong of Nongmadan, said that the meeting of the committee was convened by the Syiem as he is a resident of Smit.
HK Lohia, IPS, IG BSF (HR), Eastern Command, Kolkata also accompanied the delegation.
In a meeting with the District Police Chief, he told the JYF leaders that after the video of a youth being shot dead by a group of people from Khliehriat, the police have registered a case against them. those involved.
The government should also take these seriously injured youths to adequate hospitals and arrest and punish the perpetrators immediately.
There are 483 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 110 in East Khasi Hills and 98 in Ri Bhoi District. The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 52,4 .
The Model Code will come into force in three parts, one for the photography of government buildings. The District Election Officers will ensure that it should be removed within 24 hours of the announcement of the election.
According to the residents of the village, Bah Laitphar Syngkmren said that according to the stories of the elders, the flood of the Umngot River has affected the village after 35 years.
The UDP in Jaintia Hills has vowed to take legal action against the Chief Executive Member of JHADC for allegedly misusing public funds of Rs 1.18 crore. The Joint Secretary of the Party, G. Lamare, said that the CEM of JHADC has withdrawn the money in the name of the people for his own benefit. The party, together with the party leaders in the state, has decided to lodge a complaint in the High Court against the misuse of public funds in the council.
There are 19 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 11 from West Jaintia Hills and 5 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of recoveries has risen to 81,9
It has increased from T 300 per GB to T 10 per GB. He said that this is due to the measures taken by the Government.
After the news came out, he said that the documents were done by the companies and the Local Director is the owner of the village. It will be true because until now there has been no need to do benami with anyone and no one can build those factories on my own.
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) in a statement strongly condemns the unlimited search by the police against its members from Shillong and Ri-Bhoi districts.
The Election Commission has also prepared security personnel to ensure that there will be no incident.
The DC announced that the NFSA 2013 has been released for the households under the PHH and Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) for the month of July. while for public rice, it has been released for the months of June, June and July.
Applicants must have completed a graduate and have five years of experience in accounts and a diploma in steno.
According to the information gathered by the Seng, it found that for the post of Record Clerk, about 15 questions are in Hindi and this is a disadvantage to the Khasi youth who have prepared and written the examination. the examination for this post.
With that spirit what can't be done, everything that can be done," he said.
Police have registered a case against the suspect at Laitumkhrah Police Station and handed him over to the Crime Branch Police Station, Shillong. CBPS) and the investigation is ongoing.
Referring to the UDP's position, the Prime Minister said that this is their feeling and it is their right to express it. express your feelings about what you have to say.
Both the speakers emphasized that one of the parts is to hold fast to our own culture in the religion and customs inherited from our ancestors.
“Whatever happens to our Khasi, they (the police) want peace and order and if we are wrong, they ignore us while they don't look at the behavior of other ethnic groups,” he added.
The meeting was concluded by handing over the land to the Dorbar Shnong Umrynjah.
Police in East Jaintia Hills have so far arrested 24 Nigerians who have illegally entered India.
The Minister has directed the District Administration to be vigilant to assist the people affected by this natural disaster. careful.
Shillong, July 30: The annual Behdienkhlaw festival in Jowai district has started today and will end on the 3rd of this month with the offering of Rot at Aitnar. they will come to deliver the Rots in this place.
“I feel that the country will now grow rapidly in all aspects and in peace for all Indians to grow in all development fields,” said the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan.
Prof. PS Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, said that under the tenure of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, many students have been invited to Japan. It will take time to attract foreign investment to the region.
Shillong, November 05: U Bah Havid Hamar Marwein, Rangbah Shnong of Upper New Nongstoin, Shillong, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that a mother has confessed to have broken her newborn child. You are located in Old Nongstoin.
The total number of cases has risen to 93,830 from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi District and 1 from East Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases has risen to 93,830, recovered to 92,2
Parekh's father wanted Parekh to become a lawyer like his brother.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The teachers of St. Edmund College today staged an indefinite protest against the dismissal of one of the teachers. college he has been teaching for seven years.
The Union also announced the golden and silver words of Bah Barkos Warjri, IAS and Additional Chief Secretary Meghalaya who urged the youth to work hard in all aspects if they want to reach the goal of victory in He said that he too passed the IAS examination at the age of 22 years.
These technological solutions aim to solve problems and answer questions that people have.
Meghalaya is now on the railway map of India, after the opening of the Dudhnoi-Mendipathar Railway Line in Garo Hills.
At the same time, the BSF has seized 12,000 kilos of sugarcane from the warehouse to be sent to Bangladesh. It is not possible to confirm the storage of sugarcane in this area in Garo Hills.
The time has come for the government to take action to bring about a clear change so that these crimes will not happen again.
The IT Department has confirmed that there are still about 1640 villages in Meghalaya which have not yet received mobile phones. it's Mobile.
The PMGSY-II was launched in 2013, with the aim of upgrading 50,000 km of existing roads in rural areas.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has ordered that those who violate these rules will be punished according to the rules of the law.
This will affect especially the Khasi people who have their own customs, traditions, land inheritance, way of working, marriage and will also affect the freedom of religion.
Due to the uncertainty of the situation during the COVID-19 pandemic and based on the suggestions received from those involved, it has been decided not to hold the Class XII examinations this year.
It is worth mentioning that the security of the border within Meghalaya is one of the most difficult states after many incidents in the region.
According to the information from the districts, although many people have been affected by the cyclone, there has been no report of any tragic incident.
Spiton said that other ethnic groups have their own almanac like Assamese, Nepali and others. He urged to continue to improve it.
The AJYWO has said in its petition to the Prime Minister that due to the unemployment of the residents of Jaintia Hills especially East Jaintia Hills District due to the NGT ban on coal mining and trade. , this has become a major challenge for the area where the time is now approaching when the residents of the area, to meet their income and also the urgent needs of the household as during the They will commit many kinds of crimes that will affect the peace and order in the area.
He said that they have conducted trainings on how to set up their own businesses especially to set up houses in order to increase their income to avoid being exploited.
Lanong said that Garo Hills was previously under the ILP, but the area was exempt after the amendment of the Act in
Although the Legislative Assembly has passed the bill since 2014, the state government has found it difficult to get a person to sit on the bench. The State Government has become a full law.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS Superintendent of Police (City) today issued a strong warning that anyone found buying stolen goods will be imprisoned for three years.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 16: Bansara Eye Care today inaugurated the Vision Center Based Community Eye Health Project of Bansara Eye Care. Superintendent of Police, Bah HG Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
According to Bah Khotkupar Lyngdoh Nongum, in a meeting with the media a few hours after he lodged a complaint from the Superintendent of Police, Riangmang. He said that the illness of those people who eat the meat he sells has been since 28th June 2024 and after the illness they went to Mairang to get medicine and the doctors said that the illness is but these people after that went to get medicine from the pharmacist.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has warned Gopal Deu and his committee not to accuse KSU members of being involved in the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati. .
“Besides, the farmers have to work hard all year round, the traders should not increase the price as it causes a huge loss.
He said this is a big step to leave Delhi to go to the East, and this is called the “Act East Policy.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Junel said that he understands that the reason for the youth to join the insurgency is the lack of jobs. The village has encouraged the youth to join the army.
Doctors from the BSF and Civil Hospitals Ampati and Tura examined the patients and distributed the medicines to the residents. .
The Earle Sanatorium Trust has donated land for the construction of this road.
During the inspection, the Syiem of the raid promised in front of the KHADC officer and the civil society that the pata given to Ratna Thapa Gogoi will be canceled immediately.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Answering an unstarred question by Zenith M Sangma, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that all the vacancies in the police department across the state. there were 823 of them.
After the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing also met with Bah L Sumer, MDC, CEM, Richard Lyngdoh, Executive Member, I/C Elaka etc., JHADC to congratulate them on their initiative. In this regard, the CEM of JHADC said that in fact they are still waiting for the allocation of funds from the 13th Finance Commission. The establishment of a separate office building for the Dolloi along with Courts for them was set aside.
The Secretary of the village said that the incident in the village has started since 2017 and it was only in 2019 that the Hima Mylliem has sought a report from the Syiem Riad Mawbuh regarding the activities of the village. Umiam village where the Syeim Raid sent to the Hima on 4/11/2
The Director said that one person has recovered from Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries so far to
AUTO RICKSHAW, 2.
The first session was held in the presence of Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of Children (Independent Charge), Law and Justice, Justice Hrishikesh Roy Judge, Supreme Court of India and Justice Biswanath Somadder Chief Justice. High Court of Sikkim.
The Dorbar U Syiem Khyrim, to urge, request and inform you the leaders of the Seng Bhalang that the preparations for the Shad Pomblang, Hima Khyrim, have started for more than three months. The Dorbar Shnong and Dorbar Raid have been conducting the Shad Pomblang Hima Khyrim from 9th November 2013 to 16th November
Speaking to media, the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Permanent Secretary of MSCTE has been appointed on the basis that Polytechnic Schools have been established in the districts, including MSCTE. Shillong, Tura and Jowai and four others to be built.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma, in reply to the question on the lack of peace and order in the state, was raised by Bah HM Shangpliang in the Special Session today. “I don't see any need to send a CBI inquiry into the incident in Sohshrieh,” he said.
On the other hand , the Minister of Road Construction , said that this road will make it easier for the people who come to work to government offices where they don't have to enter Mawlai NEHU and reach other parts of Shillong.
"We have discussed what we should do and the means to identify those responsible and we will report," he said.
These leaders of the civil society organizations feel that what the synkhong rympei ri is doing is right and as NGOs they will support them.
Shri.Golden Marbaniang, Shri.Zoziama Thanglai, Shri.Willbert Nongtdu, Shri.Lingyes Dkhar, Shri.Langmon Bareh, Shri.Kedius Rymbai, Shri.Mit Dkhar, Shri.Satly Ryngkhlem, Shri.Tai.Namphri,Wombo Shillong, November 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that many issues have been discussed at the Cabinet meeting which has been agreed to be implemented. the matters on which the decision was made.
New Delhi, Nailur 01: Indian astronomers have discovered one of the most distant galaxies on Earth, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs said today. DoNER, PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh.
In a statement, the leaders of the party alleged that the present government has not been able to provide proper accommodation for its members and this has caused suspicion despite many times. do not send a letter to the government.
The KHADC urgently needs a change in the way it serves the people and it is urgent to bring about administrative reform in the KHADC. mat not mentioned in paragraph 1 (a) (b) above.
This request is made to avoid traffic jam and also to make it easier for the people to travel.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Members of the KSU Barato Unit led by Bah Nujorki Sungoh MLA today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to demand that the government to set up a Police Outpost in Barato.
For the purpose of holding this meeting, the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government were followed.
In the inspection of 27 food shops, it was found that many of these shops do not have a license from the FSSAI to open and sell food items. The shops have been found to be so bad that the Seng has to close down these shops until they cannot be cleaned according to the rules laid down by the FSSAI. Appayani Tea Stall in Laban, Babua Tea Stall in Lumshatsngi, Dada Tea Stall in Red Cross and Ruma Das Tea Stall in Laststop.
The Chief Minister said that Bah Pyngrope is a retired government official, there are other names but Bah Pyngrope was elected.
The Block Development Officer of Pynursla has been directed to look into this along with the Medical Officer and the police to inform the public. Shillong, March 14: The HANM Central Body today appealed to the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the provisions of the IPC. The appointment of new office bearers in the place of Bah Louis Dohtdong, who holds the post of Assistant General Secretary and Chairman of the Employment Cell of the Seng.
He said that the state government has now received the necessary documents to clarify the issues related to the land owned by the Meghalaya government.
These civil society organizations from Garo Hills, have demanded that the government should provide them with training in any job according to their education and skills so that in the future they will be able to do it. They will be able to stand on their own feet to support their families and themselves.
The union said that the government should punish them according to the law.
He said that the neurosurgeons, pilots, engineers, football players, musicians – the dreams and hopes of the leaders of the country who will come from this school in Ri Bhoi district of Meghalaya will strengthen the faith that India will become a country rich in education.
He spoke of the determination not to destroy the confidence of the people of the country.
In fact, the BJP in Meghalaya should have been stronger than its departments but because of the failures of its former leaders, it has happened to this extent.
On this occasion, the KSU has visited and urged all the contractors or owners of houses to please employ the villagers in these difficult times and the state is fighting against the coronavirus or Covid-1
The decision has been made that you can no longer do as you used to do.
The total number of recoveries today is 142, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 123 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills. Hills 2, the total number of recoveries so far has risen to
On this occasion, certificates were also distributed to the farmers who have improved in the field of agriculture.
As the Union we strongly condemn the brutality of the Assam Police and the Forest Department of Assam who have taken the law into their own hands and misused the powers entrusted to them.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Laskein Block Circle has demanded that the BDO of Laskein Block Circle should immediately implement personal bank accounts to pay salaries to unemployed workers. The MGNREGA scheme does not cover the entire Laskein Block Area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, said that the SDO of Ranikor Civil Sub Division will visit the area tomorrow morning together with the police.
Police have recovered 127.77 grams of heroin worth T.12,77,700/- from the residence of Shokhomang. to seize 385 golden tins used to smuggle drugs.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) said that the ANVC should stop these actions so that there will be no bloodshed.
The Department is also considering the proposal of the Arunachal Government for five oxygen vehicles at a cost of Rs 5 crore.
Furthermore, the Police have warned that they will continue to conduct searches on motorcycles and wheelchairs from time to time due to complaints from the public that there are many two wheelers which are slow to drive and which are slow to turn. road between the road and from the outskirts and this has endangered the lives of pedestrians.
The reduced price APM Gas for the distribution of gas to the villages has been increased although this has brought about the need to reduce the consumption of gas by our PSUs.
Others who attended the program included NEC Planning Advisor Calvin Harris Kharshiing, Brigadier AS Kanwar and DC Sham Mahrotra.
These choir singers are in Mumbai at this time, but could not be with them at the time of burning the candles for the last service on the 26th. Vikash who passed away at the age of 34 years old, may God be with his soul and may he rest in peace.
Jowai, November 28: The Jowai Students Union (JSU) together with environmentalists today held a cleanliness drive around the skud around Syntuksiar where there was a memorial to the sword of the sword. In Jaintia Hills.
This happened on Sunday morning at about 1.20 pm when unidentified robbers detonated a petrol bomb at the parking lot of an Auto Truck and a JCB in the yard. Lovercuf Nongshli has been arrested at Umsning Police Outpost, Ri Bhoi District.
The day started with the registration of all the children who came to the program in their respective ages, followed by the weight test, height test and other tests. , as well as running, skiing, back throw, football, boxing and athletics.
He said that before touching the border, the jaitbynriew should be consulted and it should not be just a matter of time before the two chief ministers of the state.
Regarding the management of this land, the KHADC will complete the construction first and once the construction is completed, they will think about how to treat this land, but it is clear that the KHADC will not manage this land. The State Government has a tourist attraction.
In a statement, Union Road Construction Minister Nitin Gadkari said that the cost of construction of the road from Shillong to Dawki is T.1606.52 crore. The road from Paikan to Tura will be 4-lane.
For example, Bombay is divided into (1) Maharashtra State into Marathi (ii) Gujarat State into Gujarati (iii) Tamil Nadu State into Tamil (iv) Punjab State into Punjabi (v) Assam State into Marathi. (vi) Manipur State for Manipuri (vii) Tripura for Tripuri and so on.
KHNAM has taken this decision to protest against the government's decision not to implement the ILP in the state.
He said that the competition promotes and showcases the beauty of Meghalaya and this will encourage the photographers. On this occasion, the Director of Information and Broadcasting, Bah BS Sohliya and the President of A. Paul of Rotary Club Shillong also spoke.
Referring to Shillong, which is located in the middle of the Hima Mylliem, we support the statement of Dr Jemino Mawthoh recently that Shillong is in danger of collapse if the State Government and KHADC do not do anything. .
MEMRIWU today launched another strike in support of other civil society organizations to demand that the government should listen to what the GVK workers have demanded. two years.
This B Natural’s juice will appeal to consumers who drink it especially the brews are now more health conscious.
The book contains 21 chapters in different parts of the book and the author of the book, Thrumen, said that this is the first book he has written.
He said that the Government has taken steps to encourage them to move forward.
The villagers helped to take the injured to the Holy Cross Health Center at Umsaw Khwan, but Kong Arbina died due to severe head injuries.
It may be recalled that after a complaint against the illegal mining in Nongtalang area, the DC issued Order 144 to stop the mining and allowed the miners to start mining; After receiving a promise from the leaders of the party to refrain from drinking water.
Shillong, Lber 05: The swearing-in ceremony of 59 newly elected MLAs for the 2023 elections will be held tomorrow in the Legislative Assembly. Speaker Timothy D Shira.
The application age will be between 18 and 21 years and has been increased to 27 years, for ERTS has been increased to 33 years, for Civil Defense and Home Guard has been increased to 32 years, under the Forest Department it has been increased to 27 years.
In a statement sent by Bah Starwin Kharjana, he said that the party will give the government until 30/10/2018 to release their food allowance. by protesting to force the government to pay their salaries.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, said that the Chief Guest was invited to witness the demonstration of the skills of the Indian Army, such as the Sukhoi- 30 MKIs, Rafales, Chetaks and Cheetahs in the presence of the Chief Minister.
This inspection was conducted after hearing the complaints of the residents of the area who used to come for medicine and who used to sleep inside the CHC regarding the spread of garbage inside the compound. I am afraid that instead of healing the patients and the patients, it will worsen the situation.
At present, this is the time for the admission of students to various institutions and at this time various colleges from different states come to this city to admit students.
Accepting this proposal of the government, the union requests the state government to transfer them from UP to LP by paying them according to the deficit pattern. The Chairman of the 4Teachers Association, Bah Hababut Marbaniang, told reporters that the SSA schools in the state have been closed to the CRC. There are 1521 Fourth Teachers. This problem is due to the action of the government at the time of appointment of them initially because it is from the state plan.
At around 11:00 pm, heavy rain fell in Mawnai area and neighboring villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Another requirement for entry into Meghalaya is that you must have a 72-hour COVID-19 test, if you are not tested at the time of entry into Meghalaya. , this will be done to prevent this disease.
In Ri Bhoi, it was distributed to Umbi Mathan and Umdihar.
The government has also decorated its houses by decorating its houses with lights in different colors and especially the Khyndai Lad which is the center of Shillong. The crowd, both old and young, came to see the beauty.
Reniktone L Tongkhar was sworn in as Minister in the name of God and Dasakhiat said he was not sworn in as Minister.
Babu Singh said this victory was special and congratulated everyone.
Regarding the Governor's speech, it may be his personal statement, but here it is the responsibility of the Governor, not like Tathagata Roy.
