He began his education at Singaram Pillai High School, Villivakkam, Chennai and completed his B.A (Economics) from DG Vaishnav College, Arumbakkam in 1979-8
He said, “Don't rest until you reach your goal,” he said. “As it is now, many young people are going astray in life and are involved in crime, robbery, theft and drug trafficking. There is no one to open the way for them to get jobs and to support their goals in their lives and the government does not provide support and open the way and does not implement the schemes properly. for the Young.
However, it was learned that the next morning, a large crowd of people arrived at Komila and blocked the road to Karakoram and shouted condolences to the Chinese but it was after the police. But when they had vowed to arrest him, they let him go.
After resigning as President of the HYC, he joined the UDP party and applied for a ticket to contest the Lok Sabha MP from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
The statement said that a complaint has been lodged at Lumdiengjri Police Station against the same person. to pay 10 lakh tyngka and those who have completed matriculation will have to pay 50 thousand tyngka.
Shullai said that the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills have elected Vincent H Pala.
Participants will have to strictly follow the government's guidelines, wear face masks, hand sanitizer, social distancing and all government rules, SOPs and others. to prevent the spread of this disease and to prevent it from recurring in the future.
“PMUY is a scheme for women living below the poverty line.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The residents of Nongsder village in a meeting held today demanded the release of four Rangbah Dong who have been accused of being VDPs of the village. Emnuel Marak was shot dead.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Sanbor said that the people have been eager to get this road and with the generosity of the land owners to donate the land, this eagerness has been achieved.
First, the cost of the device, second, digital connectivity, third, the cost of data, fourth, and more importantly, the 'digital first' initiative.
As the Khasi and Garo people have been demanding this for many decades, the demand is from the civil society, the Khasi Author Society and others. The MDA has agreed in the House to demand from the Central Government and this remains with the Central Government.
Referring to the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, Pala confirmed that the Chief Minister has applied for tickets from two constituencies, Ampati and Songsak. Besides the Prime Minister, there are two others.
Dr Ronald P Kharshiing, Lecturer at the College and Chairman of the Khasi Authors' Society, introduced Bah Raphael Warjri as Lamkynto Durim.
This statement was issued by the Social and Cultural Secretary of JSM (CB) Samla P Lypon.
Regarding the construction of the KSU Umrynjah Unit, Samla Donald u la ong praised the KSU Umrynjah Unit for the construction of the KSU Umrynjah Unit. Your struggle to escape the spread of violence.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Harish Choudhury, in charge of wildlife in the state, said that so far there have been no reports of wildlife being destroyed, but there are some. so many were lost.
“If anyone writes in Garo, the people who speak Khasi and English will not be able to understand or comment and we will face difficulties even in the administration of khadar.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang said, “For many years, Kong Silbi has attracted the attention of the people with her traditional songs.
The reason for the protest of the residents from the seven villages is that if the government continues to give permission to Star Cement to occupy 42.051 hectares of land, the Wah Lukha will remain the same. waste disposal of the crude oil industries located in the area.
The MDA government today sent the MLA of the area, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun to visit the area and submit a report to him today on the incident.
After the meeting, Anyodhatra Sahitya Sansad together with Alokkito Protidin Anyodhara invited these two poets from Meghalaya to attend the Prof. Streamlet Dkhar was awarded the Honorary Crest on 16/3/18 at the Engineering Institute, Dhaka. snah sha you thoh you tar.
Among the participants who received prizes were Tanushree DebBarma from H.Elias School, the best group went to Christian Academy School, the second and fourth places went to St. Edmund's School and Anderson School, Nongstoin.
Shillong, March 30: The Meghalaya Right to Public Service Bill, 2020 will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly in November. .
In this speech, he also reminded that the Jaitbynriew has been fighting since the time of Syiem Tirot and Woh Kiang Nangbah. win.
It was also proposed and requested that the Unions of Rangbah Shnongs and Nongsynshar Shnongs across the city and outskirts of the city should hold a special meeting to express their condolences on the incident at Mukroh.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 26: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today attended the celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Constitution of India. Speaker of Parliament inside the Central Hall.
These various suggestions will pave the way for the implementation of the NEP 2020 without any delay.
This has helped to account for the financial burden of the families of TB patients who have received support by providing food items to the patients.
Furthermore, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, in concluding his admonition to the new priests, urged these eight deacons to have a spirit of faithfulness to follow the works of Christ according to their teachings.
On the other hand, the four organizations strongly condemn the officers who have brought in such a way of production. In a meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, it was equal and he promised to take action to produce again. One announcement so that the education of the students of the state should not be delayed should be as it is.
This was stated by Dr John Dayal in a statement sent today.
–: means the work assigned to those who work to gather information for journalism.
All vehicles carrying more than 15 mt have been directed to pass through the Shillong Bye Pass from Mawryngkeng to prevent further damage to the bridge.
The NGT has directed the new committee to give a detailed report and explain the nature of the coal.
This is a statement by Samla Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
And the work will be quick to do if there are any problems in this line.
Furthermore, Bah Warbah said that in these areas there are also children who graze cows and if they get to drink paid bilor it will put them in danger. these things should not be thrown away.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that one person has been tested positive for Covid-19 in Tura.
All requirements are free of charge.
Shillong, July 29: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, has called for the Budget Session for the year 2024-2 it will start on 16th June
Bah Rocky Hek, one of the volunteers, was also present at the donation. The donation was donated by the Rangbah Shnong.
Similarly, issues have arisen on the border with Assam and he said that the Hima Khasi States are strongly opposed to the Indo-Bangla Agreement.
He was addressing a group of 13 journalists from Maharashtra at the NEC today. The group took part in an inspection conducted by the Press Information Bureau under the scheme. They are not funded by the Central Government.
The union urges the CEM of KHADC and all the MDCs to write down more details of the trading licenses obtained by non-residents and those trading licenses. licenses obtained in the past which are against the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act and Rules should also be revoked.
The amount of damage varies from one district to another and the money has been released to the DCs according to the estimates collected and the total amount has reached T.51,8 90,923 rupees.
In the absence of this Act, MDCs cannot vote as they wish.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Police today on receiving a tip that a vehicle carrying suspected drug traffickers has been arrested. The vehicle number ML0-A-1599 was seized from the vehicle.
Members of the JSU Shillong City, Rangbah Dong of Malki Village, JSU Shillong City and family members of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh were also present.
The urban areas eligible for this scheme in the state are Shillong, Jowai, Mairang, Nongpoh, Nongstoin, Williamnager, Resubelpara, Tura and Baghmara.
Another NDA member is Chirag Paswan, who leads the Lok Janshakti Party (Ram Vilas) who won three seats.
In the past two days, the BSF has seized 54 cows from different parts of the state. Bangladesh is celebrating Eid-ul-Fitr in the country.
During the meeting, they also discussed development projects in Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, a new FM transmitter will be opened in Nongstoin and Williamnagar.
The meeting between DK Shivakumar and Bah Paul Lyngdoh will bring closer the states and will also show the spirit of unity despite many differences and to work together for the good.
Speaking at the meeting, Bhoumik said that the central government is determined to empower people with disabilities and is working hard to achieve the goal of the Prime Minister to provide services to the people. all the people.
There are 283 cases in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated two schools, one Garobadha Secondary School and one Rangsakuna Higher Secondary School, in South West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, March 26: The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy, an autonomous institute under the Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong on Thursday held a one-day workshop.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Headquarters 101 Area and the State Military Board, Meghalaya today held a meeting of retired soldiers at the Assam Regimental Center in Happy Valley, Shillong.
On the other hand, Nand said that as Chairman of the Commission, he will strive to achieve what the ethnic groups in this country need and to improve their income.
The District Council has taken this decision after Bah Paul Leong forced the KHADC Police to raid the shops inside his building in Iewduh in the past few days. .
“The Prime Minister also said that the Government is looking into all aspects of the recruitment process and will take action.
Speaking to BatesiTV, the Vice President of the Seng, Bah Marshall Nonglait, said that the Seng's intention to visit Majai village was after there were allegations that Bangladeshi authorities were smuggling. The Meghalaya High Court has violated the order of the Meghalaya High Court which banned trucks from carrying more than 12 tonnes. The miners of the Bangladeshi authorities carry 20-24 tonnes of coal which has caused the Government to lose revenue.
He said the party demands that the government should declare 2019 as the Year of Farmers.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumdaitkhla, Bah ST Rympei, said that the house of Bah Bikos Rani, which was used by the school children, was destroyed in the blast.
According to the Constitution, the Central Government does not have the authority to collect taxes on agricultural income.
Shillong, July 11: Meghalaya will celebrate the 25th National Youth Festival on the 12th July, 2022 along with the rest of the country.
This incident is more serious because this is a community contact, this is a “Community Contact” and the government now has to restrict his movements and all those who are close to him. and he that everyone has to find them now.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Congress MLAs and MDCs from Ri Bhoi District today visited the residents of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the increase in bill light sent by MeECL to the residents of Ri Bhoi District. to meet with the Chief Managing Director (CMD) A.Nikhla to discuss the issues faced by the people in the District and the State as a whole.
The people can also witness that if there are any issues that the KSU takes for the benefit of the Khasi people, these groups suddenly come out at such times to take other issues. I don't want to overshadow the issues that the KSU has taken.
In the letter, the CSWO said that the CBI has found that the deposit of money by political party leaders and government officials in banks by the Financial Investigation Unit is a crime in Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the President of the National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Block, Bah German Nongsien, expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Nasar Marwein MDC of the 26th Congress. Langrim Constitution.
Nongrah had the first goal, but the hard work in the second half led to the Combined turning the tide in the second half.
At the same time, the KSU Nongtynniaw Unit would like to thank the people of the area who have supported the Seng at all times and despite many challenges.
Regional communities and indigenous groups in Meghalaya are involved in economic development, supporting Village Employment Councils.
In the ejahar, she said that her daughter went missing from home on 28/8/2021 at 6.45 pm and according to their information, her daughter was abducted by Moiiabul Ali. alleged in the complaint.
The request was submitted to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
They also expressed their surprise at the government's intention to find land for the ANVC-B in SWKHD and West Khasi Hills while in Garo Hills it has not done anything.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that the Congress party once again asks for the support of the people of this constituency for the party candidate.
The public hearing was held at the dorbar hall of the village.
To replace the Drilling Pump at the Water Supply Station of Mawkhan Village due to the increasing deterioration of the drinking water supply of the residents of Lai tylli Village. Villages (Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & Mawrashe).
EJH District Police have registered a complaint under the NDPS Act at Lumshong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing. Alajit Debarman, 24, is from Tripura.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today sent his congratulations to Sheikh Hasina on her party's victory in the Bangladesh Parliament. post on the 'X'.
Speaking at the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of this road, the Chief Minister said that as of now, we have seen an increase in the construction of roads in the state from various schemes. not just in one part of the state but throughout the state.
To me, the future of the country is important, the future of politics is not important.
Union Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare and Chemicals and Fertilizers Mansukh Mandaviya, Minister of State for Cooperation BL Verma and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
In his speech, the Governor said that he praises the Khasi religion although there is a difference in the work but there is no difference in the race. Shot Wait may become a scientist and the son of a contractor may become an engineer.
However, in 2001, the Assam government recognized the Garo people as an ethnic group within the state of Assam.
While the protest is still going on, but this morning at 4 pm, while the residents of the city, some of them are still sleeping, while others have woken up and started to sleep. Mawlai Nongpdeng, suddenly, 10 foreign vehicles have arrived in Mawlai Nongpdeng village which cannot be verified whether they are foreigners who have entered the state without proper documents. This is the picture of Bangladesh.
Transparency and accountability are the foundation of Government and it is this belief that has raised India from the Fragile Five in terms of income to the fourth highest income in the world today.
Therefore, the union strongly warns those contractors and householders who are willing to bring in these foreigners, to employ and accommodate them, to provide them with the work permit of the state.
He said, 'How you clean medicine is your knowledge that you can hide', but the terrible thing now is that the plants have started to disappear and if they disappear, you need to bring the shape and name. to the SPIKAP office, in order to collect them secretly to see if they are extinct.
The suspension of vehicles has affected the people, especially those who sell marpyut, so as the residents urge the government to increase the price of petrol, the price of vehicles has also dropped, the government should look after the poor. .
In a statement sent today, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the arrested person has sent a statement that he is the Area Commander of the illegally deployed rebel group.
Referring to the turnout, Dr Jemino said the party was sure that it would win the election, but the turnout was not expected to exceed 6000 votes. .
We have implemented measures at the Booth Level and many of the Polling Stations have low turnout on Polling Day, but now we have taken action on how to deal with the number of Polls. Booth and district facilities.
He urged the youth to solve their problems by adding that there is nothing more important than hard work with determination to achieve their goals and also to work harder to remain in their positions. reach.
Pa,im Hamberly, said that the people of Nongwah-Mawtamur have been waiting since 1987 but they know that since 1864 this area has been under the Hima Sohiong. It is after the visit of the former EM of KHADC in charge of the area, Bah KP Pangniang in 2015 to the area that the KHADC will convene a meeting between the Hima Jirang, Hima Sohiong and Hima. The District Council shall not speak.
The party also invites its supporters to join us on this day.
Shillong, Naitung 29: A man has been arrested by the residents of Nongshiliang village for allegedly robbing a house at 5 pm this morning. hand to the owner of the house who is a human woman.
If we look back at the past 122 years, the Seng has stood firm to preserve, enrich and explain to the world the human potential of the nation.
When the members of the House expressed their dissatisfaction with the work of the Shnong Knor of the House , the Shnong Knor accepted the letter and arranged to discuss the matter. On the last day of the session, all the work relating to the Government shall be completed.
He also urged all the students to be diligent in their studies and to spend a lot of time in preparing for the examinations and strive to reach the next division. education at various levels and not part-time schooling.
He also alleged that the power outage is due to the failure of MeECL to provide the best service to the people especially as many of the people want and want to witness the power outage. The World Cup will be played on the night of the tournament.
Peace cannot be built on inequality, discrimination, discrimination, lawlessness, or violence because there is no peace based on injustice, violence, violence. partiality, injustice, or violence.
The meeting was conducted by the DC in the presence of the SP, ADCs, AECs and other leaders of Ri Bhoi District together with the RBYF. JYF), under the leadership of its President, Bah Poipynhun, has met with the SP of East Jaintia Hills, S. Thamar to inquire from him regarding the allegation of shooting and robbing Batskhem Pala. Eyoudicious Dkhar, 34, of a truck driver (NL01 G 5115) at Lad Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills.
The four areas acquired by the KHADC are Langpih area of ​​Wet Khasi Hills District with an area of ​​298.07 kilometers and Borduar area with an area of ​​147.83 kilometers.
It is alleged that this corruption was committed with the knowledge of the people in power.
The Seng supports the State Government which has expressed its love for literacy in its own language by paying tribute to the Founder and Father of the Khasi Alphabet, the living characters used by the Khasi Alphabet. The Khasi people have not survived until now.
He said that in Mawphlang, the UDP party suddenly announced Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh but he won when the people voted for him. The people as a nation understand well.
They want to clarify that they have not received any appointment letter from the company.
Members of the HYC who took part in the three-day rally stayed overnight at Mawngap and took them to the Additional Secretariat Shillong where they will hold a meeting. and they will submit a petition to the Chief Minister.
He said that the State Government has extended its congratulations to these HNLC leaders when they came to Shillong for their first talks with the State Government as well as with the Central Government.
As Coal India Limited does not have a proper office in Meghalaya, they have decided to cooperate with the state government on how to do this.
On the other hand, the Assam Chief Minister said that the CBI team will arrive in Guwahati tomorrow morning and will take the necessary action.
They informed that their team has an agreement with a large placement group from Kathmandu, Nepal who already have links with the automotive industry, where they have the option to place placements if job seekers they have the expertise.
Recognizing the visit of people for medical treatment as an important activity that paves the way for the country's development, the Ministry of Tourism has taken many steps to promote India as a Medical and Wellness tourism destination.
In Meghalaya, the VAT charged by Meghalaya is the lowest compared to other states in India, but at present the price of petrol has increased by more than T.100 tyngka and diesel. today it has risen to T.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ribhoi District today met with the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ribhoi District regarding the attack on the house of Bah Michael Warjri Secretary Nongspung Hima.
He also thanked the Sports Departments for organizing this tournament and especially the sports officers who came from all over the districts.
In the MLA elections 2023, the AITC party in Garo Hills will win but they will not win many. In Khasi Hills, it will be difficult for them to win because the people especially in Khasi Hills have a different way of thinking than in Garo Hills. spirit as well.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The State Government today announced the appointment of Saleng A Sangma MLA as the Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Development Reform Commission (SDRC) with effect from today. you shimti the work.
Shillong, July 20: The JSU has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's recent release of the anthem of Meghalaya.
In the evening of the same day, it was learned that the man had tested positive for the disease.
Four others were seriously injured and others sustained minor injuries in the incident. The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, told SP News Agency that the bus was coming from Guwahati. They were on their way to Dharamnagar but when they reached that place, this tragic incident happened.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh urged the residents of Thynroid Village to have the spirit of tolerance, the spirit of cooperation, the spirit of giving advice to build each other. He said that it is only through these four Paia Khnongs that we can support and build a strong rympei.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The President of the FKJP, Bah D Khongsit, today said that the FKJP has conducted a thorough survey regarding the unemployed youth and many of them have joined the party. to discuss this issue of employment.
The time has come to provide protective measures for the protection of women.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the PHC at Lawbah village in Mawsynram Block.
In this regard, the government has appointed a Deputy Inspector General of Police from the CUD department to look into the matter.
Shillong, Lber 13: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the 2020-21 Budget Session, U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the Legislative Assembly for the Meghalaya is the most honorable state in the Legislative Assembly and he said that this honor should be maintained.
The Seng through this statement has decided to take the opportunity to invite all the paradoh para snam to this meeting to show their unity and solidarity for the sake of development. Preserve the Khasi Language because as a party we understand and know clearly. When the language lives, the nation lives.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Telinia Thangkhiew, in reply to a question by Bah JB Basaiawmoit in the House today, said that the KHADC has implemented the GST according to the directives of the state government. .
Therefore, the Commission urges the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam to cooperate and ensure that the perpetrators should be punished,” said the Commission in a statement issued on Friday.
The Swachh Bharat Mission was launched by the Prime Minister on this day three years ago when the country celebrated the Khasi Day of Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri; and this speaks to the extent to which that goal of holiness has been reached.
Shillong, July 14: The JSU Central Body has strongly opposed the government's plan to convene another public hearing on 30th January 2020 on the approval of M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd.
Bah Process T Sawkmie, MLA and MDC of Mawlai, on learning of the incident, visited the victims and promised to help them. In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah H Mylliem Umlong.
The BSF said that the illegal cattle trade is linked to drug trafficking and the proceeds of the trade have been used to militant groups operating in Meghalaya.
The first phase of the stadium was constructed by NEEPCO at a cost of T.4,96,058 Tyngka.
As it is, the government has signed the agreement blindly and at this meeting today they urged the government to look into the terms and conditions before signing if it is to hand over to anyone else.
Therefore, I would like to clarify before the people that like you, you were with us in the MLA election in which you won me as the candidate of the Congress party and now we are all at peace. said Mr. Shangply.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Two Indian women were arrested by the BSF at Betgora village while they were returning from Bangladesh and seized 90,000 Taka from them. you can Bangladeshi money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U Bah Pynshngianglang, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District, on Tuesday said that he will not go as the Chief Executive Member of the village.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for seven road projects in Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
“Laws arising from the existence of customs, beliefs and practices related to religion cannot be ignored or repealed by the introduction of the UCC. that the beliefs, customs and traditions of 'one religion' shall be imposed on other faiths through the UCC.
U Bah Nongtraw said that we should not forget that we are the only nation with a population of 7 lakh people in the world and if such a law is not passed, we will lose our blood in the next 10 years. come.
India has helped to build houses for the refugees.
In the fiscal year 2024-2025, the revenue of the state will be T.4,041/- crore, the revenue from GST will be T.1,995/- crore, the revenue from trade tax will be T. .1,156/- crore and the revenue from liquor will be T.661 crore.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has decided to convene to the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Government of India.
The BSF handed over the vehicles to the law enforcement authorities and the two arrested persons were handed over to the police for further investigation.
There have been attempts to mislead the party in the past few months.
However, the surprising thing is that some MLAs and government ministers have distributed the scheme in the agricultural land but it is not true. The UDP alleges that they have done this for their own benefit in the world. their.
The Gold Medal winners were Gareth Garfield Laloo, Brockstar Papang and Teiboklang Marbaniang. The Silver Medal winners included Samla Calfari. War Khyllew, the young man of Warkhyllew and the young man of Warshong.
The number of cases by district is East Khasi Hills 1464, West Khasi Hills 103, South West Khasi Hills 23, Ri Bhoi 240, West Jaintia Hills West Garo Hills 172, South West Garo Hills 33, South Garo Hills 47, East Garo Hills 40, North Garo Hills 23.
The government and teachers have to think together on this low pass rate of students in matriculation.
According to Bah Lahbor, this happened only after his wife warned them not to speak harsh words after it was suspected that they were shot.
Students are not allowed to present only their ID cards or Admit cards.
and the INC of Jowai North,
In his speech, Amit Shah said that the past 10 years under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi have been crucial for the development of the North East. 75 years since Independence.
It is surprising that instead of looking after the welfare of the people, the police have explained to the people that if such projects come, the people will get roads and other development works.
During these two days of strike, there will be speeches by the leaders of the UFBU to explain the strike and the issues of demand for the benefits of the employees in the government-run banks.
Hundreds of workers took part in the strike today. Their demand was on four issues, which they have been demanding from time to time. The demand of the MeECL authorities is that MeECL should pay their arrear since 2015. MeECL should immediately stop the violation. law and shall pay them their rightful wages.
In Shillong, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has defeated Sitting MP Vincent H. Pala of the Congress party by 3.7 lakh votes. which was in the state.
The entry of foreigners without a Work Permit is very difficult as this Act prohibits the intention of foreigners to stay.
Leaders of the party including Bah Shining Suting, President and Bah Paid Wahlang, Member of the District Unit, said that they have conducted an inspection today on 30th July, 2023 and after that they will meet with the party. and EE of PWD Division Nongpoh.
Residents from Meghalaya, who were stranded in the sudden outbreak of Israeli-Palestinian fighting, have now arrived in Egypt.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to establish a joint venture with Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) in Sohra. Venture.
Shillong, Nailur 21: A sumo driver on Tuesday night suspected that there was a pla inside the vehicle and immediately informed the police.
Therefore, I appeal to the people to make a decision after weighing the advantages and disadvantages.
In his speech, JAC Chairman, Bah Pasbhalang Kharieh said that the surrender of Lyngdoh Sohiong was found through RTI requested by the JAC and this was in The present Lyngdoh of Sohiong, the Syiem of Jirang Hima and Bah KP Pangniang EM in charge of Elaka Affairs at that time.
“We urge you as the head of the Institute to support this demand for the benefit of the youth and the state as a whole,” said the union.
We say that we are in the place where we hold the meeting, but it does not mean that we are in that place.
The result of this discussion is that the Hon'ble Government has appealed against the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Minister Kharlukhi, who is in charge of the market, said that there are 35 policemen in the Hima and they have also requested 30 enforcement personnel from KHADC. The opening of the Iewduh will start tomorrow morning.
In addition, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar will also discuss many issues related to the welfare and development of the Kur Dkhar, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills. , Wapung Circle.
“The decision taken at the meeting on 24.11.2015 between the state political parties and the state government in relation to the NPR is that the government should first provide clear public explanations. by preparing accurate calendars for the conduct of this public awareness program in relation to the NPR (Aadhaar No) and after that, the will be the “It is sad that the government has not acted according to this decision,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body.
We have the same story about the history of Hynniewtrep.
The area of ​​the dam is about 10 hectares at a cost of 27 lakh tyngka under the Sohra Plateau scheme.
The three were identified as Bajop Surong, 25, Wanborlang Sumer, 18, and Charlie Mukhim,
The sleepless nights of the leaders have led to the protest by the civil society organizations and the protest is not to stand idly by until the government implements the ILP which is a law to protect the minorities.
The topics discussed by the Commission in relation to the KHADC are the working of the 6th Committee in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District, the implementation of the laws, rules and regulations. They also wanted to have special laws, health facilities, education and roads and finally the administration of the District Council.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Lumshyiap Dorbar Shnong has launched the night vehicle of the village at a short meeting held at the Lumshyiap taxi stand.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) will celebrate the World HIV/AIDS Day on November 1st.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also spoke about two types of vaccines for children and oral vaccines.
The UDP was led by Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Titus Chyne and Embhalang Syiemlieh, all MLAs. Paul and Embhah are the leaders of the party. of the KSU in the past.
On the other hand, the NEC Secretary acknowledged that land availability is one of the problems when implementing projects in the area.
“By being in the CEC, I will have the opportunity to discuss issues related to the state with MLAs who are outside the jurisdiction of the District Council.
India is still fighting the disease.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The body of Bibiana Jyrwa, 58, of Shillong, has been found by fishermen in the Umshing Umsohlang River.
The journey of these two clearly shows the strength of the family to walk together to achieve their dream.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Sports Department of NEHU has organized the 1NEHU Half Marathon 2021 & Fun Run. The competition was inaugurated by the Pro Vice Chancellor Dr Henry Lamin and the competition was concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners by the VC Prof. SK Srivastava and Anindya, Head of SBI.
Shillong, November 28: While the work of NBCC Ltd is in progress to build a road on the Bangladesh border, the people have come forward to protest against the construction of the road through the Bangladesh border. their place.
Babu Dhar is an excellent car manufacturer at ITI Shillong and he never thought that he would be selected to receive this award despite working hard every day at the car manufacturing factory.
This policy will create job opportunities for about 15,000 people in the logistics sector.
The Committee comprises experts from various fields, including leading doctors from AIIMS as well as from BIS. idea to use more rugged helmets in the country, and the Department has accepted this report.
At the same time, the KSU JHDU leaders have expressed their concern to the DC regarding the government's ban on carrying more than 9 tonnes through the Rimanar Bridge which has shown signs of orpait.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Electoral Officer of the Election Commission of India (ECI) today convened a meeting of all political parties in Meghalaya. .
Bah Sanbor said that those who speak badly should be punished.
Addressing the organizers of the tournament, Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “I firmly believe in the importance of playing time for teaching. children from the time they are young.
The incident happened at about 12.30 pm on Saturday.
What is more surprising is that not only the old building has been flooded but even the new building has been flooded and the doors are not good enough to close.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today visited the father of the National People's Party (NPP) candidate who was shot in the shoulder by the robbers this morning. He was taken to the hospital for treatment.
Air Marshal C Hari Kumar, Commander-in-Chief, Eastern Air Command, IAF, honored him on this occasion with gifts.
Therefore, in order to prevent all those who have selfish motives from misusing the name of the Seng, and from violating its Constitution, the JSU Sengkmie has taken a strong decision to suspend the Seng. “We don't need any selfish people within the Union,” said Samla Emperor Bareh, General Secretary of JSU Sengkmie.
According to the BSF, the BSF knows the goods well and works with them from time to time. they don't have to.
Dr. Paul praised the speed and breadth of the program and said, “There has been a new connection every second and this has changed the health of the people in India today. .
Heads of State Government from all over Meghalaya attended the training . From the documents distributed on the occasion , it was shown that the RSBY scheme has been approved by the They must pay only 30 tyngka.
Meanwhile, Congress leaders in the state have alleged that the state government has banned Rahul Gandhi's visit to USTM in Ri-bhoi following pressure from Assam and Delhi.
When only EPIC is sufficient to vote, why do we have to suffer so much for foodgrains?
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, said that he will send a notice to all those who should invite the meeting to be held at on the 6th of this month at 10:00 am.
India has said it highly values ​​the protection of biodiversity and wildlife and has expanded the list of protected areas to more than 10,000 wildlife sanctuaries, national parks, special areas for monkeys.
He said the first meeting of the committee could be held next month.
Many of the MLAs of Meghalaya attended the training conducted by one of the departments of the Parliament of India and the leaders of the Legislative Assemblies of the States.
There are 11 recoveries, 49 in critical condition, 10 in East Kahsi Hills, 6 in East Kahsi Hills. cases in Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills.
At the same time, the Hima Mylliem was urged to make rules and regulations that the shops which have been given to other ethnic groups should be taken over and given to the youth without them being able to set up shops. This will be one of the sources of employment for the educated youth.
Shillong, March 19: The Congress Party has submitted the application forms for the 2023 MLA elections from the Congress party. 10November 2022 next month.
The strong foundation of this young man has led all the departments of the KSU WKHDU to appoint him as the General Secretary of the District Unit from
On receiving a tip, the Khapmara PIC has sent police to investigate the incident and to take measures to remove the truck from the scene.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Maweit Village Council (SSSM) in its meeting held recently has decided to temporarily ban heavy vehicles, trucks carrying timber, Mawlein and Range.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The CEC of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its opposition to the MBOSE's hasty move to change the textbooks in schools in the state through its announcement on 14 November , 2017 by inviting Publishers to sign Contracts.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) together with the Civil Defense and Home Guards of the state government on receiving the information rushed to the scene to assist the people of the area, said Bah PH Khongsngi, Deputy Controller. Two of the deceased were workers in a plywood factory, Shillong and officers in charge of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) said.
Swu was one of the three founders of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland along with Thuingaleng Muivah and SS Khaplang.
The polling station in Shillong today saw that the DC office had to be closely guarded by the police due to the presence of the supporters with the sound of the nomination papers.
Many of the chairman now question whether Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit can replace Bah Martle Mukhim, or whether he has left the party, at the same time the question to the UDP whether it will replace Bah Martle Mukhim. The current MLA has not left the HSPDP from this constituency.
It is learned that when they went to talk to the company, they used to ask for 40 days, 10 months and this request has been going on for more than two years. kamia the owner of the house as he had promised.
In his speech, Samla Donald Thabah urged the students to be diligent in their studies and to make good use of their skills as they are the future of the region and our small nation.
Especially in society, education, income of the indigenous peoples and especially the culture and traditions in accordance with the purpose of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The Commission is headed by Chief Justice SK Dutta as Chairman, IK Sangma, DS Shallam and Dr BR Kharlukhi as members.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) DD Lapang today said that the Congress party has no rule to announce its prime ministerial candidate for any election.
Wholesale Market Orange CO
Speaking to media after the opening of the party meeting in the MDA government, Conrad said the roster system is needed to improve the recruitment process so that the recruitment process can be orderly.
Earlier, the Sad Priest Dominic Jala blessed the statue of Rev. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh which was built by Barrikor Skhemlang Hynniewta under the leadership and management of the Riti Academy.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The JSU Sengkmie under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh today met with the Deputy Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh. Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah PS Dkhar and requested him to cooperate and find ways and means how to make it easier for parents when they fight for the birthdays of their children especially those who study in the school. Class Nine because they have to get this certificate so that they can register themselves in the MBOSE. The parents of the students who have gone to the DC Office to get this certificate, not only that but it has also been learned that there are many students especially those who come from the villages who The deadline for submission of documents to register with MBOSE has expired in the past few days, and many students who have faced this problem have not There are also those who have dropped out of school with their doubts whether they can't go to class because they haven't received their Syrnot ngikha until the end of this last day to send to schools to register. This certificate application has been completely separated from the Judicial and Administrative, and this has upset the parents. to spend the time of the day and also a lot of money to go directly to the DC Office to apply for this Certificate.
The total number of vehicles manufactured in India in 10 years is 1.7 crore.
In all these revelations of mankind from God, the signs and wonders that came to appear like the word of gold and the word of silver that longsan mansan has ud la name on the altar of incense, that the letter is dulir from the Lord, They show the signs that he has accepted this sacrifice of mankind.
Replying to a question by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit regarding the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has informed the government. The Prime Minister said that the smuggling of bikes on the border with Bangladesh is not only of cows but of many others. from Tura and were sent to Bangladesh.
million to 201.4 million people.
Other members of the House who took part in the discussion on the resolution were Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Bah KP Pangniang and Bah Witting Mawsor of the HSPDP. James KP Sangma of the NPP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Embhah Syiemlieh, T Chyne of the UDP, Dr DD Lapang, Rowell Lyngdoh of the Congress, John Lesley K Sangma and Saleng A Like Ind.
New opportunities for innovation and self-employment opportunities. By abandoning the approach of 'Government alone knows everything and Government alone will do everything', the country is now moving forward in the belief in 'Sabka Prayas' (the effort of all).
With the presence of this house, it will further improve the customs and traditions and this is the purpose of the Jiantia Sein.
She worked as a bouncer and also worked in a women's beauty shop and tried a job related to selling clothes.
Others who attended included officers from the Cooperative Society, Sohra Sub-Division, MSME and DYC of NYKS, youth organisations, self-help groups, cooperative societies and various clubs under the to 12th Village Block.
The meeting was chaired by Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and was attended by Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Prema Khandu, Chief Minister of Tripura Biplab Kumar Deb and Minister in charge of Tourism, Civil. Aviation, Commerce and Industry of Sikkim B.S.Pant.
During the partition of India, crores of people had to leave their ancestral homes through no fault of their own.
The train will run from Lokmanya Tilak Terminal on 22.10.2023 (Sunday).
The union does not want to see the uranium mining go ahead without proper explanation and to ensure that there will be no impact.
Police are conducting investigation.
The campaign will start on the 27th of this month and end on the 3rd of June in all districts of the state.
According to information received, the night curfew started at about 9 pm.
The group from Garo Hills also wanted to know about Aadhaar.
This is to regulate the number of land vendors across Shillong at the same time to protect them from survival. The survey has been completed and there are 1263 land vendors in Shillong.
The Minister also spoke of promoting free market access and fair-trade practices and ease of doing business and ease of compliance for Startups and delivery of public services through online and mobile platforms in a simple, accessible, interoperable and citizen friendly manner in the same thread .
The union also demanded that the government should upgrade the Raliang Police Out Post to Raliang Police Station.
On this occasion, he said that the party has sent a statement to the government on two grounds, one is that the government should honor him. teachers to pay for old age.
The Hill Farmers Union said that they will talk to the government to provide the seeds.
“Since 1947 when India gained independence, the North East has allowed foreigners to invade and settle in and also in 1971 when the war broke out in Bangladesh. tens of thousands and lakhs have entered the Northeast," he said.
Shillong, Lber 17: BSF troops while patrolling at the border on Saturday morning saw a sudden influx of people and when they went to chase kthong, 26 cow drivers managed to escape while 26 cows were stolen. get the group from Hawaii.
Meghalaya is now following the example of Mizoram which has taken the lead in raising the retirement age of doctors from 58 years to 62 years.
Police have suspected that these two men may also be involved in the insurgency.
On the morning of 24th July 2024, the Waheh Chnong of Thadmukoh, West Jaintia Hills District, informed the police that he found a man named Sam Lyngdoh. he was lying dead near his house in Thadmukoh.
Chairman of the Regional Committee from Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Minister of State from Assam, Chandramohan Patowary, in the presence of members from both the states and officers.
This flight of them has increased their involvement.
The 'jan Andolan' has brought achievements to the country such as the recognition of 75% of India's villages as ODF Plus or the maintenance of Open Defecation Free status of these villages along with sanitation arrangements. to garbage and wastewater.
In East Khasi Hills, 63 cases have been tested positive for COVID-19 in Shillong from 24 districts of Shillong including one driver. Of these, 14 cases have been tested from Madanriting.
The party would also like to congratulate the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, along with other Union Ministers, for his ability to maintain the health and strength of the country. to fight against the corona virus, as shown by the agreement of the people of the country to stay at home and to obey the orders of the central government.
According to the family members of the victim, they suspect that this is a crime. The parents of the victim request the public to inform them if they have any information. to the police or to family members.
“The people need to ask questions especially the MLAs of the political parties who even in their manifesto have put this (Reservation Policy) in front of the people saying that they will look into the Reservation Policy but till now it has not happened. someone came forward to say let's work together to achieve this," he added.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the rules issued by the state government regarding the building rules do not clearly define the powers between the government and the district councils. If the construction of a house is more than 50,000 feet, permission must be obtained from the State Government even if it falls under the District Council area.
The film is directed by Chidananda S Naik, shot by Suraj Thakur, edited by Manoj V and soundtrack by Abhishek Kadam.
A reporter who went to inspect found that the collapsed wall had fallen onto the road of private property.
At the time of the Indian Dominion, the Assam Province was known as the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (1951).
The Board's activities in research, market development, increased use of shrimp, and further improvement of equipment will ensure that our farmers and shrimp manufacturers continue to be They are the leading exporters of shynraiuba and shynrai products.
The Congress also pledged to protect the Constitution of India, to preserve democracy, to repair what has been damaged, the media, the courts, the fight against corruption, to keep the customs and traditions.
On 21st June 2024, two youngsters, Shabakmenlang Wanniang (16) and Aishabankmen Thongni (14) drowned in a thwei in Wahsiej village. Rilang, which is called the Breimeirit River while they were fighting.
In the fight against COVID-19, the Government has decided that for those traders who enter and leave the state, the testing will be every 10 days. The government will not consider the test.
: The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) has recovered the body of a man who drowned on the 1st of July 2024 at Wahrew.
The party has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister Cornad Sangma in a meeting with the party at the Secretariat to discuss the border issue. The party will continue to demand that the government should fix the boundary so that the people on the border will not face any problems.
In 1989, the Salesians of Don Bosco, after discovering the large number of children with disabilities in Mawlai, established the Caring for Children with Disabilities behind the Theological College under the supervision of Rev Father CM. Joseph.
After the arrest of her, they raided her residence in Lapalang and at the same time they also seized the drug. the NDPS Act.
About 230 members from different villages of Khasi Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Garo Hills also attended the Skill Development Programme.
This gift is small but also a gesture to show appreciation for their work.
They will start looking for new people or supporters.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Michael Lawai President of KSU Mawkynrew Circle, u Mawkynrew Circle, said that the PWD (Roads) department has not taken action to build safety measures on this road. The union has lodged a complaint with the relevant government department.
"She said it is necessary to educate the youth about the lives of these forgotten heroes.
He also admitted that the disposal of chemicals in Marten will endanger the villages below the landfill and Mawiong village as the smell of 40 types of chemicals will affect the health. and to the farmers who live in Marten.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Pa,im Ainam Syiem expressed the hope that as they have worked together in the past few days as Acting Syiem, he expects that the Ministers and Ministers will be able to vote for him. priests will provide support.
It has been witnessed that Meghalaya has increased rapidly in the population in the last few years.
At present, the salaries of the employees have not been arranged for the employees of the factory. This inability to run the factory has led to the loss of salaries of the employees within the MCCL. The union expresses its gratitude to the government for helping the workers but this has not brought any relief to the problems faced by the workers of the factory.
On the other hand, the KSU Delhi Unit strongly condemns this act of violence and at the same time the KSU Delhi Unit urges the youth women and men to be sure and check before going to work for any job. within the City of Delhi.
To achieve this, the Government has done many things in the last two years and will continue to do these things in the next three years because it has a clear vision that even in the midst of difficulties, they will fight. to move forward to reach the goal.
It is challenging and expensive to explore and mine these minerals compared to other gender dependent materials.
Shillong, Nailur 03: U Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the NPP party is different. He said that he has been in the Congress party for many years. .
The Committee on this occasion has allowed the Village Leaders and Sengbhalang to express their views on this issue. Many of them have expressed their views on the issue. Speakers from the Khambun village leaders themselves said that it has happened as it appeared in the media and there is a lot of trouble. There are also village leaders who are trying to say that the explanation for the increase or decrease in radiation is unacceptable because because it cannot be proved.
Members of the Legislative Assembly will be given the opportunity to send their writings, questions and other requests through the App which is available to each Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Dr. Marak also spoke about the bravery of the Garo fighters, although they did not have weapons, but they were able to intimidate the French troops through their bravery.
As part of this, three new laws have recently been implemented to reform the criminal justice system in the country.
From this story puriskam is taught that in the household of the poor or the rich, a word of kwai, tympew, shun is enough to respect each other.
The Commander said that if the government cannot allow them to come to the market to sell jhur, it would be better because the people are afraid because of the increasing number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong. .
Other speakers were also present on the occasion.
Teinwell first won the MDC election in 2004 from the United Democratic Party (UDP) and won four terms as MDC from the same party and remained in office until his death. you're yours.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the three men who were arrested by the Assam Police on charges of rioting in Sabuda village have been released. day by getting bail.
: it means that it is the one who stands in front; it is the one who rules over others who are lower in rank.
When asked to write the examination in Khasi, he gave a good answer that it is a riewlumkwah to write in his own language. The Principal said that how can he write in Khasi when there are no teachers but he said that they will teach on leave and they have given permission to write in Khasi.
He added that the restrictions implemented to contain the COVID pandemic were coming to an end.
This land was re-surveyed in 1905 and signed by the Syiem of Sohra Hima on 10th July 1920. The Government of Meghalaya has issued a Government Notification on
It is learned that the youth had taken a helicopter from Mawphanlur Integrated Village Cooperative Society without wearing a life jacket and the helicopter overturned. One of the members of Mawphanlur IVCS was present at the scene and the body of Mawphanlur IVCS has not been recovered yet.
Shillong, June 11: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MBCC) at its meeting held on April 7, 2018 at Nongjri, has praised Bah George B. Lyngdoh, for his initiative to talk to the Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MBCC). Home Minister of the State and to bring to the Legislative Assembly the issues of the Border, where he took the initiative to talk to the Government to completely remove the Police Outpost of the Assam Government at Umru Village, Ribhoi District.
The Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle and office bearers from other Units welcomed the guests by Samla Twist Marngar who is the Vice – President of the Executive Committee.
Speaking to reporters at his office, the CEM of KHADC said that the UDP Nongkrem Circle has not allocated T.133 crore for the allegation. The Special Assistance Scheme of the Central Government and said that only T.1.12 crore has been allocated is not true.
The Cabinet today approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Procurement Preference Policy, 2020 to increase the purchase price by 20%.
On the other hand, the KSU alleged that what happened on Saturday was the fault of the District Administration.
There are still more elders who have expressed their desire to come forward and I accept that and I believe in cooperation we need others to come forward to strengthen the rule and work of the party. in the State and in the District Council,” said Bah Paul.
The yatra provides information to the people about various schemes of the Government and how to promote themselves to get the benefits of these schemes.
Union Minister of State for Culture and Heritage Dr Mahesh Sharma today visited Jallianwalla Bagh in Amritsar, Punjab.
“As an organization that looks after the welfare and development of the youth of Wapungskur in many areas, we have found that the State Government itself often refuses to provide playgrounds or Indoor stadiums, Youth Centres, Libraries, Auditoriums, Recreational Centers and other facilities in each village, and this will create a barrier for the youth to exercise properly so that participate in various competitions.
St Mary's Higher Secondary School came second in the competition and the exhibition 'A Mother's Delight' was projected by St Mary's Higher Secondary School. Army Public School Happy Valley won the second place in Group A.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Lt General DS Ahuja GOC of 101 today took the salute at the Harish Parade Ground of 58 Gorkha Training Center where 180 graduates were admitted. a day in the army.
It was proposed and requested to hold a flag raising ceremony and to wear the flag by all the people of the State for two days without being forced anywhere.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today concluded his campaign for the mid-term elections in Ampati Constituency for the party candidate Clement G Momin. Speaking to the party workers at the candidate's residence in Latri, in the presence of Bah AL Hek of the BJP and Bah Samlin Malngniang of the HSPDP. “Be careful and be united you who are the voters because the opposition believes that they will deceive the voters by the power of money”.
Superintendent of Police Ramesh Singh and Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District have left for Byrnihat to investigate the incident.
When asked about the reasons why children drop out of school, he said the first reason is the decline in income, frequent failure, the quality of teachers, the lack of school buildings and their migration from one place to another.
On the other hand, the Government congratulates the State Police for doing their job to arrest the perpetrators and punish them under various rules according to the demands of the job. criminals do, but convicting or excusing someone is a matter for the court which the government cannot interfere with.
Sports is another source of employment especially in the military.
It is a pleasure that we can continue the honor of LokPriya Gopinath Bordoloi for Ayurveda through this new Ayurvedic College.
This illegal trade in cattle occurs in areas that have not yet been cleared.
This was announced by Bertina in her welcome speech.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Bah John F Kharshiing, MDC of Umroi Constituency, on Tuesday invited and congratulated the Congress, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and others to continue working together. He said that they have been established for three years through the KHUDA group in the District Council, KHADC and he expects them to work together in the District Council after the counting of votes on 27th Feb
Shillong, Nailur 05: Former Rajya Sabha MP Robert Kharshiing today said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma will be overthrown and a single government will be formed to provide services to the people.
The District Transport Office (DTO) office in Lower Lauchmiere, Shillong has been destroyed by a fire at 1:30 pm on Monday. which is located in one of the rooms in the office (strong room).
The Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Saturday said that it is difficult to cover everything and urged the ASHAs to come to the table with the relevant authorities so that the they are theirs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) today held a public awareness campaign on the PMEGP scheme implemented for the year 2008-09 in collaboration with Prime. Minister's Rozgar Yojana (PMRY) to improve income in rural areas.
The desire of the residents of Dong Moopyniein to have their own village is for the purpose of promoting economic development, governance, peace and prosperity, and closer village governance. , so the residents of the village want to get the Dorbar Shnong.
As an MDC, he said that he will meet with the CEM of KHADC to urge the State Government to take a decision to request the Central Government to include the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra without delay.
Dramas-dance based on the story of Rukmini and Lord Krishna from Arunachal and Manipur and traditional dance of the Idu Mishmi people of Arunachal will take part in the programme.
Meghalaya has represented 29 players, 8 women and 21 men, 3 international referees and judges, 2 team managers and one from the state government.
He is also very good at fighting and how to clean the fields.
The Ministry of Home Affairs expresses its gratitude to all those who have worked together to bring back the youths who have been led astray and now they have returned to the right path.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today turned to the KHADC to demand that the CEM should immediately withdraw the decision to issue NOC for the road from Nongstoin to The Executive Committee has decided not to issue the NOC to Wahkaji.
Other speakers included Babu NP Syiem Head Master of Jidor Singh School and Sordar Shnong Mawnai.
However, when they win and become MLAs, they go to the same party to thank them and to become members of that party.
Minister Duh said the power of the flag of the country has been seen in Ukraine where it has been like a stieh for the people of the country and people from other countries to leave the country. place of struggle.
According to him, the ball is now in the hands of the HNLC and the Government is waiting for a reply from them before proceeding with the talks.
The MPs who signed the letter are Vincent H Pala, Tokheho Yepthomi, Pradyut Bordoloi, Ronald Sapa Tlau, KG Kenye, S Dyurii, Guarav Gogoi, Abdul Khaelque and LH Hynniewtrep.
All this came from the experiences of the people – hopes did not last long, they quickly lost these hopes.
The Master Freshers and Miss Freshers competition was also held where the winners were Samla Hamjngai Bareh as Mr. Freshers and Manisha Pohdweng as Miss Freshers. of the year
He said the Government, through this Bill, has increased the reservation for Divyang from 3 to 4% in Central Government jobs and 5% in education for them.
As leaders elected by the people, they should lead this.
In 2018, the RPF has rescued 708 women from the railway station.
Anindya Banerjee, renowned writer, was the chief guest at the meeting.
The incident happened on Tuesday at 12:05 pm while Dr. Buam was on his way to fish in the Lakroh River on the Bangladesh border and 2 kilometers from Muktapur. Muktapur-Jaliakhola which falls within the border of the BSF Border Out Post in Hawaii.
We pray that Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India, will continue to be strengthened and encouraged so that he will be able to rule our country better until we can eradicate the but the Corona virus is spreading in this world.
He also praised the KSU and its work especially in its ability to overcome many issues affecting the Khasi people.
The KHADC has taken this decision after receiving a complaint that the shops in Iewduh have become the homes of someone else.
Regarding the need for jobs in SWKH District, the KSU has carried letters demanding that the government should implement the 100 letter hospitals in Mawkyrwat as the people need this. you bag care.
The Political Department of the State Government through its Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang has informed the Chief Minister of Assam Himata Biswa Sarma and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K. Sangma at a meeting held in Assam on the issue of border demarcation held on 30th July, 2023, the Governor of Meghalaya has extended the deadline for submission of survey reports to the State Government by three days. Regional Committees until the 31st of this month.
The union also demanded to request for assistance to forgive the farm loans of the farmers affected by the lockdown to fight COVID-19 and to resume and expedite the registration of farmers. PM-Farmers Yona Scheme.
The curfew will be from 10 pm on the 25th to 6 pm on the 26th of this month.
“I am happy that we have got a Civil Sub-Division and I have not thought about the elections,” he said.
He said that recently the Joint Secretary to the Union Government, while speaking to the media in Tripura, said that the Union Government is ready to talk if they stop their military activities, but it is too late. Dr Mukul said that the government will accept only those who come to surrender.
Shillong Lajong FC and Rangdajied United FC are both from Meghalaya.
Our goal should be to make these activities acceptable to all so that everyone can benefit from them.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today convened a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee of the Legislative Assembly to fix the date of the Synrai Legislative Assembly. in November.
In the dance competition, Wansai Fusion won the first prize of 50,000 tyngka, while Insanylla Suting won the second prize. Haphilakmen Lyngdoh, who won the third place, received a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka.
The HYC and the Dorbar Shnong have taken this step on the disappearance of a Longkmie who is suspected to have been kidnapped by a factory worker.
The construction of this airport is aimed at promoting airport activities in the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Andrias, a well-known farmer who has been farming for more than 50 years, said that this year one of the well-known wells in Khatar Shnong has not had enough water this year. for the light of the world.
From the beginning we were one country and gradually the tribes spread all over the country; and the meaning of Ri Bhoi or Jaintia (Hima) are names that appeared recently in the third or fourth century. called Synteng or Pnar).
He said that all those who have been excluded are those who have received the share of Meghalaya through the NEC. According to the information received by the ADE, according to the law. The Director of Medical Education, Assam has issued a DME/UG/29/2017/8164-66 signed by the Director of Medical Education, Assam. seats for MBBS courses have been allocated to Meghalaya through the NEC and this has reduced the number of seats from 15 to 6 seats.
When it was scheduled to carry 90 tonnes, the vehicles carried too much.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has sent its condolences to the family of Ma Kombon Buam (50) of Thangbuli village who passed away suddenly. He was hit by a speeding truck coming from Kalain (Assam) at Ratachera and died shortly afterwards.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh today said that to achieve development works in the villages, there is a need for cooperation between the village authorities and government departments.
In the past, China used to refuse to intervene in any international conflict, but now it is seen that it is trying to emerge as one of the world powers after its intervention to make peace with Saudi Arabia and Iran in October last year, which restored relations between the two countries after a nine-year breakdown.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of KHNAM today will not arrive in the Legislative Assembly during the election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
A day after the Meghalaya High Court ordered the destruction of drugs seized from all over the country, members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in Shillong City At 8:45 pm on Tuesday, police arrested a man on suspicion of being a drug dealer under the parking lot of MUDA at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
Shillong, March 16: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today sent his condolences to the family members of SF Khongwir IAS and DK Dkahr IAS. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the price of diesel between Meghalaya and Assam is very high.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today came forward to demand that the State Government should abolish the Personal Interview in connection with the recruitment of the Group. -B, Group-C and Group-D in various departments of the State Government.
The union said that the JHADC has been collecting Forest Tax, Revenue and Service Tax and other taxes including stamp duty and Professional Tax almost every day. The CEM should account for the loss of money collected from the Tax and Revenue. day until the salaries of the employees and MDCs cannot be paid.
On the other hand, the DC said that he will not complain to the government regarding this incident.
When we strive to reach the stars, we turn our eyes to meet the needs of the country.
During the meeting, they said that if the government does not dismiss the police involved in the shooting, the Mawlai residents will not take part in the Peace Committee set up by the government.
This temporary market will help the farmers to sell their produce if there is such a market which the Sub Division Pynursla has set up specially during this time of curfew. .
According to a statement issued by the Brigadier Chief of Army Staff on 6th November 2017, the Chief of Army Staff said that the army troops have a threat from the HNLC and the people have to be protected.
The HYC had raided these illegal houses on Friday last month after waiting about two days for the Government to collect accurate information regarding this land.
The resignation of Bah Mukhin has affected the Congress party in Mawryngkneng.
Regarding the border settlement with Assam, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District has been involved since 1974 and has made it clear that the border settlement will be in accordance with the Government Proclamation of you don't respect this.
Furthermore, about 2 lakh people including block and panchayat members, farmers and people working in other occupations, will join the program through the internet.
“We have expressed our concern regarding the backward implementation of the Roster System by the Government.
This incident happens every year during the rainy season. The Water Resources Department has tried to dig this stream but has used siej as a dig.
Shillong, March 27: All schools especially urban schools should follow the example of Mawlynnong village to maintain and respect the cleanliness of the environment, said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynnong, Bah Moral Kharlymba. Students of Class IX of KJP Girls' Hr.Sec School, Shillong who took part in the competition held on 26th March 2019 at Dorbar Hall, Mawlynnong.
"said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: 190 personnel selected to serve the country in the Border Security Force (BSF) today completed special training at Satish Yadav STC BSF, Churachandpur. Manipur.
However, the government authorities have tried to clarify but in the view of the party, we still need them to do more.
Arman Ali, Chief Minister of the Union Government for Persons with Disabilities in India, has been informed of this incident.
Under the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, about Rs 2 lakh crore has been sent to the bank accounts of more than 11 crore farmers in the country.
However, the Gram Sabha scheme comes to recognize the Dorbar Shnongs to set up committees by holding elections within the villages where all the residents who have reached the age of 18 years can vote to elect the office bearers. you are a village.
Krem Pyrda 4) Religious Place of the Syiems of Nongkhlaw, 5) Nan Nongkhlaw 6) View Point David Scott Trail and Domiit 7) View Point – Mawiong & Ri-Bhoi 8) Rock Climbing 9) golf courses and other land can be built.
Regarding the MRSSA, the amendment has been sent to the Governor and the Governor has asked to send it to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government for approval from the President. to look in many directions.
The party strongly condemns such people and if found, the party will take strong action.
This Missionary does not have a proper place in the history of the Church, except for the cemetery on the cemetery of the Nongsawlia Presbyterian Church and the monument erected by the Nongsawlia Church in
Shillong, August 23: The Shillong Press Club has strongly condemned the rape of a journalist in Mumbai and the beating of her friends.
This decision was taken after the Deputy CEM, Bah PN Syiem, who is in charge of the Elaka, presented the report of the Delimitation Committee in the House, which was submitted to the Executive Committee of the Council on 8th November. .
Pa,im Mewel Shadap was elected as the Syiem of the Nongtung Raid in 2007. The raid extends to Block 2 in Karbi Anglong West District, Assam where there are 18 Khasi villages. type inside the raid.
Police have found that the child was abducted by Kingstone B Marak from Tikrikilla and taken to Williamnagar.
The Government's decision came after a mass protest by commercial taxi drivers at Barik, in front of the Civil Hospital Shillong, today, which led to heavy traffic jam in the city.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Government through the Department of Commerce and Industry has announced on 29th June 2019 that the land acquired by the Government to be recognized as Industrial Estates has been cancelled. Not on 26, Naitung 2019 The reason is that it has lost its meaning from the article which has caused misunderstanding.
" Reachingson said.
Bangladesh has accused India of arresting many Bangladeshis in India and abducting them. Now.
Fellow Indians, governments are known by the work they do in any place or for any nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Greatmercy Langte from Meghalaya has competed in the Spark Mrs Northeast India 2023 pageant which was held in Guwahati on Tuesday. 2023.
Two of these candidates are former Ministers PN Syiem and PT Sawkmie.
Before meeting with the CEM of KHADC, the party met with the Syiem of Riad Marwet, Bah KN Syiem, BDO of Umling. The owner of the land said that she had allowed them to stay for a while but now they have built a village.
This was announced by the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal in an interview with the media on Thursday.
Meghalaya is currently free of the disease and in the North East only Manipur is free of the disease while other states are still free. sted to the extreme extreme.
Tura MP Agatha Sangma has visited the affected areas and the MLAs of West Jaintia Hills have met him to discuss the disaster.
Instead, they appear to be isolated instances of liquid bitumen which have spilled during transportation of material.
The CSIR-CCMB has received support from various institutes and hospitals such as Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD), IISER-Berhapmur, CSIR-NEERI, GMCH-Nagpur, Genepath at Pune, IGGMSH & MAFSU, Nagpur and also Apollo Hospitals, Hyderabad.
On the other hand, AICC General Secretary Mukul Wasnik announced several projects introduced by the Congress party including NEIGRIHMS, NIFT, NIT, roads and others. to the public.
There is an urgent need for the KHADC authorities to encourage the Shnongs, Raids and Himas to hold IT equipment. zoom, or google meet to strengthen the Dorbar Hima Mylliem so that it will be alive and well according to the customs and traditions which includes from the Shnong, Raid and Hima including all the children of the Hima.
Therefore, the party is pleased to express its opposition and warn against those who practice religion and if found guilty, the party will not take strong action.
The Seng strongly condemns this as an attempt to kill all the members of this family and it has been planned without any solid basis by these gangs.
He wished her to continue to serve better to bring about cleanliness in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District in the future.
That means that the benefits of the state will be taken away in order to promote the self-organization throughout India.
To achieve the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make India a developed country by
After completing his studies, he registered with the Bar Council of Delhi in the same year and started his career as a lawyer, after about three years. He decided to join the judiciary and passed the examinations in 1997 and was first appointed as an Additional District Judge.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma told reporters that they will nominate a candidate for the post of Speaker, but the name has not been decided yet as they are still holding a meeting to take a decision.
In Ri Bhoi District, Syllei village in the presence of the village elders and civil society organizations held a tree planting along the Umtang River and also cleaned the village roads. The total number of trees planted was
Also present on the occasion were Pynshai Rani, Asst.Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, Forwardman Nongrem, President, Dusterwell K.Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary, KSU. including the village leaders of the area.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Khasi Students Union Nongtrai Unit together with the residents of the village today criticized Lafarge for failing to implement their demands to employ one of the households from the village. entrepreneur.
The selected institutions provide training in (1) General Awareness (2) General English, (3) Numerical Ability, (4) Shorthand and Typing, and (5) Basic knowledge in Computer (theory & practical) in order to to empower SC and ST students of Meghalaya who are looking for jobs to be ready to take the Competitive Examinations.
New Delhi, June 25: The stories that circulate in the market are often presented as truth.
Dear fellow citizens, our country has reached a point where we must be clear about all this.
According to information received from the NPP, many have proposed the name of Clement Momin, but a decision has not been taken yet as there have been discussions with other parties in the government. work in this election.
We have the same feelings as everyone else," he said.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Nineteen people have been tested positive for COVID-19 today, 210 have recovered and 588 are still in critical condition, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War.
The Chief Minister said that there is a need to implement the Roster to ensure that the communities in the state get their share allocated for the community and the implementation of the Roster is not beneficial. not only for any nation but there shall be order in the distribution of equal opportunities for all.
On the other hand, the Muktiar, Bah Latiplang, K Paul, has requested to postpone the hearing today as he could not attend the court for personal reasons.
This year, we have allocated a budget based on increased demand.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) from Assam could not find the body of the cowboy even after two days of searching. They requested the assistance of the Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of Meghalaya.
Police investigation revealed that the two men were leaders of the militant group operating in Manipur and Nagaland and were on their way to Guwahati. The Zeliangrong Tiger Force (ZTF) has been established.
I cannot say anything if anyone joins (to another party) because the Anti-Defection Act (in district councils) does not apply at all.
The meeting was conducted by the Editor Bah Maia Siangshai in the presence of all the staff of the newspaper.
Bah B Warjri of the HSPDP, who gave his support to the PDF on the opening day of the House, did not attend the House.
Homeowners and tenants can also register through the Mobile App by downloading from the website.
Berlin Lyngdoh passed away today and the funeral service will be held on the 20th of this month.
In his speech, the Prime Minister encouraged them to take part in such celebrations to discover their talents.
"“We have looked at all these aspects and we will be able to decide how to proceed with this because as the Government and as the Chief Minister of the State we would have liked to include Khasi as the Official Language. and Garo but what does that mean and how do we deal with the problems that will arise and if the writings come in Khasi and Garo how do the officers do that and what will happen to the rule of law,” he said. 17: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has said that while the Government has not dropped all the cases against the leaders or while the social ceasefire agreement has not been signed, the Chairman or General Secretary of the The HNLC will not be able to take part in the talks.
If anyone knows that they can come to work within 60 days, they will be allowed to submit for registration.
In his speech, Pokhriyal urged all stakeholders to use this preparation as a guideline for bringing about changes in school education.
Rev.B Lyngdoh, while launching the book, expressed his satisfaction to see that Dr Toi has been able to express through this book about the life of Anne Jones and this is a great blessing to the Everyone.
Shillong, July 22: All the political parties in the MDA government have expressed their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act,
Police are still fighting to arrest the suspects who fled the scene.
In the Third Division, 637 males and 674 females passed and 1311 passed.
We must be an example to others not to hate the environment in order to preserve it as it is and if we do too much it will become a threat to the future generations.
Mawngap, June 21: U Bai Taba, General Secretary of the Indigenous Faith Society of Arunachal Pradesh (IFA) in his speech at the 32nd meeting of the Seng Khihlang held at Mawngap today, said that The Arunachal Pradesh government has set up a special department to look after and preserve those who still hold to the traditional religion.
Aashish also scored 34 runs, Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria scored 57 runs from 18 balls and this helped the team to score 47/5
Speaking in the House while presenting the budget, Gigur said that the expenditure for this fiscal year is estimated at T.19,49, 766, 210/- tyngka and the revenue is T.19,49,766,210/-. They have estimated that they will receive T.19,49,749,210/- this year.
Prestone said the meeting decided to strengthen the presence of police patrols around Shillong and said that the patrol will be 24 hours for the sake of security to the people.
Members of CoMSO have been demanding ILP since they demanded ILP. On this day, members of CoMSO went to Bivar Road to hold a protest carrying flags and placards to show that the people of the state want ILP. The Union Minister should inform the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah that the people want the ILP in Meghalaya.
Therefore, all are urged to attend this protest to convey to the government the problems they are facing.
He said that the counting of votes went smoothly in both the District Council houses. He said that there were no untoward incidents. The counting of votes went smoothly in all the constituencies in these two constituencies. three District Councils.
Many attacks on female students have been committed by this robber who is trying to violate his duty just to satisfy his own interests,” said NEHUTA. Security-in-charge and the question now is about the welfare of more women. students of this university and who take part in sports and other activities within the university," said the statement. mistake your own authority to attack the longryngieng.
The party won two seats but lost its candidate in the following years. It was founded by Bah Sounder Strong Cajee and is now with the TMC. In 2002, the Meghalaya Democratic Party was formed. Party (MDP) This party emerged after the MLAs left the UDP party and formed the MDP party. In the 2003 elections this party did not win elections.
This sudden change of color of the river has caused another widespread death of fish which has caused a lot of concern to the residents of the nearby villages.
He also requested other friends to visit these children at this place and to donate to them.
South Korea is the participating country in this year's Cherry Blossom Festival.
This training has been very useful to these farmers from the rural areas of Mawkyrwat, Mairang and those who are traditional healers from the rural areas.
The plane flew at an altitude of 2 kilometers above sea level and at a speed of about 800 kilometers per hour.
Shillong, April 01: Dr. Flor.
Shillong, March 25: The Farmers Association Adgre (FAA) has seized 5 lakh tyngka allegedly sent by the branch manager of Lukhi Branch to the leaders of the association to silence the fraud. in the area allegedly the leaders of the party.
In which foreigners have been able to touch the brothers and sisters of the people.
Many of the residents who went to the hospital in Mawdiangdiang said that if the authorities from Delhi don't come, the work will stop. If the government does this to the roads in Shillong, and those in the countryside shall speak no more.
Nongstoin, Nailur 16: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) of West Khasi Hill District has announced that there will be an office blockade on the 23rd and 24th of this month. .
He said that even the developed countries of the world are now finding it difficult to fight against the pollution caused by plastic, so we must understand that plastic is a threat not only to the environment but also to the people. man is the same.
The court has ordered the police to investigate Bernard for another six days on the recovery of explosives and ammunition from the premises belonging to Bernard. him.
He said it is necessary to promote digital payment systems to prevent the spread of the disease.
The ICYM Zone 5 has honored the youth who have contributed to the Seng and to the community.
Shillong, July 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will visit Tura to open the Meghalaya Games
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) in collaboration with Axis Bank today held a meeting to discuss the issue of bike riders. to distribute food items to 70 households in Mawlai Umsaw and Mawjynrong.
The Chief Ministers of the States have praised the leadership of the Prime Minister during this time of crisis, and also expressed the efforts they have taken in the fight against the disease.
Police said that Shiningstar is a man involved in many crimes and the child who was killed is the brother of his ex-husband. long with your old friend.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to send the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bill,
MUDRA is a success story that shows how determination in political activities can meet social circumstances to bring about positive, sustainable and systemic change.
The Chief Minister said in the House that it is not easy to accommodate all the residents who have returned to their home state. There are about 7000 Community COVID-19 Committees in the state.
The special allocation for the states of the region will transform the income and society of the farmers and create job opportunities in the palm oil fields along with the improvement of livelihoods, he said. Minister.
Another special feature is that this campaign is still working for the welfare of the cleaners – SafaiMitra.
The gold medal winners were Sameer Thakur, Bantei Bahunlang, Amar Jyoti, Francis Hek, Raunak Sharma, Rohit Rawani, Ajit Giri, Vishal Rai, Arjun Rana, Bikash Barua and Ujjal Barua.
During the inspection, the members of the union found that there is a deterioration of these uranium waste dumps and there is a difference between the destruction of these uranium dumps in the past and now. and in the past.
There have been 6 recoveries from East Khasi Hills today, bringing the total number of recoveries in Meghalaya to
Bedbugs CP 5 Malaria CP 6.
Other PAC members, Renikton L Tongkhar, George B Lyngdoh and Zenith M Sangma were also present at the meeting. Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The residents of the border area of ​​Mawsynram Constituency have benefited greatly from the visit of senior officers of the Water Department. Resources (WR) in relation to various schemes for the benefit of the farmers.
The DCA has directed all those who will contest the election, and the political parties to follow.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Sordar of Mawamram, Bah Sherborlang L Mawlong, in the presence of the Sordar of Sohphoh Pyrton, Kyllang-Jasap, on Tuesday said that the Hima Lyngdoh Sohiong has been able to provide the The entire boundary between these three villages is Mawmaram, Kyllang-Jasap and Sohphoh Pyrton.
The newly joined Congress members were welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H. Pala who is also the Indian National Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong. The seat will be held on the 19th of June.
At the same time, the Prime Minister congratulated all the people who have given their support at this time.
Shillong, March 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will take action to ensure that the people of the state should not suffer in connection with the Passport Seva Kendra. in Lachumier.
Other news reports said that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma wants to open the Mawlai C&RD Block but the location of the Mawlai C&RD Block has not yet been decided. Therefore, you must be in Mawpat or Mawtawar.
Training will also be given to those SSA teachers who have just registered for the online D.El.
It is to be recalled that the RTI received clearly states the involvement of the Forest Department in a letter written to the Director of Industries and the Single Window Agency on 14th November He suggested to approve the proposal of MS Cement Manufacturing Co Ltd to set up a dewbilat factory.
The meeting was also attended by Major General PK Saini, Commanding General Officer, Headquarters 101 Area and other senior army chiefs.
Shillong, Nailur 24: A four-day meeting between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Bangladesh Border Guard (BSF) started today in Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: The FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District has said that it wants development works and not to bring a camp or residence of the ANVC-B in the area. SWKH District still needs a lot of development works as it is a new district.
The train, which was carrying people from Meghalaya and other North East states, left Gurugram for Guwahati but arrived at Danapur station in Bihar. the Rel has been destroyed.
“We have never opposed Hindi.
Police have tried to question him but he said he does not know what happened to him because the pla he was carrying on his body was there, but only the date was missing.
In his speech, Om Birla spoke about the contributions of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, PA Sangma.
He said that this is wrong and that this is the way, in the Khasi politics, he said that on this the party urges to take action.
According to the complaint of the mother, the suspect had committed the crime at her house at MeECL Colony in Lum Sharisha. fear they delayed this complaint.
“The Prime Minister said that the central government has spent T.7 lakh crore on infrastructure alone this year, while eight years ago this expenditure was less than T.2 lakh crore.
I would like to say I don't want to be too specific, especially in the most conflict-affected areas, where we will once again see a slight decrease in conflict," he added.
He praised the Ministry of Textiles of the Government of India under the leadership of the Minister of Textiles, Smriti Irani for its hard work to promote the textile industry in the country and especially to promote the traditional styles of Indian clothing.
The tournament, which started on 25th November, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
“The KSU members have gone to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills for permission and he has sent it to the Chief Electoral Officer.
Evanisha Pathaw was awarded as “MISS BEAUTY WITH BRAIN” in the Cultural Program for her beautiful songs, while Bakhiamon Rynjah was awarded as the Leader of Traditional Khasi Dances. to all the spectators around the country who were there.
Regarding the third issue regarding the removal of Asha.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, said that the Governor of Meghalaya has started sending the Bill to the Home Ministry of the Union Government. He said that the Governor should approve the Bill.
However, the government has not taken any action to improve this road.
The PM MITRA Parks have opened the door to introducing an integrated textiles value chain from the manufacture of knitwear.
He said that the government has talked to the central government to change some of the rules regarding the transportation of siej from one place to another, as one state has One law and one state have one law, even between Meghalaya and Assam.
During the protest, journalists in Guwahati threw iong scarves to cover their mouths.
Police have recovered an INSAS rifle and several other weapons from the suspects. The group formed last year after leaving the GNLA. (SP News ).
Therefore, the Seng Samla Seng Khasi Seng Kmie invites and invites all the young men and women of the Seng Khasi branches from all over the country to come and take part so that the good intentions will be successful. walk orderly as if you were not able.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that the Central Government will provide strong support for the Games.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The National People's Youth Party (NPYF) today said that the party has already received permission from the MUDA office to build its office. party and also a letter of no complaint from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the construction of the office.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong on the situation in Manipur, Om Birla called for peace.
The FKJGP has alleged that the employees of the office have done too much to the extent that many of the people have complained about the delay, the lack of attention to the problems faced by the people when they go to the office especially those who come from in the rural area.
The figures on the incidents of crime recorded by the BSF in the state, such as Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya and Mizoram should be submitted to the DGP of West Bengal. long to be able to track down criminals at the borders.
New Delhi, June 13: I will leave for the United Arab Emirates on 13-14 June and Qatar on 14-15 June.
The AJYWO said that it will not sit idly by but will continue to urge the government to open and fully implement the 100 bedded hospital in Khliehriat.
“The North East needs a good road and recently it has started moving forward in this direction.
The death toll from West Khasi Hills District has risen to 1465 with one death today, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
“What is needed is for all the three District Council authorities and the State Government authorities to think how to improve and strengthen the implementation of these Hima Acts and Rules which have already been enacted, which do not exist and which have already been implemented.
All these delays have also affected the time and cost of the work where the company will not be able to complete the work at a cost of T.91.26 crore on the 4-lane 11 km road, from the The NHIDCL is now preparing to call another tender for the construction of this road.
Shillong, July 17: AICC member Takam Sanjoy on Tuesday said that the Congress party has decided to storm the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) offices across India tomorrow morning. In Shillong, the Congress leaders will also leave for the closing ceremony at 10.30 am tomorrow.
New Delhi, November 30: Union Minister Anurag Singh Thakur today launched the Calendar 2024 of the Union Government under the theme “HamaraSankalpViksit Bharat”.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, SP City BD Marak said that the investigation into the incident at Dhanketi last night is ongoing. After the investigation, the incident will be reported.
The PWD will do its utmost to complete the construction of this road within a day.
On the other hand, the CS has directed the banks to talk to the Deputy Commissioners how to deliver the money to the rural markets especially on market days in areas where there are no banks. of the police.
In fact, the District Council is the protector of the land, but its powers have been weakened over the years.
However, after the cleaning, the road to the village has started to become dirty again.
When he met with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he said there is no need to discuss this, if it is, he will read it, say it is, if it is not, say it.
The four organizations expect the Prime Minister to find ways and means to resolve these issues which are a threat to the electricity sector in the coming days.
Speaking to media, Shylla said the Executive Committee has received the report today and it will be submitted to the EC for consideration before being submitted to the Legislative Assembly. to accept it.
Umkhang Primary Unit, President Poben Amsong, Gen Secretary Gubita Amsong and 23 members.
Dispensaries and pharmacies to vaccinate Ksew as soon as possible to protect them from the disease.
Mr. FR Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary, Arts & Culture Department and others will also serve as Commissioner & Secretary Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department.
“We don't have anything against the applicant but she should go in the right direction.
“I have taken this seriously and I have spoken to the central government authorities to have trade relations with Bangladesh. The road to Gashuapara has been constructed and so has the Ranikor and Borsora areas,” he said.
Chairman of MCAB, Bah W Kyndiah, while talking to SP News Agency, said that out of its 46 branches, about 30 branches will be able to start Core Banking in November. the remaining 16 will be tackled as soon as possible before 31 June 2013.
This figure is also true for Meghalaya and the government department has struggled to find ways and means to preserve the water supply.
In the standing category, Johnborlang Pyngrope, Nihi Lamare and Marelad Kanai won.
The house belongs to Thir Nongrum. At the time of the incident, Thir Nongrum was going to get water.
Police have arrested Bah Lymba from Dawki village, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday night within 24 hours of the IED bomb blast near the Syndicate Bus Stand in Iewmawlong on Saturday night. .
Edmund Khongngai said that one of the demands of the party is to resolve the border with Bangladesh and the party demands that the government should set up a zero point border. Not 150 yards from the zero point because this will destroy the people because they will lose their land to Bangladesh.
This year, a total of 71129 participants came from 288 Colleges and 731 Schools under 45 NCC units/8 Gp HQs covering the nine states of the region.
For Upper Primary School students, the textbooks required are English (2 languages), Mathematics, Science and Social Studies for Class Vi and Mathematics, Science and Social Studies for Class Viii. only in hindi court.
At the same time, the Secretary of the TMC party informed that the party has received these 12 MLAs who have joined the party TMC. letter from the Secretary of the TMC party welcoming 12 MLAs to the party.
The Chief Minister said that such celebrations have been held across the state to celebrate the 50th Anniversary and the celebration of the 50th Anniversary will be held on 21st July and the Tribal Research Institute (TRI), Chidikgre, Babadam.
It will also contribute to the improvement of the working methods of the Government.
It may be recalled that earlier this year, the GNLA had opened fire on the same area but with the presence of the police, they were able to protect the area. it was the second time.
However, a rumor spread on social media that it was the Kharmetor who caused the trouble but this has not been confirmed yet.
All the colleges in Tura have taken part in this competition.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) has renewed its office bearers in Mairang village. The visit was to renew the office bearers of the party in Mairang. Circle.
The union has taken this step after seeing on social media about Heprit Christopher Warpde, 9 years old, who has been forced to leave and support his family due to the death of his family. the Mother and the suffering of the Father.
The Chief Minister said that the people will now see many development projects where banks will come to open their branches as many of the schemes of the government have been completed. money to people's accounts.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the result of the second test of the last case of COVID-19 has been received and it has shown that he is still positive.
BJP spokesperson from Delhi Sambit Patra said, “According to the directive of National President JP Nadda, the BJP will support the NPP candidates in Meghalaya, namely in Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
He said that if anyone is found in the state , the BJP will condemn and express its opposition to those involved in corruption do what you have to do without forgiving anyone.
The reason why the KSU Mawlong Unit has withdrawn from the party is because of the problems that have arisen within the party in the past few days. The KSU has unanimously decided to leave the KSU. These are the office bearers and members of the KSU. KSU Mawlong Unit President Rangdajied Chyne, General Secretary Banshan Khyllep, Vice President Tarruilus Khyllep, Asst General Secretary Comely Khyllep, Sports Secretary Playerson Jitem and Publicity Secretary Kyrshanlang Lyngskor, Finance Secretary Komost Dkhar and one or two members of the Unit resigned on the evening of the meeting.
This is the first time that Umkor-Urksew Pynursla Football Club has invited this tournament since its inception in
When the KSU members surrounded the vehicle, the Union Minister got out of the vehicle and spoke to the KSU leaders at the scene and expressed his understanding of the demands of the people. The KSU members have been carrying placards during the visit of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. KSU members demanded that the government should implement the ILP. One of the KSU leaders said that the KSU demands that the government should implement the ILP. The ILP should be implemented in the state as the state government has already accepted the decision to implement the ILP. Your organization believes that this will not be a promise.
It was also witnessed that school children and residents could not help but walk through the water that had accumulated in the middle of the road amidst the heavy rainfall to reach their destinations.
Shillong, March 01: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, today visited the Assam Rifles, one of the oldest armed forces in the country. Saturday in Laitkor.
Tembe also wished the children to have a healthy body and to be able to focus on their studies.
The new unit is known as the KSU Tyrsad Umkseh Unit which falls under the jurisdiction of the KSU Tyrsad Circle which is also the ninth unit of the KSU Tyrsad Circle. Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie, who took part in the confirmation and swearing-in ceremony of these new members, Samla Dakishan Malngiang Asst Office Secretary KSU Sengkmie. , Samla Pynshaborlang Rani, Assistant Education Secretary KSU Mawprem Circle, Samla Shngaiñ Sohkhlet, President KSU Upper Shillong Circle, Samla Khraw Rynjah, General Secretary KSU Mawprem Circle and other members of KSU Mawprem Circle. KSU Executive Members from other Circles and Units.
He said that they understand that in this state the land belongs to the people, therefore there is a need to work with the state government for the welfare of the people of this state as a whole.
Shillong, November 20: The first Orange Festival in Meghalaya which was held today at Madan Polo attracted the attention of the people of Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were school children, women's organizations, village leaders, leaders of Kur Langstang, Suiam, Swer, teachers, JSM, KSU Laskein Circle and others.
The cause of the overturning of the vehicle was said to be due to a collision of the vehicle, which was heading from Shillong to Umsning.
He said that the vision of the organization to open up opportunities and to give the opportunity to the youth to showcase their talents and to develop their talents is very important in this era. Now that if the youth work hard and use their talents properly they can not only support their families but also bring the honor and reputation of the nation.
Speaking on the partnership between the Central and State Governments, she said that this has increased the opportunities for farmers and officials for investment.
On the other hand, the NPYF is not protecting anyone, as the NPYF will be happy if anyone goes to complain to the law enforcement authorities, but to accuse and insult anyone. “It's not pleasant,” said Bah Kitborlang Nongrem while talking to reporters at the party office today.
I commend them and it is important that we bring about some changes.
Caption: Girls playing hockey in Laitumkhrah and Bah Budraplang Nongrum presenting certificate.
On the 27th June 2021 at the 10Meter Indoor Precision Shooting Range in Demthring, 12 shooters competed in the 10Meter Indoor Precision Shooting Range. Air Rifle competition and seven (7) shooters took part in the 10 Meter Air Pistol.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested three persons from a bus (AS-01-KC-0299) while searching Night Super vehicles coming from Agartala in Ratachehra. go to Guwahati.
Referring to Simon Siangshai, he said that it was during his tenure as Minister in charge of Factories that the first cement factory, Star Cement, was established in East Jaintia Hills District. There is a way of thinking to bring entrepreneurs to the state to create jobs for the youth.
This will also help that there will be a competition between schools and the prize will be in cash.
These are just to educate the public so that the Government of India can implement pre-uranium mining projects in the state and especially in parts of Wahkaji area, South West Khasi Hills District.
As a responsible Opposition, we will ensure that this Government does not treat the people in this way," the statement said.
The police have sent more police to the area to curb the violence and ensure peace and order in the area on the border with Bangladesh.
I telephoned the Officer Incharge, he didn't answer the phone even though it rang and at 7 pm when I went to the Police Station to investigate.
On this occasion, the MLA launched the Work Order for the construction of the Additional Building of the school at the cost of Rs.200,000/- as his contribution from the SRWP Scheme.
The Chief Minister said that the government has taken this step because of the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the area as it borders with the government of Guwahati. The Government has taken this decision to impose a curfew and at the same time has authorized the DC not to see if there is a need to extend the curfew.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stressed the need to address the challenges faced by women in accessing financial services, self-employment and employment. .
Shillong, July 13: A mother named Sikon Katoki has lodged a complaint with Laban Police Station on Friday morning at 4.30 pm. They turned their faces to unknown men and covered their ksair.
The Umpdeng area includes Sohmylleng, Sohjarang, Nongkseh, Nongkhla and Law Huleng village which is about 49 km from Mairang village.
He said that the Central Government's visit to the North East came after Narendra Modi came to power as Prime Minister in 2014 with the introduction of the North Eastern Region. The scheme will bring about change in the North East of India.
The death toll has risen to 1474 with one death from East Khasi Hills District, the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills District which has risen to
During the inspection, in the presence of the Magistrate, the police found that many of the shops were owned by foreigners. khasi don't believe it's yours.
The principle of the union of chiefs that we work with on the border, that is my principle and I will not change from that," he maintained.
It is learned that only one person has submitted his nomination papers for the Rangbah Shnong Umsning election. Kharpran said that the date for the election of the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning on the 29th of this month has not yet been fixed. It is the final decision because they have to look at the situation of COVID-1
Shillong, November 09: Former Minister of State and former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla today convened a meeting to discuss Article 19 (5) of the Constitution. Constitution of the Country.
Shillong, July 24: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJA) today issued a letter to the people on how to elect their Leader and MLA in the election to be held on the 27th of June. , This statement was signed by Rev NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary, Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly.
Suchiang said that although Prestone Tynsong has promised to repair the road.
Their demand will also cause disruption to other PWD departments including the office of the Superintending Engineer PWD, the Treasury and other government departments related to the PWD. PWD.On the other hand, how does the Union say that the presence of this Division in Jowai has caused congestion in the city, while the leaders of the Union of Dorbar Shong Shangpung claim that they don't know which areas are congested in Jowai. Jowai and anywhere else you have this office.
Speaking briefly at the festival of these schools at Umsaw, Mawlai, Bah Sawkmie said that the village is peaceful and peaceful because of the presence of many schools.
It is for this reason that India is called the 'Mother of Democracy'
Whatever decision we take, it is always in the best interest of everyone," he added.
Shillong, Nailur 7: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of State for Information Technology Ashwin Vaishnaw to propose more mobile towers in Meghalaya.
These incidents have upset and upset the students as well as the public,” said Bah Jyrwa.
He said that the Umsning Town Dorbar has prepared a DPR for the new market. Once the construction of the market is completed, all the vendors will move to the new market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The India@75 BRO Motorcycle Expedition was welcomed today in Shillong, Meghalaya.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Vivek Syiem, told SP News Agency that police have seized a vehicle suspected to have collided with a bike near Military. Shillong Hospital which led to the death of the driver of the bike.
This is what the group has informed the Minister to look into.
This can be confusing for many writers especially school children.
Shillong, July 25: The management of NEIGRIHMS on 22nd July 2022 has issued a directive as approved by the relevant authorities that all employees are expected to be vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-1 .
Shillong, Naitung 02: The returning office of Iswanda has not yet filed its nomination papers for the mid-term MLA elections from 35-Ranikor constituency. Men.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The two-day training for the newly elected MLAs of Meghalaya to the 15th Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has started today and will end tomorrow.
“Congratulations to the East Khasi Hills Police who have seized drugs worth T.2 crore from a drug dealer in Mawryngkneng today.
The seven soldiers who sacrificed their lives to defend the country in the fight against insurgents are Subedar Baldev Kumar Sharma from Himachal Pradesh, Havildar Surjit Barla from Jharkhand and Rifleman Pawan Kumar from J&K. , Rifleman Mahesh Gurung from Uttrakhand, Rifleman Bhupinder Singh from Himachal Pradesh and Rifleman Akhilesh Kumar Pandey from Bihar, all of them from the 29th Assam Rifles were returning from the fighting. Tegnoupal Police Station of Chandel District on the 22nd of this month.
Shillong, July 04: At a meeting held in Shillong on Tuesday, which was attended by more than 1000 doctors from all over India, they said that the number of diabetes patients in the country is By 2030, it will reach 130 million.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: Police of West Khasi Hills District have conducted a check on vehicles to ensure the smooth running of the MP elections 2024 to the Lok Sabha. suspicious.
The funeral service will be held on the 12th November, 2020 at the Catholic Church Cemetery, Madanriting at 2 pm.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 126 today, 61 from East Khasi Hills, 40 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 79,5
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of South West Khasi Hills District will hold a public meeting at Mawkyrwat on 9.9.17 at 11 am.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Block Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) 17-North Shillong Constituency today was confirmed by the State President of the National People's Party (NPP) DrWR Kharlukhi at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor said that the expectation is to increase the production of tit from 27 metric tonnes to 5000 metric tonnes within five years.
Shillong, March 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today inaugurated the CM-Elevate scheme at Jowai West Jaintia Hills District. .300 crore as subsidy.
On the other hand, the Pastor said that the laws are man-made and can have many changes for the good, the laws that implement them should be well maintained and not “I don't want to be a fundraiser,” said the Pastor.
Mawsor said the central government has declared this road as a National Highway and why is the state government delaying? The State Government has followed up with the Central Government as all these have been done by the Central Government.
U-19 Women Best Batter – Laishram Linthoingambi Chanu (Manipur), Best Bowler – Sabita Luitel (Sikkim), Best Wicketkeeper – Aakriti Sharma (Sikkim).
We will take the steps we should take.
She also suggested that there should be a recruitment process for casual, contractual and non-permanent employees working in government schools and others if the period is more than 30 days and if possible. to update the time of work.
At the meeting, Shri SC Marak, Chairman, MSPB, urged the government officers in the district to help the poor and needy people and congratulated all those who gave their suggestions on how to improve their livelihoods. The MSPB will conduct a thorough review and send an immediate report on the DPDC to the State Government.
He also promised to take these findings to the Government authorities. Speaking and present were Bah H Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, Member of Raid Umket Dorbar, and others.
NACO has conducted this survey every two years in collaboration with the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and the National Institute of Medical Statistics (NIMS).
From Meghalaya, the award ceremony was attended by the Environmental Engineer of Moolamylliang, Bah S Syiem and the Principal of Synod College Shillong, Dr. RM Lyngdoh.
The purpose of this fund is to treat the water so that it is safe for drinking.
Several groups have been selected to receive support from children and teachers on a monthly basis.
They will leave for Delhi tomorrow morning.
Cardinal Charles Maung Bo SDB, DD said that he has heard from Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala SDB DD that he has not prayed to God about this religious state and now it is empty. he was present in this prayer.
The Chief Minister said he has already directed the Additional Chief Engineer of the Western Range to convene a meeting with the contractor and something should be done to punish the contractor.
Jeremy Khongjee, Banatimon Mawlong, Mangkara Khongthohrem, Brandon Sunn, Phidalin Kharsyntiew, Mewanpynbhalang Tham and others will also be featured in the film.
The Committee also recommended to the Government through this report that the Government should appoint an independent committee or any other competent committee to investigate the radiation levels in the uranium deposit. and if this is done, it must take the trust of the people of the area.
One is the rejection of the Government's order to introduce the Administrator Rule in KHADC, and the other is the delay in the approval of the Ordinance, because in both these cases, there is a lack of work. We know that they are no longer fighting against us by force as in the past (1979) but they are working in such ways.
Especially in relation to the Draft Indian Forest Act 2019 and the suspension of the Resolution of the Meghalaya Assembly dated 13 April 2000 to urge the Government of India through the President of India to exempt Meghalaya from the Forest Conservation Act The UK & J (Management and Control of Forest) Act 1958 is not allowed.
Now it is up to Bah Mawrie and Bah Hek to explain because Bah Hek himself told me this,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Nababharat Education Council, Anupoorna Bhawan, Plot No.242, Water Tank Road, Shaktinagar, Rourkela-769014.23.
In the second half, Shillong Lajong FC played well and beat TRAU FC in the 86th minute. Lajong had a shot that went straight to Thomas Singh Thounaojam of TRAU FC and the ball went into his own net.
It is learned that during their appearance today, the police have asked a thorough investigation regarding the march and how the incident occurred and he has answered what he is. to answer.
During the meeting with the Union Minister, the Chief Minister and the Cabinet agreed with the Union Minister to urge the Union Government to release the coal mining in the state, along with environmental protection measures to ensure that environmental protection and income generation go hand in hand.
The design of this shop reflects the richness of the culture of the three ethnic groups of Meghalaya, the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo. in a contemporary manner; which is something that truly shows the connection of the state with its ancient roots.
Regular monitoring of the use of 10% GBS is mandatory in conjunction with revision of policies.
Shillong, July 9: The Bansara Eye Care Center in collaboration with the World Diabetes Foundation, Denmark, will hold a free eye treatment on the 16th of this month at Youth Hostel Shillong.
The most prominent candidates in the election include Chief Executive Member MB Rymbai, former CEMs Hambertus Nongtdu and Moonlight Pariat.
Upon arrival at the office, the party will hold a short program followed by the ceremony of tyngshops.
After the ceremony, the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh O.Pyngrope took part in raising the flag of the Seng Khasi and followed by the dance.
Shillong, Lber 03: Two women MDCs have been elected to the two District Councils of JHADC and KHADC on Saturday. In JHADC in the last Assembly, Violet Lyngdoh was the only female MDC in the Assembly but this time she has been defeated. The defeat of the JHADC in the current Assembly does not have any MDCs from the women's category.
This does not mean that we don't want a good road in this area because as I said earlier we want the government to clean up only the road that doesn't exist and if the government doesn't do this it will decide not to The improvement of this road will show that the government only wants to facilitate the transportation of uranium but not that it has a responsibility to facilitate the transportation of uranium. If the MoRTH issues a notification that the construction of the road should not allow uranium mining, will the union continue to oppose or allow the construction of the road? Answer : If it is still a two lane, we will continue our protest but we are ready to support the government or the Ministry of Roads, Transport & Highway if it removes the two lane and improves it. First, only those that do not exist and that will come through the State Government and the relevant departments of the State Government.
One BSF soldier in Shillong today tested positive for COVID-19, while another BSF soldier from Bihar who lives in Umroi, Ri Bhoi District has tested positive for COVID-1 positive COVID-19 test.
This city is not just for a few, but for all citizens.
The Princess on her arrival in Meghalaya today left for Mawphlang to visit the Lawkyntang which is located in this place which is famous not only as a Lawkyntang but also as a forest. It is a clean and sacred place where no unclean deeds are allowed in this place and this has brought fame to this Lawkyntang within the Mawphlang Hima.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has alleged that it is the BJP party that is electing Congress MLAs.
They said they did not trust the government's investigation.
There is no such thing as a worldwide organization that cannot be used alone.
Regarding the issuance of permits, he said that the price of the permit is 25 tyngka but because it is so sop, the price of the permit is up to 2 lakh tyngka.
New Delhi, June 18: The Asian Center for Human Rights (ACHR) today submitted a petition to the President of India Pranab Mukherjee demanding that he should find ways and means to eradicate the and he shall smite the wicked with the sword.
On this occasion, training was given to the people on how to take care of themselves. The MLCU also distributed medicines to the residents of Umkdait.
The Chief Minister congratulated the employees of MeECL for working hard even during this Christmas season to deliver electricity to the villages which have been affected by the floods. transformer installation.
This relationship cannot be denied, the intelligence agencies are looking into this matter to find out the truth.
Before the closing ceremony, a welcome speech was delivered by Samla Mac Donald Jitem, General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Mawiongrim Unit.
First, the country has surpassed last year’s peak Covid cases and the rise in cases has been more efficient than before.
To achieve this objective, the government will now provide assistance to clubs, which they have to start from the villages, blocks, districts and at the state level.
The list of 928 items includes items of importance to the country such as goods and consumer goods, with exports amounting to T 715 crore.
Minica Chandan, the organizer of the event, said that as India will celebrate its 75th Independence Day, there will be 75 performers on this day. years on the 15th of this month.
Hundreds of people have come out to take part in this rally to express their sorrow when such incidents happen and this may be due to the lack of attention of MeECL. the work you must do.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Cornad, presented the award to the people of the state and at the same time congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for the award. .
This alliance between the BJP and the NPP is only a misleading attempt to mislead the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Pohshna in a statement sent to the media.
The opening ceremony was attended by the MLA of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who unfurled the flag as a sign to start the competition.
“Maj.
If the LJP comes to power, it will turn first to the rural areas.
The election for the Chairman of the KHADC will be held tomorrow morning at 11 am. The election for the Chairman of the KHADC including the Congress and HSPDP has led to the absence of candidates. The Chairman of the KHADC has won the election without any objection and tomorrow morning it will have to be announced in the House.
This has seriously affected the children of thousands who have to spend lakhs of rupees to register land in two or three places, this has affected the Khadar administration of the Hima/Elaka and the District Council.
Shillong, Jn 26, 2023: The State Tobacco Control Cell (STCC) of Meghalaya has been recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) for its efforts to reduce tobacco consumption.
It was the first time that the students and teachers brought their own tree seedlings from their own place and to climb the hill nearly two km to climb to Lum Umthli and plant the seedlings from that area. region.
The union came after a thorough discussion between these youths and Bah Phyrnai Swer who is the leader of the organization to demand from the government the rights of the people of this area as mentioned above. Other leaders who attended the ceremony were Bah Justice Paul Lyngdoh of the KSU who took the oath of office.
Otherwise, the government's plan will not be able to do anything.
In this inspection of the work permits of foreign workers across the workplaces within the jurisdiction of the Circle, the union found that almost all the work permits have not been issued. work permit.
Shillong, June 07: All government offices and schools as well as courts in Ri Bhoi District will be closed on the 10th of June for the sake of the joy of my soul.
Even the road which started from SBI bank Raliang to Mookyndeng village, Nongkynrih has not started yet even though the order to build it has been in place since the election, it has surprised the people. residents in connection with this.
He said the initiation of programs like the Ujjwala Yojana and Saubhagya Yojana empowers the people.
Now the promise has ended but it is time for them to fulfill their promises to the people.
However, the question is why the government has not invited them to come and work with the government to provide staff in the Corona Care and even in the Community Isolation Centres, as they know that the nurses and doctors are the front lines. who are fighting hard to cure the sick especially those who have suffered from this disease.
The collection of money from different people these days comes from many places.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Anita Shangpliang, 14, has gone missing from her home since 10th October this year and is suspected to have gone with another man. He was known as Majidul Khan.
The Prime Minister also laid wreaths at the statue of Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, former President of India. celebrate Teachers' Day across the country.
For a modern, prosperous and inclusive society, characterized by ways of working that look first to the welfare of people.
Shillong, Nailur 07: A meeting between the Meghalaya government and the Shillong All Faith Forum today discussed the issue of opening places of worship in Meghalaya.
During this visit, the Chief Minister honored the Father of the Nation in Kareli together with the Minister of State for Child Development of Gujarat, Vibhavari Dave. maintained and maintained by the Government of Gujarat.
In the joy of independence, it was forgotten to look into and implement the provisions of the IOA & AA of 17 Aug
These are guidelines related to Law and Order, checkpoints at inter-state and national border areas for effective surveillance, sharing of information between neighboring districts about bandits and rioters, closure of inter-state border areas to prevent illegal voting in the 48 hours before the polls, regular meetings between district authorities falling within the border areas, strengthening of police patrolling of border districts, additional check posts at appropriate places in coordination with border states, closure of their border The Excise Commissioners of the border States/UTs shall verify the authenticity of the permits, and conduct searches of liquor shops especially in the border districts. provision of weapons and execution of Non-Bailable Warrants, punishment of robbers, those involved in election riots, ensuring the safety of political party workers / candidates according to their understanding hazard.
The sale deed has not been registered or Stamp Duty has been paid.
Due to the severity of the fire, fire trucks were called to spray water on the area to clean up and a police report regarding the fire is ongoing.
On the other hand, the convener of the meeting, Bah Joannes JTL Lamare, said that according to the RTI filed by them, it was found that the production of dewbilat from MCCL for the year 2018-19 is up to 27 metric tonnes and in 2019-20 the production of dewbilat has reached 44 metric tonnes which shows that there is an increase in the production of dewbilat from MCCL but why the government has shut down saying that MCCL cannot produce more dewbilat.
The Cabinet today decided to amend the Meghalaya Forest Regulation Act 1973, which has not been amended for more than 50 years. the amendment will empower forest department officers to arrest violators.
He added that by turning the yard into a tourist attraction, the revenue would be collected.
There are nine houses that have been constructed for the purpose of maintaining the Khasi medicine in the area and all these houses have been completed.
Besides the lack of roads, it has put the people in trouble for their regular jobs. For this reason, this demand is justified for the people. They hope that this time they will get the wishes of the people.
During the investigation, the suspects have confessed that they used a vehicle number AS-19A-9080 from Assam. to seize two bikes used by these smugglers.
New Delhi, Naitung 13: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held talks with the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States on the current situation of COVID-1
The central theme of these workshops was, “To facilitate the exchange of best practices in the teaching of Physiology.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on the 4th of March and end on the 21st.
Meanwhile, UDP Umsning President Gilbert Nongrum has resigned from the post and hundreds of UDP members have left the party.
Ms Suk said it is their duty to enter the villages to help the people in the villages who have been allowed to conduct this free health service.
The first Sordar of this village was (L) Bah Plison Khongsit who ruled without a certificate from 1990-2004 followed by Bah Teiborlang Wankhar from that year and continues until now.
Prestone said that as the chairman he has submitted the report to the government, now the village is in the government to study and later they will take it to the cabinet for discussion. He said that he wants to have an early discussion on the HLC report. On the mass protest regarding the Motor Area which the government has recognized as Harijan Colony which happened in 2018, the Government has appointed a High Level Committee headed by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
“At present, we cannot say whether he has a hand or not.
Speaking to reporters within hours of the Election Commission of India announcing the date of the Lok Sabha elections, Tiwari said the increase in voter turnout from 2023 to the beginning of for the first two months of 2024 is 55,9
One case is from East Jaintia Hills, one case from East Khasi Hills and three cases from Ri Bhoi District.
The meeting also discussed the desire of the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule which has been pending for a long time, but there are still some parts, at present there are two parts, one purpose to implement. The Village Council in the areas of the Riewlum and the Unrepresented Tribes are two issues that still need to be discussed.
Shillong, Nailur 04: A day before the celebration of Teachers' Day, the Governor of Meghalaya has invited the principals of various colleges in Shillong, teachers and students to meet and discuss with them. to a Rah Bhavan.
Applications must be received and approved by the Rangbah Shnong and signed and sealed on the form.
It was recalled that the struggle for a state of its own is based on language.
By the end of 2027, 5G will account for about 39% of all mobile connections in India, with an estimated 500 million users, he said.
It has great health benefits.
The KHADC should have stopped issuing labor licenses to the indigenous people but it has violated the rights of the employees by issuing labor licenses to private individuals and by going to the market. The Dkhars are not allowed to come to our country.
All the residents of the village are requested to unite for the sake of the lives and deaths of the people and especially before these two governments agree to resolve the border issue. the right for the future.
He also called for talks with all groups and to spread the message of peace and said that justice will be upheld.
Shillong, November 12: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) from Barak Valley, Assam, have come to Shillong to meet with the members of the KSU Meghalaya to seek the support of the civil society organizations in Meghalaya. to the State of Assam regarding their demand.
Police have taken him to court and the court has allowed the suspects to remain in their custody for three days for questioning. of him by weeping and wailing.
Awards were also distributed to women who have showcased their talents, including Nambi Jessica Marak (cook), Kmoin Wahlang, marathon runner, Bonifilia Shullai (athlete). sports), Sidalin Marbaniang (founder), Ratna Rai and Pdiangsngewbha Pohti (founder of partnership groups).
There are 57 recoveries from East Khasi Hills District, 43 cases from West Khasi Hills District, 6 cases from West Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, July 07: The Assam Government has released the first list of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) with the cut-off date of 24th October 1971 as part of the identification of full citizens. The state of Assam and the states that come after the cut-off date.
The Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) has sent an interim report on the salary increase of Adhoc Upper Primary School teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Samgma, on his arrival from Delhi, left for Qualapatty to visit the church of the Church of God which was destroyed by fire in fire on Sunday morning.
How shocked and disappointed the political parties and candidates across the state are, while the people are still hoping for the best for themselves, their families, their clan. the race, the village, the society and so on.
The CoMSO would like to extend its special thanks to all those who have taken part in the fight against COVID-19 from doctors, nurses, health workers as well as all those who have taken part in this fight. Shillong, November 05: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Agriculture Cell, East Khasi Hills (FKJGP) also delivered speeches at the meeting. The district has urged the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to set up a Soil Testing Center in each Block and Circle Office to test and distribute Soil Certificates to the farmers. time is not enough.
HYC Shillong City Secretary S Marwein said in a statement sent today.
This is the first time that cow meat has been smuggled by the BSF. The arrested persons have been handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
She urged the government officials to do their utmost to bring about a smooth and orderly service in which the people will be proud.
The office requests those Home Guards volunteers who wish to go on duty to inform the Home Guards office in their respective districts immediately for the purpose of getting their names in time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: In an unstarred question, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Lazarus Sangma, said that since 2018 when he was appointed as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to four countries of the world, France, Switzerland, the United States of America and Bangladesh.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the leaders of the party said that the party leaders were threatened and on Thursday night they bombed the vehicle of the president of the party in Khapmara. Flood District.
What the people need is a health centre.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek said that the Youth Cultural Center will be a platform to showcase the talents of the youth in the area where various programs will be held.
Besides these statements in the petition to the Prime Minister of India, the union also urged him to challenge the NGT order by creating the necessary measures. The union has also requested the Prime Minister to remove the NGT from Meghalaya as Meghalaya falls under the jurisdiction of the NGT. of the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India in which the people living in it are the small hill tribes, who are backward in all aspects and also that the land tenure system and the culture is different from other parts of India.
Two more persons have been arrested by the Ribhoi Police and during the investigation, the police have found that the HNLC is involved in inciting youths to commit crimes by putting in front of the thong to increase the demand for money.
The CEO of SMB said that there is no money sent to register with the TVC. The office has also received a complaint from the Progressive Hawkers and Street Association of Meghalaya and Greater Shillong. Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA).
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 11 deaths from COVID-19 positive in West Khasi Hills District today. There are 17 cases in hospitals.
The number of cases by district is 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 265 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 9 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from South West Garo Hills, 7 cases from West Khasi Hills. .
The Hima will continue to conduct this inspection and if anyone is found to be violating the rules, the Hima will take action, because the Hima does not want to see just because of a few people. the market will be closed again.
After that , the suspect went to the house of Donaldstone Thongni and tried to break into the house with weapons with the intention of injuring the young leader of the party but fortunately he was not at home. period.
Earlier, the robbers threw petrol bombs at vehicles parked at Jowai Police Reserve in which a Gypsy of an employee collapsed while a police vehicle was damaged only from the front.
The purpose of these Clan Bills is to unite the different clans and to regulate the work, for example, in the case of tang jait, if a Khasi man marries a non-Khasi woman. The children have to be of the same race, this is very important for the relationship with the kur.
In addition, a list of 2000 health care trainers and more than 500 health care supervisors was shared with the MoHFW. They have received at least 10 days' salary from the PM CARES Fund to assist the Government in its efforts to fight against the spread of the corona virus.
The Minister said that the expenditure of this money in the fight against COVID-19 is for the testing of the people through RTPCR/TruNAT/CBNAAT, as so far 2.14 people have been tested. people and the fatality rate was 0.9% in the state.
The supporters of the HSPSP party have decided to nominate their own candidate to oppose this action of the party.
On this occasion, the Dy Syiem of the Hima and the Ministers summoned the Goanbura of Barigoan to inquire from him on the issue of crossing the border by farming.
On Friday night, there was a clash between the two groups on Laitumkhrah road and police took the two groups to the Police Station to resolve the issue.
Institute of Alternative Medicine and Research,8-A, Diamond Harbor Road, Builtech inn, 2nd Floor, Thakurpurkur, Kolkatta – 700063Ha  Uttar Pradesh,14.
The Chief Minister said the purpose of the Cabinet meeting at the district headquarters is to bring the work of the government closer to the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region welcomes the statement of the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Patarim, on his personal acceptance of MD Mumtaj Ahmed as the resident of Umsning Patarim. India, but how can he accept him as a resident of Umsning Patarim without the acceptance or approval of all the residents, and how can he say that a temporary certificate has been issued without a permanent or temporary certificate?
“The Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the National President of the BJP JP Nadda have the intention to monitor the launch of various awareness programs to eradicate tuberculosis through the TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan before the TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan. 2025," said the BJYM leader. He appealed to the patients to seek information about the Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme for TB patients. The BJP Schedule Tribe (ST) Morcha (BSC) today held a celebration with poor children at the Anganwadi Centre, Shillong Cantonment. ST Morcha State General Secretary Euneescy Khyriem, Vice President Priambada Blah and ST Morcha Shillong City President Wanpynbiang Tariang were also present.
Due to the weather conditions and the rules and regulations of the district authorities, this time the Sengbah has gone straight to the topic or the way to fulfill the thanksgiving. Dem Blei, without holding any other programs such as dancing, singing, dancing, music.
Through this, the Government has introduced a policy that places of worship can be charged 25 percent of the market value of the land or 494 tyngka per square feet which will be directed and arranged by the Revenue Department of the Government. state.
Seiborlang Shadap (NPP) from 24th constituency, Silbinus Sukhalin (NPP) from 25th constituency, Shanbor Lamare (UDP) from 25th constituency, Bisharbha Pala (PDF) from 25th constituency. Michael Nongtdu (INC) is the 25th Chief Executive Officer.
At present, the Garo people and the land of Hynniewtrep have already become their own at the lowest and lowest level. If we look at the reservation system in India for STs, SCs, OBCs and BC. (M) It has already made the small nations its own.
Shillong, July 30: The Indian Army will hold a recruitment competition for the Group X Technical Line at Jalan Outdoor Stadium (near Don Bosco School, Boiragimoth, Dibrugarh (Assam) for the Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya and Nagaland.
As it was from the beginning until now.
Two houses were destroyed today, one house of R.Khongsit from Sohra in Bholaganj Block and one house of Shidalin Suting in Mawkynrew Block.
This is the annual festival organized by the SHTC for the youth. In the evening, there was a performance of their own customs and traditions in the costumes of the ethnic groups. Director HRD of the North Eastern Council Siile Anthony was the chief guest.
Since independence in 1947, many laws have been introduced to protect the nation. there is a need for experts and scientists to be protected by laws.
Minister Duh said that the opportunities in space are not limited to satellite launches and space research, its power can also be seen in the Peace of Life and Peace of Life. Governance.
According to sources, the AITC has not yet sent a letter to the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on who to appoint as the Chief Whip of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. .
On this day, 125 BSF personnel have donated their blood to NEIGHRIMS Hospital. The blood donation is for the families of NEIGHRIMS. There is no raitoi that doesn't have blood.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The brother of an MLA who was abducted by suspected GNLA militants has been released today after seven days in custody.
Dr. Rollingstone Wankhar, Khasi teacher, St. Anthony's College, Shillong.
Manipur's revenue in 2020 was T.41 crore and 2021 was T.48 crore, an increase of 18%.
The IG of BSF Shillong Frontier said that his main goal is to have a close relationship with the people on the border with Bangladesh to be able to monitor them. border and to keep the border peaceful and free from illegal trade.
The Meghalaya Government sees this and does not want to interfere with this task to prevent the entry of foreigners into the Central Government.
Relatives of the victims lit candles on the death of four people in Tura and afterwards held a moment of silence.
East Bengal's victory has qualified them for the final against Three Star Club of Nepal on the 30th.
HANM-JHDU has seen a lot of trouble despite the protests in Jaintia Hills for the road, but the government has improved the road from Sohryngkham to Pymmura.
Shillong Lajong FC scored four goals and Assam Police managed to score only two goals in the tie-breaker match played at the Nehru Stadium in Guwahati.
We have seen that the Bodo people have been protesting for the Bodo Territorial Council (BTC) and for the inclusion of the Bodo language in the Baphra Constitution, even the Bodo MPs have protested in front of Parliament.
This has happened due to Government initiatives such as 'Make in India' and 'Start-Up India'
The initiation of this project came after the understanding that there is a need for a place to store and preserve the sculptures otherwise they will die after the death of their makers.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting of all three District Councils of the state to discuss the government's intention to implement the CrPC and CPC in The whole of Meghalaya.
Among the many speakers who criticized and explained Ardent's remarks against HS Shylla, Hilarius said that on this day when the world celebrates Human Rights Day and the UDP celebrates Human Rights Day This is the day of victory in the mid-term elections where the people have come to express their hope to win the mid-term elections.
For the Nongumsaw Unit, Duitalin Marngar was elected President and for the Mawliehdein Unit, Saldaris Wanniang was elected President.
Opening the two day training, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly AT Mandal said that this is an opportunity for the journalists of the state to learn about the working methods of the Legislative Assembly and how to write what goes on inside the hall.
At this meeting, the party also held a silence to pray for the passing away of MLA Clement Marak of Salsella.
After this, the body was recovered in collaboration with the Municipal employees and the State Disaster Response Force.
Shillong, July 28: The 7th Commissioner Level Meeting of the India-Bangladesh Joint Customs Group was held in Shillong on July 27 and 28,
At the meeting, the Syiem also expressed his concern that if the market is closed, but after receiving information from many churches, it should be closed temporarily but how many days will it be closed? Jest Khyriemmujat, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of the Smit Dorbar Pyllun, said that the decision has been taken.
Referring to the revenue of the Council, he said that most of the revenue comes from the Professional Tax and other departments of the Council. should be spent.
Regarding Phan Nonglait, there was also a book published by Muktiar Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, which shows the greatness of this woman who fought against the British.
Other speakers at the 175th Anniversary Celebration of Sohra TWA Presbyterian Lower Primary School were MLA TW Chyne, MDC D Wahlang, the Syiem of Sohra Hima, officers of the education department from the Sohra Civil Sub Division and church leaders.
Shillong, July 27: The Director General of Prisons in the state, Kulbir Kishan, has handed over the post of DG to Prem Singh through AIG MK Sangma. come on your holiday.
In West Garo Hills, three persons were from Titkrikilla and the driver was from East Jaintia Hills District.
Maker Shwa Wann added that Rymbai.
Retired employees can no longer remain employees of the agency.
The two MPs who have been appointed as Ministers in the new government are Sarbananda Sonowal and Khrien Rijiju. they shall be ministers in his government.
Similarly, the saree was also seized from Pyrdiwah.
In India, the festival will start in Kolkata from the 26th to the 29th of this month.
With the aim of providing comprehensive education, the Assam Rifles has also signed a MoU with Manipur University, Mizoram University and United Service Institute, Delhi to provide linkages in the field of education and research in line with the Assam Rifles. the needs of the Assam Rifles.
East Jaintia Hills District Police on Friday arrested a man suspected of involvement in the murder of four persons whose bodies were found in Umpleng village, East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District on the 6th of November,
He said that KHNAM will contest strongly in the upcoming MDC election. If KHNAM wins the ruling district council, I will ensure that after a year you will see the district council.
The residents of this office are urged to move to the new location at Keating Road Shillong.
Each household with a Bill Light can purchase up to 10 bulbs.
I enjoy being on the road driving from one place to another and meeting different people.
On the other hand, Bah John in charge of the third group has called a meeting on the 5th and 6th of this month to discuss and seek clarification on how these schemes have been implemented. public participation and assistance to the three District Councils in the state.
At the same time, the police have warned that if anyone is found spreading false news to incite the public, the police will not allow them to leave. treat such people harshly.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Khasdasawphra Sport Association (KSA) Mariang has warned against coal trucks entering the stadium of the association in Mariang to escape from the police.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, while talking to SP News Agency, said that this is just a rumor and the people should not believe it because the milk is available in the market and the price is as usual.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Myntri Langstieh said that the purpose of their visit was to ensure that the people should wear masks and at the same time to encourage the residents. market to provide Tika to protect the consumers.
They demanded that the Chief Minister should convene a special session to set up a Meghalaya Land Boundary Committee which will include the Chairman and the Minister in charge of Land. to other members and CEMs of District Councils, Himas with pata.
The final match was between Pingwait and Umsohkhlur where Umsohkhlur won the title and received a trophy and three cows while Pingwait won a trophy and two cows.
In East Jaintia Hills, 13, 9 in West Garo Hills, 9 in South West Garo Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi District, 6 in South Garo Hills, 3 in West Khasi Hills and 1 in East Garo Hills. 1755 people.
The AICC leader, who was sent to meet the Congress leaders, did not say anything on the MLAs' desire to change leaders.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Saturday met in Guwahati.
This shows the desire to violate and misuse even the power they have and this is also a slap in the face of the leaders of the party, and the action is exactly what they think. They are the ones who are in Jammu and Kashmir.
Shillong, July 05: There are 50 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, West Garo Hills District today. , West Jaintia Hills 1, the total number of cases has risen to
Two types of COVID-19 vaccines have been delivered today.
The youth was hit by a fallen tree while he was trying to go to the Golf Link Mawroh.
The meeting was held at the Majestic Hotel in Polo.
Special greetings and thanks were also extended to all the Khasi Sengs from different States and Departments of Hynniewtrep, Hynniewskum and also to the Khasi Religious Departments, Religions. Tre, brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters, friends from this Mei Ri-lum, Mei Risan and all those who have come to congratulate us and who have contributed to our organization, in many ways.
We witness many times in urban areas or even in rural areas how the spread of plastics on the roads blocks the drains during the rainy season and causes water to flow on the roads or roads and affect the and the multitude went and stood in the midst of the city.
The meeting was conducted by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, in the presence of Mr Grithalson Arengh, Dy Chairman, MSPB. In 2013, the Irrigation Potential unlocked through the scheme in the State was 41,449 Ha.
He congratulated the Commissioner of Sports, GoM and the Branch Head, NESFB, for their special time for the closing day of the Championship.
At this meeting, she spoke about many of the problems faced by the tourist taxi drivers and this issue will be taken to the government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ransom said that Christmas is a day of joy and good news to await the coming of Christ to this world.
The planting of trees was led by Amanda Pakyntein and Brother Acham Pamei, World Vision who also gave a speech to commemorate the theme: “Plastic Free” in which he urged not to The program was attended by the Sordar Shnong, Bah T. Pohshna, Chairman Mawkynrew Block, teachers and school children.
The President of the Federation, Bah Nangbha Nongtdu, in an interview with the Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, said that the area of ​​the forest is not less than 2-3 kilometers. which falls under the villages of Umthe, Umkboh, Tongspo and Umshngain.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: Prof Rakesh Sinha MP of the Rajya Sabha, who took Kongthong village to improve the development of the village, said that the village and its surroundings have about 18 villages. villages do not have adequate education and health facilities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has invited applications for the issuance of Transit Passes to transport cattle to Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the DC of West Garo Hills said that there have been preparations for this event for a long time and they want to make this cycle race a success. hopefully it will be successful.
This office, which is in charge of the media, plays an important role in informing the public about the schemes that the government has to implement for the benefit of the people. in the entire state.
The uniqueness of the Khaddar Court in Meghalaya is that there are three parts of the courts which are regulated by law, the first is the Normal Areas of Shillong which includes the three Municipal wards of Police Bazar, Jail Road, European Ward and Cantonment areas, where the prosecution of crimes and cases such as the Civil Code apply in accordance with all the rules.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 5 recoveries today, out of 38 cases, 8 cases in East Khasi Hills. 6 cases, 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
Myntri Rangbah Duh strongly warned against those who spread false information about the drug industry.
According to information received, the total number of injured has risen to five.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, invited Najma to Meghalaya and at the same time asked for her advice on how to promote tourism in the state. .
Shillong, July 13: As the general election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya is approaching, the organization has warned all its office bearers and members to refrain from self-defense. I don't have anything to do with politics.
Police have said that the names of those who provided information will be kept confidential.
On the other hand, the Governor urged the government to take action to verify what these brave men have done in which one of them has been executed and this is an honor that many will know. This is India, let this be the beginning for the people of India to know.
The party candidate Bah Zachary Shadap said that there is a need to bring about change in the rural areas, many of the areas and villages of Mawhati Constituency have been neglected by the leaders from time to time.
: The Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB), formerly known as the Rural, Khasi and Jaintia Bank, today opened 11 online branches at the State Convention Center, Shillong. The meeting was inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister in the presence of Sanjay Kr.
He said that the naming of the road is not his wish, but it is the decision taken by the village headmen if he can do it.
The Chief Minister said that MSTC Ltd will take the existing coal and sell it to the highest pricers. Coal India Limited will take 10% of the sale. and the last shallan shall not be given to the owners of the coal.
The Youth Wing has sent a letter to the Acting Syem of Mylliem Hima to express their no confidence in Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew as the Rangbah Shnong. Dy.CEM of KHADC is not in charge of the Elaka.
Shillong, Lber 04: A group of 18 youths from the State, mostly women and some men, accompanied them to Pyn Sngain as Traditional Nongput Nongtem under the leadership of Bah Bobby Wahlang. The Escorting Officer has arrived today.
Political parties contesting the 2018 elections must promise before the people that if they come to power they will implement the Lokayukta Act, or private individuals contesting the elections must It should be acknowledged that if they win, they will fight for the implementation of this Act.
Students who have passed in any position or in any government department shall have the rights as they have completed and those who have not passed the examination shall be appointed immediately or appointed in any government department. They should be dismissed and those who have been appointed should be replaced by those who have worked hard and who have passed through the interview.
The Church has decided that it will not pay the money to the claimants whether they are exploiters or rebel groups.
Explaining on the recent sampling of water from different parts of Shillong, Bah Khongsit said, “To clarify, the Seng has taken this first step to send samples from Shillong: This is after a complaint from the residents of different villages has reached the union.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has urged that there should be a meeting between the officers from the districts between the two states to bring about closeness and cooperation on the border. The Chief Minister was accompanied by DD Lapang, Law Minister Roshan Warjri, Power Minister Sngewbhlang Dhar, Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo and others. he state government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: U Bah Hopingstone Masharing on Tuesday expressed his regret over the failure of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to commemorate the death anniversary of Rev JJM Nichol Roy, known as the father of the Sixth Schedule' in the Constitution of India for the Protection of Minorities in the North East.
The complaint said that there were other children who were taken by Sanjit to the place in Karknataka. of him and other children were sold into slave labor.
The villages included in this Lumshnong C&RD are from Narpuh Elaka which has about 38 villages and a population of about 55 thousand.
In response, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), headed by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has exercised its powers under Section 6(2)(i). of the Disaster Management Act, 2005.
There are 13 cases of COVID-19 in the state, one has died and 12 others have recovered.
The meeting was attended by the Chairman of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and the ECs of the Council.
He said that the party has now registered about 47,000 members in Khasi Hills and through the registration in Garo Hills, the party has reached more than 50,000 members.
On the other hand, the DC said that the people should come forward to inform because their presence is to help the people.
The natural disaster is not limited to one or two villages but many villages have been affected by the natural disaster.
The party would like to urge the leaders of Mawsynram and Ranikor Constituencies to take action on these issues which affect the people of Balat and Ranikor.
However, on the other hand, they said that only 17% of the area of ​​Karnataka is forest area, and they are still working hard to achieve the National Target of 33%.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony, Justice Mohammad Rafiq said his priority is to strengthen the computer department, the media cell and the Lak Adalat.
There are 67 teachers in the morning and only 16 teachers in the afternoon.
He said that on the proposal to set up Village Councils and Municipal Councils, the KHADC is against this as it will affect the customs and traditions and the Dorbar Shnong recognized by the KHADC should be established. Constitution of India.
Ranee stressed the determination of the Income Tax Member to achieve this goal, to increase the number of taxpayers and to provide full service in the field of payment and collection.
Latest reports said that after the incident, the police have rushed to the area to search for the perpetrators who dared to shoot at the police vehicle. .
Therefore, the Seng urges the Government and the Department not to pay attention to these schools which are lyngkha which are still under construction because there are other schools which have two posts, three posts or four posts and employees of the same class. School doesn't have a post.
However, I would like to remind you that the VPP will not mislead the people.
Stephan Rynjah, Superintendent of Shillong City, said that police have a strong suspicion that it was a petrol bomb blast at the BJP office last night. .
Other speakers at the public meeting were Bah Samuel Jyrwa Chairman NESO, Dr A Kharmalki, Dr SL Marbaniang, retired teacher at NEHU, Dr Bajibon Kharlukhi, former MP of NEHU and Dr K Nongtdu is the principal of the college.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 20 persons have tested positive for COVID-1 All these cases are from East Khasi Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills.
The CEO gave an example of one of the villages like Nongriat in East Khasi Hills which is famous for the presence of the Jri tree bridge. They have been able to reach this village so that the people can have the opportunity to cast their vote.
I urge the shopkeepers to accept digital payment and I also urge the officers in the banks to promote it.
The Act contains only 31 provisions and those relating to their operation are only Article 4, Articles 8 and 9, as well as Articles 18 and 19 relating to the Appellate Authorities.
However, the Governor of Meghalaya spoke in Hindi in the Legislative Assembly, and other Legislative Leaders like Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and several others spoke in Khasi in the Legislative Assembly and the Assembly went smoothly.
Through community immersion, students gain a deeper understanding of rights, beliefs, needs and strengths and develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
If the children are enrolled in a private school, the tuition fees will be paid from PM CARES in accordance with the rules of RTE. PM CARES will also pay for school uniforms and books.
On the demand whether the monolith festival should continue or be cancelled, the CEM said that no decision has been taken yet.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Promin Nongrum said that in 2017, he came to inaugurate the 50th Anniversary of the Government Lower Primary School in the village but unfortunately it was before the MLA elections. In 2018, he said that after the MLA elections he would give the permit to work, but after the MLA elections he said that he doesn't have any more money.
However, the NGT ban on mining and transportation of coal has affected them because many of them say that they have lost their livelihood because they have lost their jobs. He said that we have lost hope because this area doesn't have any other source of income except coal to cultivate banring.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla J Paul Lyngdoh, Secretary, ICSO, Samla H. Pachiang, Secretary, Samla Iaemlang, Secretary, KSU Iooksi Unit.
“It has been brought to the attention of the Ministry from time to time that poor patients, chronic illnesses and other serious diseases who are receiving treatment at AIIMS ). hospital.
The Central Government, through the 'Whole of Government' approach has worked to strengthen the pride, language, identity, literature, music, traditional dress and food of the region. and has worked to open the way for the whole of India to understand these characteristics.
They are alleged to have recently come to work from Pynursla area and are planning to work in different parts of Shillong including Mawlai.
In the future, the Kendriya Hindi Institute and the EFLU will function as Centers of Excellence and will work hand in hand with the Government of Meghalaya to preserve and strengthen the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia languages ​​through the use of the technology, said the Minister.
“In a petition sent on Saturday, the Union urged to refrain from any new amendment (to the Reservation Policy) as it will upset the feelings of the Garo people.
Before starting the registration of people for the scheme, the MHIS, which is the implementer of the scheme in Meghalaya, has to conduct a Many meetings from Districts, Blocks and Villages and then send slips to the homes of each person to register.
He was also a brave soldier and a close companion of Hopingstone Lyngdoh in the Hills State War during his youth and also a close friend of his father. Wickliffe's house where he used to visit the King of Bangladesh during the time when King Wickliffe was still strong.
The statement of the Chief Minister of Assam is completely wrong and shows that he does not want anything for the forest of the residents of Mukroh and also for the village as a whole.
Dr Lapang said that in Meghalaya there are 6258 ASHAs in all the villages, this is not small which means that in all the villages in the state there are ASHAs. lem in sickness and suffering in the countryside.
On Thursday, the NEIAH Medical College held a discussion between the students of NEIAH and Prof Baghel on the use of herbal medicines.
At the same time, the Legislative Assembly requests Bah PN Syiem, MLA & MDC, Chief Executive Member, KHADC and his Executive Committee to take action to create the mechanisms to implement the Bills/Acts and Rules in accordance with the Constitution of India Villages, Raids and Hima/Elakas are illegal in many respects, due to the lack of Acts and Rules approved by the KHADC authorities. approved by the Governor in accordance with para.
Dr. Reeta Vasishta Member Secretary, Law Commission of India explained in detail about the research before the drafting of these new laws so that they can adapt to the changing society and country.
At the same time, he said that Bah Paul Lyngdoh is a man who loves the nation and has a sense of responsibility for the country and the nation. fifteen years.
On this evening, Bah Patrick Nongrum handed over a work order of 10 lakh tyngka from the MDC Scheme to the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Patrick Nongrum for the construction of the Dorbar Hall.
The Prime Minister said that he is pleased to see that the work is progressing steadily. He said that by the end of November or the first month of November 2022, the work will be completed. The new borders will soon arrive.
It is hereby clarified that the amendments have been uploaded to the CoWIN platform. Therefore, new names can no longer be uploaded online or at the registration centers if the period after the first phase of any person falls within 84 days.
There are 206 rules in the bill.
Project Directors and Regional Directors have been instructed to do whatever is necessary in accordance with the agreements.
In the complaint letter, they said that there has been a sudden outage of the Reliance network since 25th April till now.
Police said that this will be an experiment and the outcome of this new drive will be announced later.
After investigation, it was found that the meter was not sufficient and the employees at this place used to deceive the people by filling less petrol by turning off the meter so that they could not see how much they were filling.
On this day, despite the heavy rain, the people came to witness the formation of the PDF Zonal Committee Sohiong Constituency where the office bearers were also appointed.
The books published are, Khasi Translation and Literature edited by Prof. Badaplin War, Senior Lecturer, Khasi Department, NEHU, who is also the Dean, Khasi Literature. the department of education.
It’s less than ten percent of what they expected.
When the food is clean, clean, or clean and clean, it is mixed with water and water to drink, and the sick are healed of it; This is the traditional custom of the Khasi.
The CSWO has sent a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to take action against those involved in preventing women from getting their rights. ration in the village.
They show the expenditure of the State Government against the expenditure Charged in the Consolidated Fund or Voted by the State Legislative Assembly.
Competitions like Art, Extempore Speech & Best Slogan were held for the students of Nongstoin Public Secondary School and prizes were awarded to the winners.
The Indian Presidency, through the promotion of the development of tax capacity in developing industries, throughout the 10 years of the Presidency has monitored the development of capacity in all sectors, through training by working with groups from different countries and also preparing work to improve capacity in tax matters along with those involved in this work.
Police have estimated that the drugs seized today have reached T.1.6 crore. Police have taken all necessary measures to ensure that drug traffickers should not get drugs. lat to conduct these evil deeds.
The sub committee will meet this month and submit its report to the government. After receiving the report, the government will convene another meeting to take a decision if all goes well.
On the other hand, the Seng would like to thank the management of this place for their willingness to extend their hands of mercy for these children at the same time the Seng is also ready to extend their hands of assistance in any case. the moment they need it.
On the 12th of this month, Behdienkhlam will be celebrated in Jowai and on the 22nd of this month, Behdienkhlam will be celebrated in Tuber.
The MPCA has decided to continue the struggle to withdraw from Aadhaar which began last year and to assist those who wish to withdraw from Aadhaar.
When the government makes rules, but the rules cannot be above the law.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Leaders of the Tour Guide Association of Meghalaya (TGAM) recently met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to urge the District Council to look into the issue of the operation of foreign Tour Guide Operators to operate within the jurisdiction of the Council.
HF Khongsit, former Assistant Commissioner, Retired Transport Department and P Nongsteng, Rangbah Shnong, Madan Lyngdoh.
This was announced by Promeeyo Kongjirem, President BJYM East Khasi Hills.
Robert said the State needs legislators to enact laws and policies to protect the identity of the people and to look after the welfare of the people and the State as a whole.
He also praised the people of Bihar for their determination to restore this visible peace through Nalanda.
To cooperate with other institutions in various sectors related to the development of the North East and to provide a platform for cooperation in research, monitoring and guidance with others .
Kenedy said that before starting the blending of ethanol and petrol, the owners of the petrol pumps have cleaned the underground tanks to ensure that there should be no water.
In his speech, he focused on the situation in the North East of India.
The traffic arrangement for commercial vehicles, taxis and Auto Rickshaws will be effective from 28 July to 3 November 2021 from 6 am to 6 pm.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said he hopes that the Central Government will accept the recommendation of the State Government as this will benefit all the people of the North East.
The DG of BGB said that Mohammad Ashfaq has defected to the Pakistani Army and surrendered his life and joined the Mukti Bahini in Mymensingh and today. is located in Bangladesh.
He took over as British Prime Minister in April 2022 following the resignation of former Prime Minister Liz Trust.
Before the meeting, General Secretary HYC-Umwai Unit gave a prayer and welcome speech and the meeting was conducted by Isaac.
He said he hopes that in 2023 the Congress will come back to power and hopes that it will win in all the constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister promised that the government will take action on this suggestion to ensure that the Meghalayans living in Assam will not be affected. face the problem.
There were 141 children in Athletics, 55 in Boxing and 331 in Football.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, said that it is not in his power to say whether to open or close this matter, it is the decision of the government but because it falls under the jurisdiction of the district. He invited them to speak on Monday.
All the states of the North Eastern Region have taken part in the Fest by performing their traditional dances, traditional songs, exhibition of paintings from the region, Art Exhibition, traditional weaving ( Handloom Exhibition) and other activities which were held during these two days, to be a peaceful and enjoyable.
U Bah Syiem said that this song should bring unity among the people.
Agnes alleged that all this is a violation of the decision of the Supreme Court.
The court will not convict anyone without taking the views of both parties.
On the same day, the Committee also visited the Mohalla Clinic.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today celebrated the Khasi Awakening Day by throwing banners to demand the release of the prisoners. 2 members of the party arrested recently from Sohra.
Shillong, March 22: Archbishop John Moolachira of Guwahati Diocese today morning will lead the funeral service for the funeral of Archbishop of Shillong Diocese Rev Dominic Jala. to be in the house of worship.
If the owners of the vehicles cannot pick them up within 40 days, the office will take the necessary action. Those who come after the stipulated time will not be accepted.
“We are sorry to say that the rule of Syiem Ainam is too much because he doesn't convene the dorbar properly and according to the rule it should be convened once a year but he doesn't convene that either,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, Jymmang 05: Three persons from Ri Bhoi, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills have been confirmed positive. There are 8 cases of this disease.
Speaking to SP News Agency, UDP leader Allantree said that the MLAs of the party have been in Delhi and have received permission to meet the president tomorrow. the Leaders of the two Houses of Parliament of India to submit the Petition.
The HYC strongly condemns this action of the NDA Government under the leadership of the BJP. In a statement today, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Robertjune K Jahrin said, “We strongly condemn the BJP and we demand that they should not implement this bill which is like a mountain that will destroy our nation, this bill is like a flood that will bring in the foreigners from Bangladesh to overthrow the country. we".
The robbers stabbed Bah Chiang in the right hand, head and neck, while Bah Rahul Pohtam escaped with a knife from the hands of the robbers. .
They are the Finance Secretary of the Unit, Bah Vincent Sangriang, Bah Pascal Khardewsaw and Bah Traling Khardewsaw.
The orders issued by the Commission have been reviewed to ensure that there is no serious impact on the voter registration process.
“Yes, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has read the 2nd paragraph of Office Memorandum 3.02.202 but you have not mentioned the promotion, as announced by the Personnel Department.
He said that the party will think again on the condition of the NH-6, one of the things that the party wants is that the people and drivers should please encourage the party by join the organization at any time.
Agatha's resignation has paved the way for the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to contest the MLA elections within six months to continue his term as Chief Minister. .
Police said that if there are such incidents, the public can inform the police at these numbers No.0364-2226042 / 0364-2222277 so that the police can take action according to the law. .
When Amit Shah inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor today, blue balloons were launched in Shillong as a sign of protest against the delay of the Central Government.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the order they have received is that all taxis can operate from today, but when carrying passengers they still have to follow the rules laid down by the department. health, that besides the driver should be one in front and two in the back.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC along the border with Bangladesh.
The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs is committed to bringing financial stability, recognition and opportunities for the development of these key sectors of India's economy.
The Government has struggled to achieve many development projects but without peace and stability all development projects will lag behind.
This Article promises that we will get recognition from the Constitution because we have not yet received it,” said Dr. Nonglait.
A total of 50 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 1 case from East Garo Hills, 30 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from South Garo Hills, 8 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga has now become a unifying force.
The Chief Minister said that the REC and PFC have already released 50% of the funds to MeECL and before releasing the second tranche they have made two proposals that the Meghalaya government should take the funds. If the state government does not promise to pay the bill, or 25% of the resources of MeECL should be implemented by the REC or PFC. The Cabinet meeting held today has taken a decision that the Government will not take any decision. 100% of the loan received by MeECL through the Atmanirbhar Loan.
“At the meeting of the political parties, we expressed our fear that the Expert Committee will become a ploy to delay and facilitate the review of the Reservation Policy. it appears now our fears were indeed justified.
Information technology and Communication, Community and Rural development, Soil and Water Conservation department.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Shillong, Jymmang 05: The people need the law makers to protect the country and not the drunkards, said Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary HYC, CEC. The Director of State Disaster Management Authority (DSDMA) of Meghalaya, Kong I Mawlong said that Cyclone Fani has affected 21 villages, damaged 17 houses and and he was wounded.
In this regard, the KSU has met with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Kong Ripnar Lyngdoh. She also demanded that the government should conduct another survey in the area and ensure that all the disabled in these areas should receive Disability Certificates and receive assistance or schemes. from the government to those who have been appointed for such people.
The Commission, which was appointed at that time, took two years to complete its investigation into the working of the three District Councils in Meghalaya, the KHADC, the JHADC and GHADC. The report was submitted to the Government in
Regarding the shortage of foodgrains in Photkroh, Panshiring, the DC said that foodgrains have been sent to these areas and if they have been sent to these areas, the foodgrains will be distributed to them. households who have shisha food shortages.
The selection of the participants will be held at Laitlum on 3/01/2023 and the competition will last for two days, on the 5th and 6th of July
The drowning occurred while he was swimming with his friends but suddenly at about 5:00 pm to 6:00 pm the water suddenly rose and he and his friends. They tried to get out of the river but at this time Ranjit Das could not reach the river until he died despite the efforts of his friends to rescue him.
At the same time, he said that till November 14, 2022, there are 4.5 political parties who have approached him and have spent crores of rupees to join the NPP. that the NPP has offered up to T.5 crore to join the NPP and the same offer has been deceived by him and others.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Umsning Circle through Lumumpih Unit has honored Lakyntiew Syiemlieh with a syrnod and award for passing the HSSLC examination. MBOSE at the age of 50 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The second semi final of the Federation Cup 2016 will be played between Lajong FC and Mohun Bagan AC at JN Stadium Shillong tomorrow morning at 5 pm.
There has been an 89% decrease in the number of jobs in the North East.
“If the MRSSA is implemented only in nine villages and if the gates are not standing, I feel that it is a ja khawot law and it is not yet a complete law,” said the President of the KSU. newspaper on Friday.
The Prime Minister said on Twitter that these two persons will be tested again after 24 hours to confirm that they are clear of the disease.
Regarding the radars in the area, he said he does not want to say anything but they understand how to improve them according to the needs of the area.
Shillong, Naiwing 11: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma of the NPP has won the election in the House by a voice vote.
In the past, when people saw an electricity post on the ground, they were filled with joy thinking that the electricity has reached them even though the post has not been erected.
He said that at present, the permits that people have to obtain from the District will be in those areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC, while in government areas they have to obtain from the government, in the villages. The villagers who build shimala houses or wooden houses shall take them from the Rangbah Shnong.
After the preparation, he went back to Preston to ask for permission from the government to start the work. He said that the discussion was that he only wants the government to give permission. he did not want any money from the government because without the recognition of the government he could not start the business.
Their protest was to demand that the government should return the money of the people.
Swarajeet Das scored 56 off 49 balls while Rajiv Ray took two wickets to give the team a four-run lead.
HM Shangpliang, one of the members of the HCWE, said that it is incomprehensible that the office of the DC of East Jaintia Hills has allocated only T.12700/- to the woman. Agnes and Amita to be paid as compensation and this money was also allocated from the Disaster Management Fund.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Principal Secretary GHP Raju said that after the mid-term elections, the Ministry of Agriculture will expedite the issuance of TP to the cow traders. .
The memorial to the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country was inaugurated on 24th November 1952 by the Chief Minister of Assam, Bishnuram Medhi.
She also informed that the price charged by the Seng Kynthei is very low compared to other Creches, as the aim of the Seng Kynthei is to charge a low price to support the brothers and sisters. women who need help.
The Rotary Club of Shillong has been doing good deeds to help the needy on many occasions from year to year. This is according to a statement sent by K.Verma Director.
The total number of cases in the state is 590, 446 in East Khasi Hills, 72 in Ri Bhoi, 16 in West Jaintia Hills, 18 in West Jaintia Hills, 6 in West Garo Hills, 2 in South West Garo Hills. South Building Hills 2.
Shillong, Nailr 12: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of 19-Shillong South and Minister in the Government of Meghalaya has donated T.7.55 lakh to 15 NGOs. The assistance is from the 2022-23 fiscal year.
Reality register.
