Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media, said that the police have conducted a thorough investigation and follow-up in connection with the case. Jehangir Alom from Lakhimpur was arrested on the 30th of this month and brought to Khliehriat Police Station for trial.
Lambokstarwell said the CEC will soon hold a meeting to recruit more youths to the party and at the same time to discuss the steps to be taken by the party.
: The State Government has decided to strengthen the presence of Village Defense Parties (VDPs) to curb the spread of drugs and alcohol in Meghalaya.
The curfew will be lifted in almost all parts of Shillong but the detailed instructions have been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner to make the necessary arrangements for the lifting of the curfew tomorrow morning.
The last track for the candidates to withdraw from the mid-term MLA elections will be on the 3rd of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, Secretary, Mawryngkneng Village Council, today lodged an FIR against the PHC in Mawryngkneng. This PHC belongs to the state government.
During his visit to Delhi, the Chief Minister also met with the Minister of State for Rural Affairs Arjun Munda and the Minister of Coal Affairs, Joshi Pralhad. The two Ministers have given their responsibility to the MDA 2.0 government in Meghalaya.
Collin Marak from Upper Rongjeng won the category with a weight of 29.00 kgs.
The missile was developed by the DRDO of India and the NPOM of Russia and can be fired from anywhere aimed at any target whether it is in the sky. , in the air or at sea.
Speaking to reporters, the Speaker of the House said that even in the midst of the lockdown, the work is progressing and many of the workers have left for their villages.
Also present on the occasion were Bah DD Lapang, Dr Donkupar Roy, Ampareen Lyngdoh and many other government officials of Meghalaya.
In her speech, Ms. IB Warjri Mission Director explained about this scheme which was launched by the Prime Minister on
Shillong, March 19: Shillong Police have arrested Lakitbok L. Marshillong of Mynsain village in Upper Lumparing on charges of involvement in the burning of bikes at Sisir Compound. that day.
Government officials who attended the function included Bah PBO Warjri.
After investigation, police have arrested these nine persons and they are now in police custody and the court has given five days permission to the police to investigate them. They are now at Ampati Police Station. Assam Police are investigating to arrest the remaining suspects.
Get the feedback here.
The CEO said that the census is still ongoing till 5.00 pm today and the full census has not yet been received especially for Ranikor Constituency, but he said that even if it increases or decreases it will not be too high or too low.
The State and UT Governments at the same time have delivered these drugs to all the districts.
On the part of the judge, he said that he would like to thank all the authorities who have cleared this case and all those who have taken part and it has been a great help to the honorable court.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya Women's Congress (MPHC) has decided to hold a rally on 1st November 2017 to protest against the insults against the women's workers of the Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MPHC). I am a Khasi in Delhi.
Maligaon, Jymmang 02: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has rescued a woman from Andhra Pradesh from Alipurduar Railway Way Station on Tuesday. hand them over to the law enforcement authorities to send her back to her village.
Shillong, July 08: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today clarified that Gurman Singh is an employee of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The statement was signed by Dr MR Basaiawmoit and four other doctors to confirm that the government ambulance had taken their employee to Guwahati.
After the collapse of the government of Dr Donkupar Roy, Bah DD Lapang came as the Chief Minister from the Congress party. The NCP government led by Bah Lapang did not last long and there was a protest within the Congress party which brought in Dr Mukul Sangma as the incumbent prime minister.
In this discussion it was explained that within this subject there are branches of study such as virology, mycology, parasitology and bacteriology.
Regarding these issues, the JSU leadership found that all these problems or conflicts are caused by the fact that the people have to stand in their own line and cannot leave the line. line once the rest stood.
Shillong, June 12: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has been appointed to conduct the XV (15th) election to the KSU office for the term 2023-2 .
Regarding the affairs of the party, he will talk to the people within the party to resolve this issue.
The General Meeting of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills-Wapung Circle which was held on the 30th of this month, as a sign of recognition, encouragement, encouragement, and also She also awarded Certificates of Excellence and Mementos to 25 children of the Kur Dkhar including the Kur Dkhar. Leaders and Public Servants, Doctors, Engineers, Advocates, Teachers, and Students.
Minister Rangbah Duh also spoke about the Government's efforts to introduce comprehensive skills development opportunities along with higher education based on the best research in the world.
In his speech, the Vice President of India said that the neighboring country without naming Pakistan has said that it has supported the insurgents which has affected its income.
Minister Duh said India has started working on training people in medical technology and manufacturing quality products and research.
Shullai congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for entrusting him with the posts and said that he will sit down to look into the matter. ei you don't have to.
He also said that the party will hold its 12th anniversary celebration on July 18, 2022.
However, suddenly they have received information that the Nongmali people have to elect their leaders from Mawkhar which has shocked the people of Mawlai who have prepared themselves to elect their leaders from Mawlai. The MLA has already spoken to the MLA on the division of constituencies but on his part, he has asked for a letter on the division of constituencies and explained that the polling in Mawlai cannot be held in Mawlai. as an MLA while the village has not received a copy of the division of constituencies.
Furthermore, as the Minister of Education, he should have taken action to issue a notification that schools, colleges and universities should have special subjects, books so that the children of Hynniewtrep can learn their language. Your History is unique.
On Thursday, the Commissioner of Transport, Bah E.Kharmalki in an interview with reporters, warned the public to take their own responsibility if they travel or ride in Bike Taxis. The Rapido is owned by private Scooty drivers who have not obtained a Permit from the Transport Department of the State Government.
The AJYWO expresses its appreciation and gratitude to the police who immediately arrested and registered a case against this foreigner in order to maintain peace and order in the area and also to other members of the Sengbhalang who were quick to arrest and register a case against him. Talbinus Dhar was arrested in connection with the incident.
Shillong, March 31: The Shillong Senior Citizens Forum (SSCF) on Tuesday said that the SSCF was formed to look after the elderly in the Khasi Jaintia Hills. Act 2007.
However, the SBI in this area has been working without any problems.
On this occasion, the closing ceremony of the Students' Day was a memorable and joyful day not only for the students of this school but also for the parents and teachers. as well as the members of the Managing Committee of the school.
Therefore, the petition said that it is urgent to ensure that this work can be completed in these months as part of bringing peace to the entire Ri War area.
At the same time, the KSU Saphai Unit strongly condemned the lack of electricity in Saphai village and demanded that the MeECL authorities should immediately provide electricity. The electricity supply due to the power outage has put the public, the school children, in trouble especially that the electricity bill is paid exactly as scheduled.
He informed about the decision taken in this year's budget to reduce electricity bills to zero through the launch of the Rooftop Solar Scheme where the government will provide assistance to 10 crore households to install electricity bills. solar on rooftops.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by Zenith Sangma MLA, said that the reason for the power outage in the state is due to the The government's social agreement in 2007 with the National Thermal Power Company.
This shows that the work of FEDCO is very slow and the people are suffering.
According to sources received by the SP News Agency, according to the information received from the customs office today, this is in accordance with the government notice no 01/2011-CE dated /03/20011 With this announcement, coal exported to Bangladesh has been subjected to Excise Duty.
At present, there are many parts of the NH-6 under Wapungskur village which are prone to flooding in the middle of the road during the rainy season and water flows into the balconies of houses and into places where it should not be used. The road has been flooded due to the lack of drainage system.
: Nongkylla Mikir, Dehal, Rongbona, Bolium (non existing), Nongkylla (Garo) (non existing), Umdok (non existing), Umdaprukhi (non existing) and Shakoikuna.
The Meghalaya State AIDS Control Society (MSCC) will hold its fifth Red Fest through the North East Multimedia Campaign on the occasion of the increasing number of HIV/AIDS cases in the state. The Red Fest of the Meghalaya State AIDS Control Society (AIDS) will be held at Lariti Center for Performing Arts, Shillong on the 28th of this month.
He said the fight against illegal cyber activities is a priority of the Modi Government.
Samla Samborlang Shabong said that the KSU is pleased to invite the youth to lead India because the Jaidbynriew is not short in all aspects but it still needs more youth. the Jaidbynriew to reflect and use their talents properly.
Among these seven demands, the first is on the demand to increase the budget allocation to the Ministry of Agriculture and the departments in charge of agriculture so that it will be of benefit to the people. farmers.
The HNYF has made it clear that this area is not within Assam but within Meghalaya which is within Ri Bhoi District which falls under the Nongspung Hima.
Rajai-A village falls under South West Khasi Hills District on the border with Bangladesh on the other side of the Ranikor River. This is the third time in three years that wild elephants have damaged the area.
“If Talbinus Dhar violates the cigarette law in this shop, he should have informed the law enforcement authorities to take necessary action,” said Bah MH Dkhar. The Jowai Police Station is only tens of meters from the shop but you should not take the law into your own hands, even if you have to tie a nar syndon on your head”.
The unrotten garbage was dumped in the places built by the village while the unrotten garbage was brought by the Municipal from Shillong.
“They don't have the right to trade because they don't have the documents.
The loss of the Sohpieng, Ryngud market in WahRew because during these years Bangladesh fell under the rule of Pakistan there was a war to unite Bangladesh with Pakistan with the help of Indira Gandhi. The Prime Minister of India has invited Pakistan to protect Bangladesh.
Regarding the existing hostels, it is only the installation of electricity.
Shillong, June 06: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the curfew on the entry and exit of people at the border will continue.
The cause of death is unknown but the body was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for postmortem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of the 17-North Shillong Constituency today distributed equipment to the villages, such as chairs, syntex, knives, This was distributed at a meeting held at the Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Dorbar Hall in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs.
Therefore, the government will look into solving this problem faced by the farmers.
Shillong 19, Jymmang 21: The HANM Seng Kmie has urged the government not to put the COVID 19 patients and those who are suffering in the same hospital as they will increase the spread of this terrible disease. .
Jowai, July 08: The cost of the National Highway from Jowai to the headquarters of the village has been too high. that the government did nothing.
Shillong, November 29: The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, BD Marak MPS has personally inspected the construction of a new police station at Shallang under the PIRF scheme. it will be consistent.
The Government will set up 30 syieng refining centers across the state at a cost of T.7.5 crore and Rs 100 crore will be spent on the export of syieng.
The whole world now understands the importance of conserving mammalian species and their habitats.
But startup activity is now starting to pick up in the northeast.
The house belongs to the residents of Mairang Civil Sub Division and the work will be completed within 16 months, he said.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong has organized a tree planting ceremony at Nongkhlaw village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District under the Project Hariyali-Trees for Future scheme. .
Synsar farmers from Mawsynram, Ri Bhoi and other areas who are concerned about the sudden drop in the price of synsar in the state on Tuesday with the participation of the Hill leaders The Farmers Union (HFU) has turned to MECOFED, Mawiong to inquire about the price of synsar.
Damang will leave Shillong on the 25th of this month.
“It is clear that they will not be able to hold a peaceful protest in this area,” said a statement from these organizations.
At the same time, to curb tax evasion, it is prohibited to set up any collection gates on the highways of India and the state government. Those who violate will be punished according to the law.
According to the CBI report, up to 15 senior officials including Ministers at that time, MLAs, MDCs, Ex MLAs and government officials were involved in this scam. which they give the names of their people for appointment even if this is illegal and against the Constitution of the country.
There has also been an increase in the number of crimes in the state.
Meghalaya was allowed to have only 7 members while Assam had 40 leaders at the meeting held in Assam who submitted the documents to accept the border.
“The current government is a government that wants protests and chaos.
At this meeting, the officers also expressed their concerns in the implementation of the PWD schemes to build roads to different villages under the construction. you District.
Jowai, Naitung 06: The AJYWO Sengkmie on Saturday sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to request him to fight against the ban. The sudden mining and trade of coal by NGT in Meghalaya has severely affected the residents of Jaintia Hills especially those from East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Home Minister Bhagwant Singh, he said their arrival in Meghalaya was after receiving information that the people in the area had been threatened. in some kittens organized which he did not name.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The total number of COVID-19 positive cases in East Khasi Hills today has risen to 26, out of which 14 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. the public.
The JSU through its leader Treiborlang R Suchen said that he has not had the opportunity to talk to the Secretary to the Chief Minister and said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has take action to assist in the release of salaries of the employees of JHADC and other District Councils in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 01: Three branches and one HFU breeding group have been set up in two blocks. Farmers in the state from rice farmers to farmers of various crops in the state have been encouraged. to establish various offices and also to unite under the umbrella of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) especially to discuss the problems faced by the farmers.
The arrested were identified as Wilban M Sangma of Durabanda Songgital and Withmil S Marak of Upper Dosogre.
Therefore, in order for the Khasi-Pnar people to survive, the Government of India should restore the rights of the people by issuing the demand for a new State in the name of Khasi-Jaintia State. of Article 371 (J&K).
Sounder has contested the MLA elections from South Shillong and Mawkyrwat constituencies in the past years but has not won.
Although there is no clear directive, it is the custom of the Chief Minister to meet the Governor at any time, even if it is a sign of respect. There is also a discussion on the work of the state.
Patients don't have to pay for the ambulance.
Secretary – Radbor Diengdoh Besides these, many other office bearers of the church were also elected.
Ms Nongrum Enterprise, Dong Spengthawlangmlah, New Nongstoin.9402546842, TBn I.D Nongsiej, Mairang.8730946570, Ms Marwein Restaurant5, Mawkyrwat8 South West Khasi Hills (Oposite MCAB Bank)89774,Ti9077 )Your rank and registration number The fee for participants is T.300/- for those between 8-15 years old, male and female from the state, T.400/- for those aged 15-18 years old. T.400/- and T.500/- for those aged 18-35 is T.600/- and T.700/- for those aged 35-45, 45-55 and for those aged 55 and above. the spirit of registration shall be the same.
The primary objective of the scheme is to transform India into Atma Nirbhar in the production of high quality bivoltine silk and to develop automatic reeling machines.
“It is a moment of great understanding that the institute has already trained nearly 10,000 experts in Ayurveda and Homeopathy.
Speaking to reporters, Samlin MLA of Sohiong, said that he has received a question from Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of Mariang, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly whether there will be a new district. how long shall it be?
Police have taken the body to the civil hospital for post mortem.
KSU Vice President F Kharmawphlang said that the KSU has met today and decided to call a night curfew. He said that the Sengbhalang would like to thank all the people who have joined and supported this protest across the state and this protest has been successful. He said that if the government continues to do so, the Snegbhalang will continue to intensify their protests to force the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) immediately in the state. the illegal entry of foreign and domestic authorities.
Detailed information will be announced by the MHIS through the media on how to do this and the public has to go to where to register to get this benefit.
BJP MDC from Tura Constituency Bernard N. Marak on Friday lodged a complaint with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department, alleging that the Municipalities have violated the law. the rules of the Fifteenth Finance Commission.
This was announced by the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem.
Raymond Kharjana Chairman of the Education Cell KSU in his speech said that the KSU and the nation as a whole are proud of the award received by Prof B.War for his research and development. the Khasi language in different parts.
The Minister said that the future of India's urban areas is well informed by the innovations in these 100 smart cities.
The total number of cases in the state is 128 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 128 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. sun.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The PIB Shillong today held a public consultation on the payment of Income Tax. Officials of the Revenue Department have come to clarify at a meeting with reporters in Shillong today at Shillong Club.
As Christians respect other religious festivals such as Holi, Puja and other authorities in charge of the state bank, they should understand that it is not only the financial year. They are happy without disturbing the feelings of the people in this area.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a notice to all recruitment offices for ST, SC, OBC and public in response to a reply filed by the government to the Meghalaya High Court. It is clear that this Roster shall not affect the filling of vacancies by transfer, promotion, or transfer, but in the case of temporary appointment for 45 days it shall not apply. In this regard, this provision shall not apply to appointed and temporary employees and to those with disabilities.
To alleviate the poverty, the Government of India should have reduced the tax rate to 14% and not to 28%.
MPCC President DD Lapang has been summoned to the AICC in Delhi after he did not attend the meeting of Khasi Pharmacists which was scheduled to be the chief guest today. informed that he could no longer arrive because he had to go to Delhi.
BSF troops recently seized a bike near Huroi in East Jaintia Hills and arrested a man from Assam. .
The Government should immediately pay compensation to the shopkeepers and also provide medical treatment to those injured in the shop.
The turnout has reached 70 percent, said CEO P Naik.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Bah Khlur Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, on Tuesday said that the general meeting of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie held today has decided that they should get the land. The burning of people within the boundary of Madan Ingsyiem Mylliem, while the land has not yet been obtained, if there is a death or life from now on, the burning of Rangbah Kulam Nongrum should be burnt in the prison.
“My love for you will continue as I have expressed to you from the first day when I came to Kanbass and I understand that I should give my hand to you all first and for that reason I ask you to listen. to strengthen your love so that I may continue to receive love from you as I have loved you all,” he said.
Speaking at a public hearing held by the KSU Tyrsad Circle at Tyrsad, the President of the KSU Tyrsad Circle, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that we have not yet received the approval from the KSU Tyrsad Circle. Government of India, we will visit all parts of Bri Hynniewtrep to explain to the public the urgent need for ILP in the state.
The party has sent a statement to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to talk to Himanta, Chief Minister of Assam, that he should not talk so much about the villages and areas in Meghalaya which border with Himanta. Assam.
The union through a letter KHNAM(SYW)/2019/KHADC/MEMO dated 22nd October 2019 has informed about this illegal acquisition of citizenship by this foreigner, but till now no action has been taken by the council. .
During the raid, the members of the union arrested about 12 drug users and from the bodies of these drug users, the union seized injection needles and drugs.
On this occasion, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the memorial of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in Khliehrait.
The decision of the 13 Sengbhalang to intensify these protests is based on the Government's failure to implement the ILP. The Sengbhalang also criticized the letter from Shambhu Singh Joint Secretary (North East). The Union Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has said that the ILP cannot be implemented in the state. to date (Exist).
That hard work was successful and the Sohra language became the central language of the state.
The Congress leader said that they don't have to move but the EC will fail, and to confirm this is from the media reports that the CEM seat will be distributed to the The three MDCs of the UDP party, this has shown the failure of the current EC.
“We welcome this announcement by the Chief Minister who has listened and respected the voice of the people from all over the country especially from the Paid Trai-Ri, Trai-Muluk, who are one of the ethnic groups that will be allowed to “It is to be recalled that on 3rd October 2019, the MoEFCC announced and proposed to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the MPHRC. The IFA Act 1927, which is more than 90 years old, has sent a letter to all the State Governments for their comments after consultation with all those involved in the land, forests and forests. They should send their comments within 90 days until 7th July
Speaking to media after the CLP meeting, he said that the government does not see the problem faced by the people because there is no shortage of market especially in Shillong. They demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the matter to find out where the cows are going when they have to pass through Meghalaya.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also inaugurated the road to Mairang Presbyterian Science College via NH-44E.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Total number of COVID-19 cases in Shillong today has risen to 24, with 14 cases from East Khasi Hills and 5 cases from West Khasi Hills. sun.
In his speech as the chief guest, Noverfiel R Marak MLA said that the use of education in this age is very important. On this occasion, he congratulated the Chief Minister of the state for inaugurating this new school building.
On the other hand, the party congratulates these wrestlers from Meghalaya for bringing glory to the state as a whole.
The heavy rainfall from 13/6/2023 until today has forced many people to evacuate especially the special police who have come from Shillong to Mawsynram to evacuate those who have fallen vehicles from Thiedieng village. .
The mother was taken to Hatsingimari Public Health in Dhubri district for treatment.
The Government would like to thank all the COVID-19 Management Committees who have worked with the Government during these three days of lockdown.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that from the failure to export mobile phones in 2014, we have now become a country that exports mobile phones and this industry costs thousands of crores.
This event highlights Meghalaya’s importance in India’s sporting landscape and marks a crucial step for the nation’s athletes as they strive for Olympic success.
On the other hand, the BSF troops, despite being stoned, refused to use force against the smugglers but managed to stop the smuggling.
During the visit, the Union Minister praised the farming methods and said that the farming methods should be strengthened without the use of pesticides and the Union Government will provide full support to encourage this form of farming.
The BSF seized the vehicle on a tip-off received and the BSF conducted a search operation and when the truck arrived, they seized the tyrpal. you dance.
This is the largest vaccination program in the world covering all parts of the country.
Under the NFNS, Gorkhaland, Tipraland, Bodoland, Garoland, Bundelkhand, Vidharbha, Khasi and Jaintia, Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao Autonomous State, Kuki State have joined hands to demand their own states.
The full participation of the community in the eradication of TB will cure the disease.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Logo of the 25th Anniversary of CPC was also launched on the occasion. M Danggo MLA of Ranikor distributed 200 Agar seedlings to each farmer. Total farmers who received these seedlings are 500 farmers under Ranikor Block.
The MCCEU also urged the government to implement the factory in any way so that the workers can get their monthly salary by improving the factory. it is according to the present era.
The Minister listened attentively when briefed on the operations conducted by the NDRF related to the rescue of people from floods.
The complaint was signed by MHRC President Robertjune Kharjahrin and General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem.
Regarding these explanations by Bah John F Kharshiing, the Acts 1950, 1976 and 1987, many Chief Executive Members expressed their surprise to see that these Acts since the years 1950, 1976, The Sixth Scheduled has opened the door for the non-Khasi Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups to participate in the Khadar administration within the District Councils and States. It was decided to take it to the Hima/Elaka Dorbars to explain to the people on the basis of the Sixth Scheduled.
The police report is to find out whether the abduction of the child has anything to do with prostitution or whether it is a forced marriage.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, she said that the reason why they had to leave the UDP is that the UDP candidate whom the party has ticketed has not yet reached the target. “It's a good idea to have a strong victory in the 2018 elections,” said Bah Myrthong.
The letter was signed by all four MLAs, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Process T Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem and Mohendro Rapsang. the head of the state in the office.
They protested against the arrest of AICC Vice President Rahul Gandhi and other AICC leaders while they were on their way to visit a soldier who was stationed in the country. On the other hand, the MPYC has alleged that if it is as it is now, it has been treated as an emergency without “It is not necessary to introduce the views of the BJP to the people,” she said.
Police have seized 827 Guggies worth Rs 4 lakh from Uttarpratpur village in Sylhet.
Speaking to reporters, Dajied Kynsai Syiem, who was abducted by the suspects, said that the abduction was due to the mistaken identity of the suspects who claimed to be a manager with the intention of killing ask for money but you don't have to pay for it.
The day was also celebrated with trekking, games and dancing.
Not only that, when we live together it is also a way for us to earn a living from fishing and selling kha tyrkhong.
The DG said that the cooperation with the RRU is about building a strong relationship that will shape the future of the Assam Rifles and will further develop the RRU.
Inside the jail in Shillong, an awareness campaign was conducted by the Manbha Foundation and the police authorities at the District Jail. Road.
They have sent a letter to Bah H.Syiem, Deputy Secretary of KHADC today to clarify the issue of not being allowed to sell land to relatives and not being treated as foreigners. Khasi Pnar and the Sordar of the Khyriem King Ship.
The college has been affiliated to the North Eastern Hills University and the college has given full recognition to the college, but unfortunately the state government has not provided any assistance. The Government has not approved the College.
The KSU urges the government to provide them with a Police Outpost at Mukroh which has been the demand of the KSU and other KSU members in the past.
The complaint was lodged by the family members of the woman and the court remanded the policeman in judicial custody for 14 days.
Students from outside the state will have to take the examination online.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Police of Ri Bhoi District today arrested three drug traffickers from Lumkeni.
“Prime Minister Duh said that the country has shown India's strength to the world.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla may be the first Minister in Meghalaya to visit Nongpriang, a village about two hours away.
Presenting the budget, the Chief Minister said that the expenditure for the 2021-2022 fiscal year will be about T.17,603/- crore while the revenue is estimated at T.15,262/-.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister also met with the civil society organizations to listen to their concerns and on the part of the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister promised to look into the matter. demand yours.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioners of the state, on receiving this information, have informed all the Rangbah Shnongs as soon as possible so that it will be a protection for the people.
There are 59 recoveries today, 8 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 22 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from North Garo Hills, 10 from Ri Bhoi and 10 from South West. Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 3.
According to a directive issued by the Shillong Municipal Board, the owner of the parking lot has been allowed to charge T.10 per shikriah, or 50 kilo plastic bags, or polo shikriah from all vendors. They were arrested at the Anjalee Parking Lot.
Other smuggled goods seized include Masi, wildlife and many others.
Besides, the Delimitation Committee has not prepared or amended the Draft Bill, but it is the same one passed by the KHADC and rejected twice by the Governor.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today visited the Civil Hospital Shillong to complete the second request for the protection against the spread of the disease. COVID-19 disease.
And she said, We have lands which are on the top of the mountains.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today said that the government has to reconsider the proposal for peace talks with the GNLA. until she refused to take the life of a woman.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Executive Officer of SMB, Bah BS Sohlya, said that he has not received any information on this and said that officials of the office will be sent to look into the matter. message.
During the meeting, they discussed issues related to the border especially those areas which are in conflict and how to avoid conflict in the coming days on the border.
The interim budget proposes to write off such arrears of taxes amounting to Rs.25000/- from this period to the financial year 2009-10 and up to Rs.10,000/- for for the fiscal years 2010-11 to 2014-1
Prestone said that if there is a need to amend the Municipal Act, it will have to be done in the next Budget Session to release Nongmali from the Municipal so that Nongmali does not fall under the Municipal Act. the Municipal.
Questions that the party puts before the government.
For slap with your hand, for rang with your pump.
In this book number 1.37 & 1.38 there is an article about the Khasi people which doesn't agree at all and at the same time it has affected and destroyed us as a nation because it is explained in this book. The book says that a Khasi woman can marry many men.
The 26 cases in the state are from East Khasi Hills, 21 from Ri Bhoi District and 1 from West Garo Hills.
During the distribution of information, some households received the information from the SMB without signing and some households signed the information provided by the office.
Shillong, March 07: The Meghalaya government has taken steps to bring back the students of the state who have been stranded in Sikkim due to the natural disaster.
Shillong, Lber 30: The top leaders of the ANVC(B) have issued an order that all members of the ANVC(B) should return to their residence at Eden Bari to ensure that there will be no violence. Don't worry about this Election MP.
The 1M1B program focuses on nurturing innovation and fostering the next generation of human-centered leaders who use new age tools to address age-old challenges.
The government also wants to forcibly make Hynniewtrep Indians in which we all know that our heroes like Kiang Nongbah did not fight for the Khar iap but for the country and the Hynniewtrep people. from the tyranny of the English.
Khrawkupar Nongsiej said that when they open their shops, they have to apply for a trading license and they have to follow the rules and regulations of the municipal.
The reason why the people are doing this illegal coal mining is that they hope that the BJP will resolve this illegal mining as it promised in its election manifesto.
In the past, they came to look for work, but now the trouble has come.
Sutnga Saipung National People’s Party SANTA MARY SHYLLA (WINNER), 6.
The payment of salaries of employees, the lack of vehicles to avoid the damage if you stand like that for those who have not loaded the stones, but because this is the life and death of the people, we have to urge the traders to wait. shuwa shipor so that this disease will not spread.
The President of the CSWO said that in the coal mines, not even water is available in these areas, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board should investigate this, said the President of the CSWO. Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) has invited the public to a public meeting to be held at 7-Mer Jowai on Tuesday. or on 2/11/2020.
The Cabinet today improved the recruitment rules for the Land Record and Survey Department. The new rules are that applicants must be able to walk 5 km in 45 minutes. , they must have clear eyesight and be able to use telescopic mapping equipment.
Regarding this, he said that the party's supporters from the border areas and higher areas are still inside the party. The party and this entry of them has given peace to the party.
Therefore, the members of the party have to close down these offices in these two districts so that the paradoh parasnam can take part in the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
For the information of the public, all hospitals have been directed to display the price in their hospitals so that the public does not misunderstand.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary KSU CEC was the chief guest and Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar, Organizing Secretary KSU CEC was the chief guest. Elizabeth Nongbri, a Khasi volunteer in Bangalore.
When the village authorities of Khliehriat village saw that someone had come, they informed the government authorities. The district authorities searched for him and sent him for testing. -19 Positive.
Speech was also delivered by Babu Boldness L Nongum, Principal of the College on Gandhi's vision of making India the cleanest country in the world.
Shillong, November 14: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed the Bill for the division of new constituencies. The bill will be sent to the Governor for his approval.
Nongrang, a Batch 1992 IPS Officer, is the first Khasi woman IPS Officer to hold this rank in the State Police.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.B Kharshiing said that it is no longer a struggle to prevent the spread of TB but a struggle to eradicate the disease. the most beautiful in the world.
After this, the Assam police also destroyed the school building at Khlieh Umwang which was built under the central government scheme and not under the state government scheme.
According to a statement sent by the state police, on receiving the information, they conducted a thorough investigation and after receiving the information, they rushed to the scene. Wanboklang Kharbudnah residence in Nongumlong and found the schoolgirl in his custody.
The total scheme approved is T.4,500 crore.
Regarding the number of students who have obtained full scores or those who have obtained 720/720, it was found that 67 students have obtained full scores this year.
Shillong, July 13: The Governor of Nagaland and Meghalaya, RN Ravi, met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi at his residence in Delhi today.
Furthermore, the Border Management Department of the Ministry of Home Affairs has taken up 992 schemes in the North East, including Meghalaya under the construction of roads and bridges, since 2014-1
Those who saw the incident immediately informed the police and the police immediately took the newborns to Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong for treatment.
The union also congratulates the DMC of South West Khasi Hills District for his initiative and honesty in achieving the demand of the union and we wish him the best of luck. MSSASA President H. Pariong said that the SSA has been working hard to ensure the smooth running of the SSA in the district.
Move from forest areas (especially forests) to areas where there is no wildlife.
The Forum expresses its regret and regret over the failure of the Meghalaya government to allow the Assam government to take over the areas that are still in the midst of the border dispute.
This will allow people to decide on their own path and to decide which path they want in the good of the country, for the good of their families and in the struggle to reach them. their desire.
The villages recognized as clean places will be announced after a thorough assessment by a team led by the Central Government who will visit these villages,” said Bakshi.
The park was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem who was the chief guest in the presence of former Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and other other.
Besides, the CMD of MeECL is also one of the members of the company as MeECL is involved with MEEPL. Energy Efficiency Services Limited has been established by the Central Government for a long time.
In the hope that the Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village, will arrest and hand over these people to the police, the family members of this child went to the Sordar Shnong on The Sordar Shnong has arrested him and wants them to reach a peace agreement as the brother of the Rangbah Shnong is also one of the accused.
In Uttarakhand, there was also one case of AEFI but he was discharged home after receiving treatment.
He also expressed the need for the cooperation of the party with the Dorbar Shnong-Dorbar Hima in ensuring the safety and security of the community, the region and the nation as a whole.
He said besides the MDC scheme, he will also try water schemes from PHE, road from PWD, school, community hall and other assistance from the government.
The number of cases in the districts is 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in West Garo Hills, 1 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills. hospital day of East Khasi Hills District.
The people want if the MLA can build only a pedestrian bridge so that they can come and go during the rainy season and leave the night halfway during the rainy season. to the road.
: The KHNAM has strongly supported the demand of the KSU to expel the illegal immigrants from Mahadev Kola.
He said that the Scheme for the year 2022-23 has been completed and they can get detailed information from the office of the Deputy. Commissioner and except for a few who have not sent the Utilization Certificate.
This section will be a way to bring relief and assistance to the people of the area especially during urgent needs or even during the bank closure.
These three persons are Khasi Pnar, some are elderly, some are young, some are ANMs who have worked for two to 40 years. 1st June 2023 they will no longer be able to work in the PHCs run by the Trust.
In this regard, he congratulated the many people, individuals, kurs, and villages who have donated land for the National Games 2022, he said that the MSOA has taken the initiative to The Sports Policy will be introduced as part of the development of sports in the state and to open up opportunities for the youth to compete in the National and International Championships.
The road from Mawlai to Kalong Bridge has been repaired by the KHADC after the PWD Department of the State Government has given permission to repair the old GS Road which has turned into a recreation area. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai District Unit today opened its office in Jowai.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister also spoke about what is happening within the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and what is happening within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
He said that the loss of land has reached T.7,00,000/- tyngka.
The BSF in collaboration with the State Police on the 22nd of this month, 2024, seized a large quantity of sugar and kwai worth about T.20 lakh.
On the other hand, the police have urged the public to inform the police if they have any questions and if they have any information, they should inform the police and the police department will not release the names. of those who gave information.
On the other hand, Grace, MDC of this village, after receiving information that those households who have tested positive for COVID-19 have to undergo quarantine according to the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has found ways and means to deliver the relief goods to these households.
This will be for all teaching posts in the state government from those teaching in Class Arit to those teaching in colleges.
To enrich the day, there were also performances by the students.
These recommendations will be submitted to the Core Committee which will take two or three days and after that we will send them to the Government,” said Dr Jemino.
She also said that the media has a major role to play in highlighting the shortcomings in the implementation of child protection.
Speaking on the issue of environmental protection, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs said that the wildlife should not be treated badly. law and to ensure that those who commit and torture animals should be punished.
On the other hand, the PHE despite the criticism has worked hard to complete this work and this scheme will provide drinking water to the people living in Jowai which is currently closed.
KSU Nongkhlaw Circle General Secretary Shanbor Dkhar said.
Paragraphs 3 and 12 of the Sixth Schedule were also discussed.
He was found to be one of the suspects in the case.
It should be ensured that the revenue that the Government should receive will not be leakage of revenue and also to prevent illegal activities which allow non-Indigenous people to work and earn without paying taxes to the Government.
In the Assembly, VPP MLAs and other political parties have tried to raise this issue, but the government has not allowed the parties.
On receiving this information, the Nongthymmai Police Station rushed to the scene and took him from the hands of the residents and registered a case against him.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Iewdielang on the existing site. The market will have three floors. and above it shall be a marketplace of fruit and vegetables.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, since the outbreak in Meghalaya, 96496 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 94797 people have recovered and 94797 people have died. 1619 cases have been confirmed so far.
Police have been patrolling around Shillong to ensure that there will be no incident.
Of the 10 billion people on earth, about 10 billion are unbelievers.
Referring to the 29 Elaka Sirdarships, the KHADC authorities according to the website (Acts, Laws, Rules, Regulations) to date have drafted and enforced only 7 Acts of the Hima Sirdarships which fall under our jurisdiction. British India is not the Khasi States which have the status of Indian States.
, Chief Secretary, Government of Tamil Nadu to convey the issues of the Scheduled Tribes in Tamil Nadu including the request for the appointment of the Tamil Nadu Scheduled Tribes Commission by the State Government as directed and recommended by the NCST. empowers the Tamil Nadu Tribal Council, Executive Council to appoint any members when necessary.
Tura, Jymmang 13: The Unified Peace Movement in Garo Hills under the banner of the NGO has met in Tura to discuss the situation in the peace process. residence in Garo Hills.
He overcame our country’s skepticism, international competition and the threat of secession to make India a nuclear superpower.
It is because of these Khasi tribes that other people also despise and despise the Jaidbynriew.
He said that the CM has also said that it is a matter that should be taken seriously and this is the first time to hear such an issue.
Regarding the CBI's findings regarding the appointment of teachers, the UDP demanded that the government should remove all the posts appointed at that time and do so. new.
Residents of Damra market, Dudhnoi said that they arrested Momin with counterfeit money while he was trying to buy kwai.
The increase in the use of drugs by drug users has led to the increase in crime in the Mawkyrwat area which has upset the residents due to the increase in robbery and theft.
Since 2014, India has increased the length of its gas pipelines from 14,700 km to 22,000 km by
On the part of Samla Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew VLE of Lawsohtun, he congratulated the Chief Guest Bah Hamlet Dohling and all the residents of the village, farmers, 100 days workers, teachers, school children and especially the Rangbah Shnong and parents. They were the first to take part in the opening ceremony of PMGDISHA at Lawsohtun.
He said that the KHADC has always informed the Syiem, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs regarding this action of the office. Bhoi includes Marwet, Umiap and Umtyrnga raids.
The Seng will soon meet with the Director Health & Services (DHS) and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to demand that the government should immediately provide them with the necessary services. Electricity, Water Connection to the Extension Building of the PHC and to build Staff Nurse Quarters, IV Grade Quarters and also to improve the PHC. The operation of the PHC with the availability of OPD (Allopathic), OPD (AYUSH Homoeopathic), Deliveries, Immunization, School Health Programme, Adolescence Clinic and others according to the demand of the time. The PHC will be a blessing to the people of the village and if the government authorities remain silent, the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures to force the authorities.
He said that about 30% of the voters in Assam have their names, their castes, their spelling does not match, their villages and so on because their names have been taken from people who do not vote. These people have now expressed that they do not want to continue to be part of Assam.
At the same time, Bah Pyniaid said that the Executive Committee has also decided to implement the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act as it is.
Bah Shadap said that most of the souvenirs are written in foreign languages ​​because most of the people of the area are illiterate and do not understand foreign languages ​​but there are only a few. language written in Khasi.
Shillong, Nailar, 01: The 13 Sengbhalang who met today, have decided not to participate in the three committees set up by the Government to implement the recommendations of the 13 Sengbhalang. .
“The road is called the National Highway, but it is not enough even as a village road”.
Replying to a question on the COVID-19 outbreak in Assam, the Chief Minister said that according to the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the entry and exit of people from one state to another has been banned. and from one District to another.
Replying to a question by the Opposition Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngian N Syiem, he said that the rule states that the House can be convened at any time but not more than 10 days. four months, following the price increase as in the Assembly, a special session was also convened.
Regarding the pistols found at the scene of the shooting, the investigation said that they were homemade pistols, while the two experts from Assam gave a reply. Fullmoon Dhar escaped from Shillong jail in 2009 and on the following day he was found with pistols made in the USA. Dhar died on the spot while the others were arrested.
The lesson that children will learn is how to speak, speaking is not easy but difficult to express in speech what they have.
This has surprised those who visited the scheme. He said that since the launch of the scheme in November 2020, the allocation for the scheme has been Rs 209 crore. to produce pork from this state.
When tested, 370 grams of powder seized was found to be heroin.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The 40th Bonsai Tree Exhibition organized by the Shillong Society (SBI) at All Saint Cathedral Hall Shillong will last for two days.
Shillong, July 15: A tourist attraction was inaugurated at Nokrek National Part at Darekbokgre village in Shillong today. This is the first tourist attraction to be opened with the funding of the Swadesh Darshan scheme of the Central Government.
On this occasion, the Chairman of GHADC, said that the students should be the spokespersons in this regard, at the same time urged them to take responsibility to take responsibility. to preserve the environment.
In this regard, the union has decided to hold a rally on 21st March 2022, this rally will bring together all the youth who are facing this problem, due to the lack of attention of the government to the youth. lose hope in their future and often fall into evil deeds.
He said that the part of these departments will give advice on how to find ways and means to avoid traffic jam.
It is learned that many people have been infected with the disease but most of them have no symptoms. Therefore, the government urges them to take action to get tested. Those who are positive and those who have symptoms of the disease should quarantine for 7 days.
The Ministry of Defense has also worked with retired doctors from the armed forces to provide health care to the people in some states.
We are pleased that this power will be returned to the Governor as per the original Sixth Schedule so that the State can protect itself from the implementation of the Acts of Parliament especially those which affect the customs and traditions. In particular, the land, mineral resources, forests, the illegal entry of foreigners and the ownership of foreigners.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor in his speech, said that the Election Commission attaches great importance to ensuring that there is a conducive environment for the smooth running of elections in the state.
The strawberry fields of Meghalaya beckon one and all as the state is all set to host the “Strawberry Festival" from April 5 to April 13 across the state which is in line with the state’s efforts to promote Agro- tourism.
Therefore, who knows if the workers from these States are allowed to enter, they may become the carriers of this disease which could endanger all the other States.
Speaking to reporters, he said that Meghalaya has improved in many aspects and there are still many shortcomings that the government still has to do, but what is still encouraging him is the quality of the state. Garo Hills is still in peace and order.
For the sake of the people of the district and those who come in need from other districts, the union urges the police force of East Jaintia Hills District to work hard to arrest and eradicate the genocide. Immediately stop such crimes and horrific crimes and also other crimes in East Jaintia Hills District”.
This has affected the students of the school because in these hours the parents are busy to provide their children with food, vegetables and uniforms. The government should not take action against this because it really affects the students and students as well because everyone uses light.
On this occasion, the organization honored 45 students who have passed well from all over the Barrak Valley.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Government has decided to resolve the border dispute with the Assam Government.
“The government led by Narendra Modiji aims to assist and empower our traditional medicine to spread beyond the society and borders and help people to live a better life. healthy lifestyle and bring about development for the region.
Shillong, July 07: U Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today announced that the government has allocated T.5 crore for Eco Tourism.
There are 4 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. There are 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has warned that anyone who violates the rules and regulations laid down by the District Administration will be punished according to the law.
For farmers who have Kisan Creit Cards, they are allowed to withdraw up to T.25,000/- per month and this will only be for those who have their accounts in the banks that have been issued. For those who have already registered with the APMCs, they are allowed to withdraw up to T.50,000/- per month.
There are 29742 samples tested, 28967 negative and 260 pending results. The number of returnees is 23,309 so far.
Along with him, Nand Kishore Thakur was also arrested on the 1st of this month.
The CEM said that the Monolith Festival belongs to the District and has been handed over to the KHFC to conduct.
Regarding the traffic jam in the area, he said that it is the permission of the police to pass many lanes from the uphill and downhill sides. you have brought the vehicle to a stop.
On Saturday 26/10/2019, a meeting of Khasi Students and Workers in New Delhi was held by the Unit in the presence of Samla Lambokstar Marngar, President Sengkmie. Samla Manly Nongpluh, Finance Secretary of the Sengkmie was also present as the Chief Guest, Samla Ruben Najiar, CEC Member of the Sengkmie.
The Chief Minister said that in Khyndai Lat there are unlicensed shops which have been operating for more than 25 years. to the government, as it is now illegal in the eyes of the law.
“However, it should be remembered that India is a country united by many States or Kingdoms as mentioned in Article 1 of the Constitution and is also a country like the United States.
Kumar said the elections would be held in nine districts across the country.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the Council has set up a Special Committee to discuss the Bill.
Is it only Laskein Block that doesn't have jobs under the PWD North Division? Which contractor is working in Laskein Block in North Division?
We didn't have that time.
Warriors.
In the petition, the AMTT said that it is surprised to learn that the present government has introduced the Meghalaya State Policy for Weighbridges, 2018 which is in violation of the ruling of the Supreme Court. this new policy is not new but merely a revival of the old one.
At the same time, regarding the bill, Grace Marry Kharpuri said that the introduction of the bill will not be a discrimination against anyone.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahry today swore in 11 Ministers of the government of Dr Mukul Sangma including three women and five men.
The visitors, who had relied on captain Kevin Christopher’s century yesterday to get them to over 300, declared on their overnight score but Sikkim were nowhere near reaching the target of 393 for victory as they were shot out for 64 in 40.5 overs.
The body of Tariang Lymba, 8 years old, was recovered at 10 pm and the mother of Julias Lymba was recovered at 4.40 pm. and he received it, and did not rejoice.
Shillong, Naitung 11: There are 11 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 3 in Ri Bhoi and 4 in West Garo Hills. There are 103 cases to date.
When he was only 7-8 years old, he started going with his father to prepare for Jatra Parties and received awards in the community for his skills as a barikor.
The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should relocate only 195 households to the quarters built by the State Government. According to the RTI reply received from the Shillong Municipal Board (SBM), 147 households are not employees of various departments of the Government.
There is also a complaint about the increase in electricity bill without proper explanation from the bill distributors.
The JAC will send a letter to the President and Governor of the State regarding this appointment.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), the owner of the parking lot at Umsohsun, is aware that the roof of the parking lot has fallen from the inside.
“We have close relations with our neighboring countries in cooperation and friendship.
After the speeches of the experts, a discussion was held among all the participants.
This tournament has brought about a change in the country where people have become very interested in sports and we are proud that this tournament is being held in Assam.
Shillong, June 01: Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today met at Brahmaputra Guest House in Guwahati to discuss the border issue between the two countries. two states that have been in existence for many years.
Shillong, Lber 14: The office of the Secretary to the Legislative Assembly of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has announced that the filing date for the post of Chairman and CEM will be on the first day of the month. 16/03.2020 , Those who wish to contest these elections can register.
The villages under Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division are as follows:
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that from time to time they have gone to talk to the government from the Minister Incharge of PWD Department Sniawbhalang Dhar, ADC East Jaintia Hills as well as the Minister Incharge of PWD Department. officers of this branch.
On the other hand, the BROs have seized puh shilum vehicles, trucks to carry soil for the purpose of repairing the road which has collapsed due to the heavy rainfall in these days. The road cannot be repaired.
Up to this point, it is clear that the AD Rules,
On this occasion, an information competition, photography and discussion on the harm caused by the collection of garbage by the employees of the Municipalities was held.
Referring to the MDC post, he said that he doesn't have the intention to contest elections from the parties because sometimes he is in his hands and sometimes he has a bomb and the change doesn't recognize him. , said Mr. Ardent.
At this meeting, the KSU also sought clarification on the registration of foreign workers in the district under the Work Permit as announced by the Government of Meghalaya through the Political Department in April
The Cabinet meeting of the Meghalaya Government on Friday approved the proposal to purchase 50 acres of land at Pung Nongmahir, Ri-Bhoi District for the construction of buildings. to promote tourism and the government will spend T.10 crore to purchase the land.
Such an incident of bloodshed is unacceptable in society.
Shillong, June 25: The question is whether Meghalaya will be able to host the National Games in 2022 which will also be the 50th Anniversary of the state.
The Karbi have been holding fast to the government announcement issued in 1951 and now they have plans to set up a PHE office in Umlaper, a BOP in Umsarang and a Sub. The division will be held at Madan Umwang, the temporary residence will be held at Jatalong.
Shillong, Nailur 24: A team of Second Year Post Graduate students of NEIGRIHMS Pathology Department, including Dr. Junali Das and Dr. Devina Laishram, have won the Eastern Zonal Quiz in Hematology held at Kaziranga. the day of Saturday is over.
Many times federal police are hired to bring in state police and many times there is a problem getting federal police.
“Because the Government has admitted that it has complied with the law, it is surprising that the reply has revealed the cover-up of the mistakes of the Home (Police) in implementing the Section 12 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 which stipulates the term of office of the police which states, “Officers appointed to the rank of Director General of Police; Inspectors General of Police; The term of office of Range Deputies or Officers-in-Charge of Police Stations shall be for a period of two years only.
Speaking at the meeting, the Dorbar Shnong congratulated the MDC for his initiative which has brought benefits to the residents of Lumkshaid.
The Secretary Shnong also thanked the parents of all the members of the KSU for their encouragement. to encourage their children to love their country and to serve their brothers and sisters.
The VGF will be capped at 60% of the estimated cost of the project and this will not be linked to inflation.
To make it more convenient for the people of the state, the hospital will pick up the patients either from the airport or from the railway station in the city.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Nongrum said that the MTDC has not lost anything because they have received the rent, but the important thing is that the hotel has been destroyed. now for many, many years they have wanted to see it done.
Therefore, activities related to economic development in the region should focus on resource-efficient practices, which do not affect forests but enhance resources in a sustainable and which cannot be supported.
In another raid, BSF troops of 200 Battalion in collaboration with Meghalaya Police seized 10,000 kilograms of sugar hidden in a house on the border of Rongra village, South Garo Hills. .
Referring to the villages on the border with Assam, he said the government wants them to get the same benefits as others.
Speaking on the partnerships, RK Mathur, Lieutenant Governor of Ladakh said that the availability of electricity in Ladakh is essential.
The Hima Mylliem has decided to hand over the vacant land to the Urban Development Department to the Government of the State. to be able to do something about that land and to build anything for the benefit of the people of the state.
Another part is the G-20 logo, which will be part of the wreath laying ceremony at the Red Fort.
The festival will be concluded by the Governor of Meghalaya Dr KK Paul and this will be the first time for the Governor of Garo Hills to visit Garo Hills after taking over as the Governor of Garo Hills. Governor of the state.
However, on our part, only the Police Outpost which should have been set up in Mukroh has been moved to Barato.
The President said the Government of India is doing its utmost to ensure that women have their share in the economic development and income generation of the country.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, after the first Cabinet meeting of the new government, said that the Budget Session will start on the 14th of this month. The budget year of the government will end on the 31st of this month.
The incident happened on the night of 20th June 2024 at Urkaliar, Shillong where a fierce clash broke out between the two groups. the seat.
This statement is misleading and deceitful.
It is expected that this work will be achieved through these procedures which are the provision of the conditions that pave the way for the manufacture of these items and with the careful consideration of the new design, clear and strict rules.
To ensure that the reopening of the market will be in accordance with the rules and regulations of the government, the KHADC will send its Enforcement personnel to assist the Mylliem Police.
The winners of the Meghalaya Day Awards 2023 were also announced. The Tirot Sing Award 2023 in the field of Culture and Heritage was awarded to Sweetymon Rynjah. The Pa Togan N Sangma Award 2023 was awarded to Dr Jennifer V Basaiawmoit and the Kiang Nangbah Award 2023 was awarded to Klingson D Marak.
Shillong, July 17: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the State Government to bring peace and stability in the state especially in Ribhoi District and East Khasi Hills District. The JNC strongly condemns the Congress government led by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma over the protest against the construction of Re road in Ribhoi District. The JNC has alleged that the government has not yet extinguished the strongest fire in the state. On the other hand, the MR has poured petrol on the strongest fire by announcing that it will be extinguished. The railway line to Sohra has been destroyed by the public in the name of development.
On this occasion, a march pass was held by the students of these schools, and after the flag raising ceremony by Bah Sawkmie.
Why the NDA government cannot implement the CAB and why the MDA government cannot implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
He was accompanied by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, UDP MLAs and several leaders.
According to the investigation of the police, the robbers found that the money was T.87,667/- tyngka.
During the raid, they found that they did not have proper documents and the surprising thing is how did they get permission to try to enter South West Khasi Hills District at such a time.
Elishon Nongrum – Publicity Secretary and 20 Executive Members.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The four-day recruitment exercise for youths from 11 districts of Meghalaya started today at Tura with the participation of 4000 youths from the state. Meghalaya has joined the army.
The union leaders also expressed their concern about the lack of linemen to curb the increasing power outages.
On the part of the Syiem of the Hima, he also gave his blessings to the Nongtnger Kur for peace and harmony, in the strength of the jaid and to be united in all matters.
In the meantime, the usual festivals will be held as usual. The festival will be held as usual on this day. The Minister in charge of Tourism, Secretary Dr. Vijay Kumar was also present. and the Director of Tourism, Bah CVD Diengdoh.
The Khelo India Games, which was first held in 2018, has brought about many changes in sports in the rural areas of the country.
Subrat Das, Chief Postmaster General of the North East, said that the National Postal Week was celebrated in India from 9th to 14th April.
The eSanjeevaniAB-HWC was launched in November 2019 and 22 states have started using the platform for about 2 million patients who have received treatment from doctors and specialists.
RNB Cements has started planting trees today at Umiam, where its dewbilat factory is located, in the presence of Dr Shantanu Dutta as the pioneer.
On that day i.
He was also the first Khasi to have a printing press which was fully equipped according to the present day.
Ri-Bhoi Police on Tuesday at 9:00 pm rushed to Nalbari District, Assam after the husband of Kong Kirit was found dead. At about 3:30 pm, the Officer Incharge of Mukulmua Police Station received a tip that they have arrested two suspects. Samsul Hoque and Abdul Aziz of Nalbari District, Assam were arrested in connection with a blue Ignis vehicle without registration number.
Pyniaid donated the vehicle through the Chief Minister's Development Fund (CMDF).
After being taken to the police station on the grounds that he was a Bangladeshi, he lodged a criminal complaint with the Chairperson of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission, Ret. Justice T Vaiphei against him. Police of Dawki Police Station.
These work together to provide online, paperless solutions, capital, and secure digital transactions in a variety of industries.
The cluster-based approach to building economic hubs in the North East, the strengthening of the North East corridor is what can be further strengthened by using the transportation opportunities through the areas. shong umThe attraction of investment by individuals and private groups in logistics assets.
This shows the presence of officers who do not think for the sake of the family and as an organization that has a responsibility for the development of the community and the area which still needs a lot of assistance. They should fulfill their duties properly so that it will be a blessing to the people of the community and the area as a whole.
Among those who have registered, five are elderly and one is a mother.
The Garo Hills Agro Food Park was inaugurated by the All Garo Hills Multi Purpose Cooperative Society (AGHMPCS) under the leadership of Fr. Sunny Mavelil.
During these days of lockdown, people are facing many problems in terms of income, health, food, transportation and other problems.
The memorial service was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, followed by the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma. Mayralborn Syiem MLA and others.
This has been amended through the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act, 2019 to introduce subsections (5) & (6) for schools or workplaces recognized by a body notified by the Central Government.
There are about 700 students from outside the state who have to take the Post Graduate examination and about 3000 students who have to take the Under Graduate examination. 22000 and 2000 Post Graduates.
The complaint of these students who passed the Jugali examination under MeECL is that the result released by MeECL was only for one year, but now it has been more than three months. It has not appointed any of those who have passed this examination.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya. don't go to the hospital for treatment.
Shillong, March 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, on Tuesday said that a meeting held at his office on the MP election. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the meeting was held to discuss with the MDA. The MDA as a group is to discuss issues related to the government and issues related to the parties. They have agreed within the MDA government as a group to work together for the development of the country and what they do is that they do as a group within the MDA government. They have been directed to discuss this issue within their respective parties and will come to the MDA to discuss this issue.
Shillong, July 30: Two persons were arrested by the Border Security Force (BSF) at Hat Thymmai in East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya this morning.
Under the PMAY scheme, 1553 toilets, 570 public toilets and 18 toilets will be constructed across the state. He said that these 207 electric vehicles will be distributed to different blocks in Khasi Hills and the same program will be launched in Garo Hills.
The program was conducted by Bah W.Syiemïong, Chairman, Synjuk Youth Association, South West Khasi Hills District. District.
The teachers who came to take part in this strike today are from all over the state.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The National Working President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Nicky Nongkhlaw on Tuesday said that the Trinamool Congress (TMC) will not be able to clean up the allegations of corruption within the party. They thanked the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Enforcement Directorate of the Union Government, which is in charge of the expenditure of government funds, today received all the documents from the president of the CSWO, Kong. Agnes Kharshiiing that the Central Government Department will take over the investigation into the complaints regarding the illegal activities in the Ministry of Education and the purchase of land within the Ministry of Education. News Shillong Township.
The meeting was conducted by the Dorbar Shnong.
Similarly, the Warsanlyngdoh area which falls under Mawkyrwat is very difficult for them as the distance is more than 50km.
In a letter sent to the Minister in charge of HRD, Bah Lyngdoh said that the appointment of principals by the state government in its colleges is based on the long service of the teachers. Following the rules laid down by the UGC, it is on this basis that principals in state government colleges are in office for only between three and six months.
The KSU NEHU Unit and NEHUSU also demanded that NEHU should not mislead the announcement of the university or intend to change it.
Many people came to witness the screening of the film.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Soh niamtra farmers in Meghalaya are facing problems as the soh trees start stemming their leaves as the days go by. parts of the state of Meghalaya.
While this case is pending, the decisions issued on 8.10.2012 and 15.10.2012, have been postponed.
The house belonging to Bah Rani has been destroyed by unnamed criminals.
In these years, the Book Fair has been very encouraging because people come to visit even if they don't buy the books which they have brought tens of thousands of copies.
There are those who don't have banks but have now opened accounts in banks.
Shillong Lajong will play against Nangkiewirat SC on the 20th of this month at the same venue.
This is a disrespect to the CEM's position,” said Marak.
Shillong, Lber 12: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has allowed Meghalaya to sell 200,000 metric tonnes of coal which is currently 32 lakh metric tonnes. tone.
He said that last year more than 100,000 tourists came to Meghalaya and he hopes that this year more tourists will come to Meghalaya.
Administrative Powers – Clause 5.
The amount of money collected by the Rupang Poverty Committee this year was T.24030 (twenty-four thousand forty tyngka) donated by people who are concerned and enthusiastic about the poor.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare had promised to take their matter to the Cabinet but it has not been taken to the Cabinet.
Regarding the payment of salaries, Bah Roypar said, “Since the Government has implemented the EMRi-108, the employees have only received their salaries and there are no other benefits such as holidays, Provident Fund and Health Insurance.
Shillong, Nailar 31: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Preston Tynsong today held a meeting between the Urban Affairs Department and the Government in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar. officers of the Shillong Municipal Board and the Deputy Commissioner in charge of Land.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the Seng Samla Jatah Lakadong has taken the initiative to conduct such awareness programs in the spirit of responsibility and vision to shape the future by adding that as a present generation we are living in an age of many problems and struggles.
They raised many questions that if this can happen, what will happen to the people who live in the rural areas or even those who live in Shillong if they want to send their children to school in this school when they cannot? You can visit this place without receiving complete information or without paying your school fees.
Gujarat has launched the water supply program since 2002 and has been a sign of successful implementation of the scheme.
The management has promised in front of the union leaders to resolve this issue immediately and has also promised that there will be no increase in the class fees of the 5th semester students.
However, in a short period of time, it has been only 3 (three) months.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the cost of construction of this road has reached T.2300 crore and with the existence of this road it will improve the traffic. It takes 8 hours from Shillong to Tura.
The OBC Morcha also held a meeting in Nongpoh, led by Maneshwar Singh, in the presence of Dell Nonglait, General Secretary East Khasi Hills and OBC President Arun Kumar.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressing his gratitude to be able to participate in the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the district, said that the district has been successful due to the mutual support and cooperation of all the residents.
Total data uploaded as of 30th November, 2019 is 2.30 million line kilometers of 2D seismic data, 0.78 million square kilometers of 3D seismic data and 17,588 exploratory wells.
This proposal will be for children who are struggling in terms of income.
to request the State and Central Governments to increase the wages.
This is the increase in the price of no plates of vehicles called “High Security Registration Plates”.
We should not have doubts about them.
The Freedom Run marks the 75th anniversary of India's independence and is part of the nationwide Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 11 people have died of COVID-19 positive in East Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to 1,174 with 1, East Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 2, South Garo Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills 2 cases.
The Meghalaya Eastern Frontier Regulation (Inner Line) Bill 1979 was introduced by I (Late) Martin N Majaw, MLA in the House in
The Prime Minister also announced the distribution of Rs 13 crore under the Mudra Yojana, of which Rs 4 crore has been distributed to the first beneficiaries of such loans.
This will be T.1600/- for the sample fee T.1250/-, the Gas Regulator T.150/- for the hose pipe T.150/- and for the The cost of the work will be T.50 tyngka.
He said that Prasad has an IT Team which also works with the students to develop the App.
During the meeting, both the Prime Ministers expressed their sorrow over the loss of lives of the people on the border.
The body of the child was found near Doranggre village under Shallang Police Station.
The fourth suggestion is that after receiving the suggestion, the Cabinet will consider, as it is now once the soskular is signed, the land will be owned by the Urban Development Department and the Municipal Board. and after taking over the land, the Urban Development Department will allocate land for those who are not employees of the Municipal Board and will advise the Government on how to do so.
He said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister has visited the road and the construction is not only for this road but there are other roads in Resubelpara. .
All Deputy Commissioners, except the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, have been allowed to open mobile shops, mobile phone shops, card shops and computer shops in compliance with the rules.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The total number of government employees who have reached their offices has reached 55.37 percent, but due to the shortage in Shillong, the work of the government has been affected.
“Prof Lakhon admitted that according to the UGC Model CRR, Vice Chancellors of any university cannot be appointed, but the appointment should be supervised by the Selection Committee and then by the Executive Council. I will not be able to approve whom to appoint.
When asked by the SP News Agency, regarding the Hima Nongstoin, the spokesperson of the FKS said that it is true that on the 13th July He declared the Nongstoin Hima as an independent country and the Syiem of Nongstoin, Wiklief Syiem, informed the United Nations Organization (UNO) General Assembly. sign the IOA with the Government of India.
Shillong, July 05: While the Congress leaders are busy contesting tickets in Delhi, the supporters of the party want Salseng CH Marak to be the leader after the elections. Many Congress leaders, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that the delay in announcing the candidates of the party is due to the differences between the party leaders. There is a group supporting Dr Mukul Sangma and another group supporting Bah DD Lapang.
The BLT will also lodge a complaint with the Commission for Disabilities in the state government.
He also explained in detail the four pillars of the State Capability Enhancement Framework, known as- 1) building leadership through the removal of barriers, 2) full use of data. and Research, 3) addressing challenges, 4) seeking support from various groups and 5) building bridges between the community and the State.
Shillong, June 12: The United Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (UMTAM) is proud to announce that it has produced four champions and two referees and judges. They will be able to represent the United Muay Thai Association of India.
Sandondor Ryntathiang and several leaders from Umsning, Ribhoi and Sohiong districts have unanimously decided to leave the HSPDP. and to connect with the Voice of the People.
He said that as this great man who spoke a lot about the environment and many of the challenges faced by the nation, we should remember such great men of the nation.
The government will not be able to provide 100% water to all households as targeted due to these problems such as light, delay in financial crisis, delay in getting land for construction. to top them up and get a source of water.
The meeting was attended by Langrin MDC Manstudy Nongrem, Ranikor MLA Pious Marwein, Nongstoin MDC LG Nongsiej, Nongstoin MLA Macmillian Byrsat and others. the groups came together.
"We have 6800 thousand villages in the state and now we have Water Committees in every village and when there is any problem regarding water, we ensure that these committees will take care of this issue. and to work with the Government, Districts, Block Officers, and the relevant department to ensure that water is available in the villages,” he added.
In the last Budget Session, Andrew Shullai MDC asked how much share the JHADC should receive from the government. The Council still needs to receive about T.100 crore.
He worked in this parish for many years as a parish priest.
Police and Election Department officials have conducted the search of vehicles in all the constituencies in East Kahsi Hills District to ensure that there will be no money laundering or drug trafficking in East Kahsi Hills District. this election.
This will be the same for the Garo people who should have got Garoland to call their community by the name of the state, as other communities in India have been called by the name of the state. Maharashtra for the Marathis, Nagaland for the Nagas.
This was announced by Tarzon Lymba, President HNYF Southern Riwar Mihngi Circle and Bah Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary, FKJGP War Jaintia Circle.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26: It cannot be said that the deterioration of roads is a problem across Meghalaya.
Regarding the spread of an article which is not known who wrote it but addressed to the KSU leaders and in the article they warned the members of the KSU, on this the government and the police department should investigate. to punish them according to the law.
During the meeting, the leaders of the KSU Saphai Unit expressed their concerns and the SDO promised to take action on this issue as soon as possible.
From Nongstoin constituency, Charles Sohshang, Gresland Thabah, Nathaly Iawphniaw, Rambrai MLAs are Andy Hujon, Kitbor Lyngdoh and Phumstar Lyngkhoi.
Shillong, March 17: The Congress party today held a nationwide election to elect the new president of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) with two candidates, Mallikarjun Khagre and Shashi Tharoor. .
The house of Kong Meltina from 20 Mer village, is a house in danger because it happened that the ground collapsed near where they live and her house is adjacent to the road. bah 4 lanes.
He also praised the introduction of social work as a punishment for criminal offenses saying that this will help the law enforcement system to bring about change and gave further suggestions on this. section.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Titosstarwell Chyne MDC of Sohra who is also the CEM of KHADC today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong. the location of Sohra.
The deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers is 9th June.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District Nongstoin today informed the public that although the 29th and 30th are public holidays, the office will be open for those who wish to register their names. of Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
The group was arrested on the 5th of July
Leaders of four political parties from Garo Hills have expressed their anger and strongly opposed the speech of the Chief Minister and accused the Chief Minister of being a strong fighter in the work. beer.
This bill only covers the issue of corruption and does not mention anything on any part.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that the police will punish severely those individuals who take advantage of the protest. city ​​of Shillong.
On these issues, the MPSC has clarified that it is up to the Government to do all these things and the MPSC has no objection.
To better understand the Thoh language, it is necessary to know that it differs completely from the Tah language and from the Ñiad language.
Shillong, July 22: Police of Ri Bhoi District have conducted a raid on liquor across the district.
The reason is that the Government has set the end of the Commission on 11th July
Fivestar Barth (East Jaintia Hills District) (Silver) David Changte (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze) Johnson L Tinthe (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze) Women Freestyle Wrestling (86 Kg ) Damerbha Rumnong (East Khasi Hills) (Gold )".
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the RBYF, Bah Sngewbha Sylliang, said that as usual every year, the RBYF conducts inspections and finds that the hills and rivers are filled with pollution and bitor. It is especially painful in the rivers which is a danger to the residents of the villages for their children, mothers who go to sum or wash clothes in the rivers of Ri Bhoi.
The purpose of the amendment to the Act is to create more markets for the farmers, as at present the state has only two markets, Mawiong in East Khasi Hills District and Garobada in West Garo Hills District.
Heavy generators have been delivered to the pumping stations of Coal India Ltd and preparations are underway to pump the water so that the people believed to have died will be rescued. die inside this coal mine.
There are many studies showing that the PM KISAN scheme has helped farmers to perform better in their farming activities.
She said Assam accounts for 13% of India's oil production.
She will also be given the opportunity to compete at international levels as a vocal star.
Police of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday night arrested a vehicle on the night of 24/10/2022 which was allegedly carried by an unidentified person. Kynshi and on receiving a tip, Umiam Police Station conducted a search operation and arrested the girl from the vehicle.
During the training, the doctors of the BSF said that it is better to go for check-ups at the health centers so that if done in this way it can be prevented if it is in the early stages. .
The BSF, after completing all the rules, handed over the seized clothes and the driver of the truck to the Dangar Police Out Post for further investigation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Government Press, SR Marak said that there is no information about the shortage as the office prints according to the order.
The opening of shops will be from 9.00 am to 9.00 pm and all shops must comply with the rules laid down under the COVID-19 rules.
Bah H.Kharshiing, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, also gave a blessing to the participants.
In his speech, the Vice President said that the time has come to introduce electric vehicles and the time has come for a change in the manufacture of vehicles to bring about The change is that manufacturers, suppliers and consumers should find ways to reduce the emissions of polluting vehicles.
With the laying of the foundation stone, the wishes of the people of Jiantia Hills have been fulfilled.
The training was on how to empower women, by explaining to them how to get assistance in relation to their rights, how to write complaints if any or how to give file a complaint and if necessary, they should seek the assistance of the officers.
The KSU will not use this statement to condemn anyone for this incident, as it understands that at such a time there is a need for the understanding and cooperation of all the people, groups and so on. If there is a mistake or any misunderstanding or misunderstanding, correction is needed so that the objectives can be achieved.
He urged the policy practitioners and administrators to come up with new ideas to run hospitals in the public sector.
The no confidence motion, which was scheduled to be tabled today, was placed at number 25 of the calendar of debates in the Legislative Assembly. The NPP must seek the approval of the Parliament under the Constitution of India under Article 1799 ( C ) of the Constitution.
Gurjit Singh said the matter is still pending in the Supreme Court of India and said that this action of the Meghalaya government is not right and this intention is illegal.
“Through the mercy of the MDA government, Ranikor will become a Civil Sub-Division,” said Bah Danggo. The Civil Sub-Division has accepted but Danggo has been removed.
This government scheme should reach all poor children and mothers.
In other military posts except border guarding, 40pc has been allocated to those residents affected by insurgency, Jammu and Kashmir, North Eastern states of India and those affected by insurgency. Naxal militants in the districts.
He said that at present the water supply is sufficient but 20 years from now there will be no water shortage if it cannot be prevented. amount.
Shillong, Nailur 3: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in the presence of MDC Martle N Mukhim EM of KHADC today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a CHC at Jongsha.
The group also has the authority to reinstate members to join the committee and the role of the committee is to advise the government on how to protect the waters of the river. the state.
On the other hand, the BSF has found that there are 14 places where Ganja has been planted in the village and out of these, only three places have been destroyed and the remaining places will be destroyed in the coming days. I'm still coming.
If any of those who are self-isolating at home have fever, cough or difficulty in breathing and so on, they should immediately inform by phone to the phonelane numbers.
The PM Street Vendor's AtmaNirbharNidhi (PM SVANidhi) scheme, launched on 1st July 2020, is a scheme to provide loans to street vendors in urban areas. up to T.50,000.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Speaking at a short meeting before the cleaning of the Umiam Lake View Point at Mawlai Mawiong, Iamon Syiem, a retired teacher from St Edmund's College, said that the cleaning is only for the purpose of cleaning. to show, change must begin with us.
The delay in issuing ration cards to the residents especially the poor has caused a lot of problems.
The total expenditure incurred by the Ramkrishna Mission has been T.36.76 core and the total number of beneficiaries is 7.28 lakh people and 2.21 lakh households.
He said that the country has moved forward to strengthen the health of various national programs to reach all the citizens.
The Congress party has 30 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly and according to this estimate, to dissolve the Congress party, 20 MLAs are needed to agree.
The VPP leader's request came after the beatings and arrests of people shouting the VPP slogan at the National People's Party (NPP) election rallies. happened across the election platform in the last few days.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have agreed to go to Laitumkhrah Police Station to respond to the summons.
All District Disaster Management, Gram Sevaks and BDOs have been directed to remain at their workplaces for the next 48 hours.
In fact, when you want to bring the issues, bring them but on that day they leave the House, in fact they should have come back inside the House, why do they waste their time? they could not work as an opposition party.
They asked him where he was.
The wells to supply water to this reservoir at Umthlong village are from two rivers, Wah Simon and Wah Lyngdoh and the reservoir is located at Wahlyngdoh village.
The army has also lodged an FIR against these policemen and sent this information to the higher police authorities and demanded that those policemen should be punished. kti ha this is the work of the soldiers.
The petition said that the meeting of the Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), a group of Village Authorities of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, has been held. They also discussed the government's announcement and the MUDA Bye-Laws.
For this purpose, the KHADC has allocated up to 40 lakh tyngka.
so that the work can go smoothly and be smooth when foreign leaders come to our State.
He said that all the citizens of India are equal and if anyone does wrong the law will punish them according to the law.
In a petition submitted to the Chief Minister, the family members of the victims expressed their gratitude to the government for the assistance provided by the government. smile
He said that all the political parties including the leaders of the independent candidates have informed the Returning Officer that it is not appropriate to introduce Section 144 CrPC throughout East Khasi Hills.
The members of the union have done their duty to question these mynder because it is also during the hours when the state government has imposed a curfew because it has been found that these mynder have violated them. Social Distancing, wearing of masks and so on.
Nine candidates have filed their nominations in East Khasi Hills district: Ampareen Lyngdoh, JA Lyngdoh, PM Syiem, Teilinia Thangkhiew, Brastone Kharphuli of the UDP from Sohiong constituency, Dr PM Passah of the NPP from Pynehbor constituency. Barnabas Nongbah of the Congress from Mawryngkneng constituency, Bires B Nongsiej of the UDP from Mawkyrwat constituency and one Phulbari from another constituency. , Rajabala and Sesella constituencies of West Garo Hills district.
Referring to the incidents of crime, the Minister said that they can happen in any part and in any place. On the other hand, the police have done everything possible to fight against these acts of violence against women.
At the same time, the FKS requests the ADC authorities and the Government of Meghalaya to introduce a resolution in the Assembly and District Councils on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August
The KSU has demanded that the transformers should be installed farther away from the places where there are no houses. transformers should have adequate cut outs, and there should also be regular inspection of transformers and meters.
These new Rules have come into force since
Monica Chanda, Member, Academy of Music and Silbi Passah as the winner of the award.
From the victory in the Lok Sabha Elections 2019 and the signs across India, it is clear that all political parties at the national and regional levels will have to ask carefully to understand the feelings of the people who have elected one another. in the state election and in the national election.
The BCC Mawthadraishan urged Dr. Eureka not to hold the same position for all the BCCs and not to have a spirit of discrimination.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) on Tuesday expressed its concern over the spread of the coronavirus. the Government has not established security forces in the State.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Chaniah Suchen said that the School Managing Committee (SMC) of the school has done wrong against the provisions of the Constitution. On this basis, the SMC strongly opposes and condemns the actions of the SMC which has violated human rights. The union has demanded that the office should pay the salary of the teacher within a few days, otherwise the union will immediately lodge a complaint with the Court of Law. The Director of School Literacy, Shillong will take the necessary action, said the statement.
However, since the establishment of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Council, which was approved on 23rd July 1960 by the Governor of Assam, the Six Schedule has empowered the District Councils to look after and maintain the land. , districts and kingdoms.
The MLA on this occasion donated three bands of tin sop ing to the families affected by the natural disasters.
When Khasi do any work they have to pay GST to pay taxes.
The search for the abductee was conducted jointly between the police of Meghalaya and Assa.
Asha is heavy and cannot escape.
The District Administration of East Garo Hills has intensified its search operation against the insurgents in the district to ensure that they should not be allowed to disrupt the election.
The 4 hectare farm is owned by the Lawsohtun Farmers Association which includes 20 households.
The meeting was conducted by the DC of the District, Bah A Mawlong.
"The use of Demand known as 'Transfers to States' does not mean that the cost of services cannot be borne by the Central Government.
Speaking at the meeting, he said, “We know that swachhta and drinking water are essential parts of the well-being of the people and the strengthening of Gramin Bharat.
The court said this while hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) of Bah Philip Khrawbok Shati on Friday. Your application is not sent by the State Government.
On the other hand, the Principal Secretary KS Kropha said that it is necessary to talk about the laws that the government has passed and the customs and traditions that have to be enforced. typically one to the other.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Twitter, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Mawryngkeng MLA David A Nongrum. As a child, he was a hard worker. He sent his condolences to his family and prayed that his soul may rest in peace.
Jowai, Lber 08: A Bolero Picup (ML04A-9019) overturned on the road today due to overcrowding. Three people were killed and 39 others injured.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), a group of industrialists in the country, has congratulated the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in Meghalaya under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma as Chief Minister of the state.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of HYC Lawbah Circle, Tyrsad Circle, Sawsymper Circle and Mawlai Circle.
“I don't think there would have been consultation in the past as the present government has done in this reconciliation process in the last six months. “This is the issue,” said Prime Minister Cornad.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, PDF MLA from Sohra and Jason Mawlong from Umsning were also sent but these MDCs did not respond.
The Chief Administrative Officer of ICAR has sent another circular to give a holiday on Good Friday.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills said that there are 683 polling stations in the district and these 3000 people include polling officers and assistants.
Speaking on the National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission, he said they are also looking into other areas such as education on this blood disease.
Regarding this issue, the Village Leaders from the Rangbah Shnong, and others together with the members of the JSU Mukhap Unit, have left to inform the heads of MeECL Jaintia Hills Division. Jowai, and also to the Minister in charge of this office, U C.Ymbon, where the office and the Minister promised to take action, and they have fulfilled their promise.
It is clear that the sting is the responsibility of the Meghalaya government and MeECL to do whatever is necessary, because in a letter sent to MeECL, it has made it clear that if it cannot pay the bill, The government should also prepare a scheme to prevent this power outage.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Ministers of Nagaland, Tripura, Sikkim, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Assam.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngian Syiem, in reply to a question by Bah Jambor War regarding the four areas of KHADC on the border with Assam, The distance is 2078.01 kilometers.
It is also suspected that they received the documents from Ampati village, South West Garo Hills.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Speaker said that so far MACS has received the money only from eight MLAs according to the letter they have sent.
All the 16 political parties that have signed the agreement are FKJGP, KSU, RBYF, JSU, GSU, GSMC, CORP, ADE, HNYF, HANM, CoMSO, MPLU. Shillong. , November 01: Seven presbyteries of Mairang, Nongrimmaw, Myriaw, Nongum, Mawnai and Nongthliew today held a Christmas celebration at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar. Shillong.
He said that in the past few years, only the youth have been using drugs but now the sad thing is that even 12 years old children have become addicted to drugs.
Spoke person of BJP _ EJHD Ma Wanshwa Nongtdu, in his speech he explained many of the challenges that the party has faced in its journey since its inception. This is the state of Meghalaya.
In terms of age, 47% of the population is under 40 years of age, 34% of the population is between 40 to 60 years of age, and 19% of the population is over 60 years of age.
“I always tell my friends in sports businesses – success starts with the business! That is, when you start a business, success starts too.
In his speech, Bah Sten urged and encouraged the youth to continue to strive especially in education which will be the sword in humanity to achieve any goal. desire.
In his speech, Dr. Shakil P.Ahammed, Additional Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, said that in Meghalaya, the government has used Aadhaar to deliver all the assistance to the people. Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of Captain WA Sangma Memorial College in Baghmara on the occasion of the 30th death anniversary of the Minister. The first Chief Minister of the State in the presence of the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
The issue of our Republic brings together more than 1.4 billion people to live as one family.
“The party will continue to implement its own law while the government is struggling to resolve the issues demanded by the party.
The opposition to the CAB, 2019 is that it does not exempt the entire state of Meghalaya. The second is that according to the new CAB, the authorities who came before 31.12.2014 will become the owners of the village. cannot be accepted.
T.Thangkhiew explained to the residents about the Kisan Credit Card or loan for farmers which they can get up to 1000 tyngka, and urged them to use this loan properly to increase their income.
In fact, the MGNREGA scheme is a scheme of the central government which is known as the 100 days bill scheme and this scheme is to build buildings in the villages to turn them into buildings for the benefit of the villagers. the people of the whole village.
Those who wish to participate from these district headquarters can register in advance at the District Sports Offices or the office bearers of the Judo Association.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), congratulated the St. Paul UP School, Jatah Lakadong for taking the initiative to hold the These Sports Meets are held in a spirit of responsibility and vision to shape the bright future of the school children by adding that as a heritage we are living in an era of many changes.
The meeting was conducted by Babu Kular Khongjirem, one of the teachers of KJP Shillong.
The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shortage of electricity in the state. shisngi and this has caused great loss and suffering to all the residents of the state.
The Executive Engineer and officers of the department have also taken action and started working on the replacement of those pipes which have been damaged with new pipes.
The party later investigated this and found that there was a difference between the two tribes in the same household.
According to the latest news, one person was arrested from Mawlai and another from Nongthymmai.
In Meghalaya, the total number of cases has risen to 20, one has died, 12 have recovered and seven are undergoing treatment.
Marak as Secretary and Jamie Mary Ch.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the budget for the year 2018-2018 in the House which is less than T.49560/-.
As suggested by the officers to farm through groups so that they can produce more, the union has urged the farmers to form units in each village so that it is easier to manage the market, he said. Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU urged the farmers to submit their names to the HFU leaders in each district so that they can talk to the government to provide seeds.
The SCC has also received awards in the past years because the songs they have sung around the country speak of one goal and that is to bring peace among people. The group from Shillong has received awards from His Holiness the Dalai Lama, Ms Kiran Bedi, Anna Hazare, Sayed Iqbal Haide, Oscar Fernandez and the Kripa Foundation.
She urged the National Institute for Empowerment of Persons with Multiple Disabilities (NIEPMD), Chennai to provide assistance to all the people in need within the CRC through video conferencing or through the visit of people.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Police of Sub-Divisional Chokpot in South Garo Hills District have received a tip that there is a box inside the forest. box.
In 2009, it was found that the expenditure on the construction and maintenance, renovation and supply of necessary items inside the House amounted to 4,54,270 tyngka.
Contributions came from many families.
Referring to the newly constructed Conference Hall within the KHADC, Bah Shylla said that the cost of this hall has reached T.45 lakh and he alleged that this expenditure is a mistake. blame.
While we are still opposed to the illegal entry of the authorities, it is shocking to see that he has entered the shetja house in the market.
For more information please call 09582520301, 08447005414, 08745923448, 09650493246 and
He also spoke about the exploitation of some people, in relation to the publication of news, in which they do not explain, on any news, but, they go to court to file cases against various newspapers.
At the same time, the meeting decided to empower Bah John F Kharshiing to form and appoint a temporary committee called the National Tribal Council of India. India does not participate.
The Wild Life Division is well aware of the illegal cleansing of wildlife in the state, especially in terms of the illegal slaughter of elephants and the trafficking in wildlife. put them in the middle of the problems stopping these poachers.
Modi stressed on the government's efforts in modern health services and training of people and said that new capabilities are not limited to health services for the people of the country. however, they can also turn the country into a tourist destination in terms of healthcare services.
The bill will be passed in the House and will be accepted or rejected on Tuesday.
He explained that it is the HSPDP which has created the entire state of Meghalaya.
Wansalan said that on 9.08.2019, the village had sent an explanation to the Syiem and KHADC regarding the issuance of a No Objection Certificate regarding the Bazar India to Bah Shanbor Roy. On 13/08/2019, an order was issued to remove the Rangbah Shnong and appoint Bah Moris Lyngdoh Merdon as the interim Rangbah Shnong.
He praised the spirit and determination of the Nongtnger Kur until they were able to build this dorbar hall of the Kur.
Adviser of the Union Bah KL Pariat said that the Union has also demanded that the Government should implement Maternity Leave as most of the day laborers in schools are women.
Another is that any order issued by the government without consulting the sirdars or the KHADC, the government should revoke.
Referring to the border, the Governor said that Meghalaya borders Bangladesh for 444.8 km and out of this 329.7 km has already been cleared and the government has decided to complete the remaining areas. It has decided to take all necessary measures to curb the illegal entry of people into the state.
Dewbilat houses, basa houses, and shops were built without permission from the relevant authorities.
Speaking before the rally, Professor Mao said that this action of the BJP government is against the Constitution of India, as the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 is based on the religion, those of the Hindu minority in other countries of the world.
The impact of PMMY on society is the most severe and can be understood in three aspects.
When asked how he feels about the allegation by the opposition that the chairman has acted violently, Ardent said that according to rules 42, the dorbar can be held in the District Council. In the Legislative Assembly, the power shall be vested in the Chairman as he shall preside over the whole Assembly.
Through the Center of Excellence project, we look forward to holding an annual meeting to allow the public to interact and discuss issues related to climate change and other environmental issues. .
The government and the education department have not taken any responsibility for the increase in the number of students and the number of students has increased by hundreds. The sad thing is that from the karma classes to the teachers, they have been doing the same for decades.
In a petition sent to the DC of WJHD, the AJYWO has expressed its deep concern over the excessive restrictions on the application of Birth Certificate in the district. until it has affected the people especially the households and those who come from the rural areas.
Shillong, March 01: As part of the celebration of College Week, the students of St Edmond College, NSS, NCC and RRC have organized a blood donation drive on the occasion.
Naaz Bashar of St. Marys Higher Secondary School, Shillong came fourth and Sneha Ghosh came sixth.
The number of people affected by the floods includes one death and 2,777 affected people from all districts of Meghalaya, 79 villages. 186 houses were damaged and 3 animals were killed.
Today, 12 recoveries, 10 BSF personnel and 2 civilians bring the total number of recoveries to 264 and 5 deaths.
PM interacting with PMO staff at South Block, in New Delhi on June 10, 2024.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawryngkneng village in the presence of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC and Chairman of KHADC today submitted a petition to the Minister of Labour, James K Sangma. The electricity bill in the state has increased excessively.
This is according to a statement sent by Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary.
This shows that age cannot prevent those who have the desire to reach higher levels," he added.
The Shillong Press Club today sent its condolences to the family members of Kong Dari Uriah on the sudden passing away of Kong Dari Uriah. Bah David Laitflang said it is a great loss to the SPC and one of the women in the field of journalism.
The Government of Meghalaya has used Paragraph 12 (A)(b) and has previously used Paragraph 12 (A)(b) to demand the release of the Forest Conservation Act
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Preparations for the opening of the new District District in Mariang are in progress and a public meeting is scheduled to be held at Tihpdang Square on 10th November
“The Minister also urged the journalists to take part in the work of creating a new India by saying, “As we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the country's independence and we look forward to these the next 25 years, let’s work together to realize the dreams of all citizens of India.
Also present on the occasion were Rambrai Jyrngam MDC Banjop Pyngrope, former Mairang MDC E Nongrang, government officials from the SDO and other officers of the Mairang Civil Sub Division.
The CEC today led by Richest Malngiang and Shelkitbok Kharbani, Assistant Education Secretary CEC, met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma. your office is located in the Secretariat.
Other issues that the Chief Minister put before the NEC meeting were to urge the NEC to open an Open School for the children of Meghalaya. The scheme has already been sent to the NEC and the state government is ready to allocate land.
During the meeting, KSU President Robertjune and HYC President Robertjune spoke on the demand for ILP. The border issue was spoken on by Sadon Blah. Tengsan G Momin President of the GSU said that the meeting was not held today and will now turn to the leaders of the GSU. They have nothing to say to the Secretariat about the ILP demand because this lack of response is a disrespect to the decision of the Legislative Assembly.
The union understands that due to the fire of the three transformers, it has affected the entire district, it has made it difficult for MeECL to provide electricity in the district as usual but even so, the union urges to provide electricity to the district. These villages are only for a few hours especially in the evening so that it will be of benefit to the students who are preparing for the mid-year examination.
He said that according to the Reservation in Admission Act 2006, which is the Principal Act, the policy will not apply to the areas under the 6th Schedule but The Reservation Policy of this area will apply.
It is true that blood is a life with a wonderful, magnificent and powerful life that God has created for us human beings in a perfect life.
Misleading advertisements should not be published in the media.
At this meeting, the KHADC has sought its opinion on the amendment of the bill passed by the House of Representatives. While the JHADC has not yet received the Bill, the JHADC has sought clarification from the KHADC as the JHADC has to draft a new Bill.
With the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, no money can be released from the schemes of MLAs, MPs, or schemes of the State or Central Government, from any government department up to I don't know why you're elected.
On the same day, prizes were also awarded to all the winners and the first prize winner in the traditional costume competition was Monalisa Wankhar, who received a prize and a buskit of 15,000/- -.
It is on these grounds that the KSUPBH wants the government to inform the public of the pledge signed by them today so that they can know all that the government has done to resolve this issue which has been going on for 50 years. “It's been a long time since I've been here,” said Rastingwell Thabah in a statement.
The General Secretary of NEFIP has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take the lead in opposing the CAB as he did last year. At the same time, he urged the Chief Ministers of the North East to stand against the CAB. The protest will be held on the 5th of this month due to the visit of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to the state.
The members were confirmed by KSU Sengkmie President Lambokstar Marngar in the presence of KSU Sengkmie Assistant Education Secretary Reuben Najiar and KSU JHDU Organizing Secretary Leningrad Tariang. Through these newly renewed members and leaders, we believe that they will become the proclaimers and communicators of many issues affecting the society, the students and the problems of the people especially the Jaitbynriew. It is especially important to be the protectors of the cause of the Jaitbynriew in any areas that are affected.
Since then, the age-old relations between these countries, based on common ground, common sentiment and mutual understanding, have improved even further and turned into strong relations with multifaceted that has brought many benefits for millions of people.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers' Union (HPWU) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma to discuss the issue of petrol and diesel storage facilities in the country. Flood District.
Myntri Rangbah Duh reflected on the experiences that have come in relation to the supply of goods during the pandemic and said that this has been a worrying issue.
The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) on Saturday recovered the body of Prabodh Brahma who drowned while swimming in the Jingkieng Nar bridge on the David Scott footpath. Mawphlang on Thursday at 2.20 pm.
Other parts of the program included a short speech by the beneficiary of the scheme, Kong B.Kharsyntiew, President of Y.Kharsyntiew SHG and the exhibition of artifacts. which are used in the production of tungtap.
This has paved the way for India to introduce initiatives such as Mission LiFE and the International Solar Alliance.
Yoga, music, cinema and others are our strength and we have to carry forward this strength.
BT Jyrwa President of the HNYF Women's Wing (HNYF) on Tuesday said that many unemployed youths have not been invited to apply for jobs. this.
On the other hand, the officers and staff of the Legislative Assembly express their deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah David A Nongrum and send their condolences to the family members of the deceased. your death is yours.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Speaking at the handover ceremony of the Sanad to the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC), Bah Titos Starwell Chyne today said that Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem The CEM of KHADC today announced that the EC of Bah Chyne will bring a resolution in the Budget Session. The Executive Committee of Bah Chyne has made it clear that it will remove Bah PN Syiem from the post of Chairman of the KHADC. The KHADC will meet in July.
Unquote And now the Governor has appointed Bah Bindo M.Lanong, Ex-CEM, Ex-Dy.Chief Minister, Ex-Speaker of the Governor's Office. Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Lights inside hospitals and other important places such as Municipal offices, Police Stations, manufacturing plants and others will not be turned off.
However, as the MDA, they have not yet met and the meeting will be convened after the Independence Day celebrations.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed 10 deaths from the coronavirus, 8 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Garo Hills. There are 955 people.
The CAS also expressed its regret over the violence against women in which they were stripped naked and raped, beaten, kicked, walked naked in front of the crowd and beaten. -also share them as witnessed on social media.
Shillong, Nailar 21: NEIGRIHMS Hospital and the authorities in charge of MHIS-III of the State Government today signed a memorandum of understanding that this scheme of the State Government should also be accepted within the facility. provide federal healthcare.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills District has risen to 1018 so far and the total number of deaths from the disease has risen to There are 1496 cases in the state.
In other districts of the state, 9 cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills, 4 cases from BSF and 5 cases from civilians, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from North Garo Hills, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills. cases were reported from Shallang.
The Khasi world has existed since ancient times. The Khasi believe that it is God who has established the Khadar rule in them. All the power belongs to the people and the Khasi rule. It is not the EC that has changed the customs and traditions, but it is the people who have changed the customs and traditions. “The EC's action is not an act of violence in the field of Khaddar,” said Bah Ardent.
This is the fourth time that the Meghalaya High Court has received a bomb threat via email.
When inquired, the SP said that a notice has been sent to the Nokma of the village regarding the incident.
The Union also requested the PHE department to release the money from the Variable Dearness Allowance (VDA) for the casual employees of the PHE department. It is not only in the PHE Mawphlang Division but in the PHE department in the state as a whole.
The Government has now prepared that the wire lights in Shillong and Jowai will be run from the ground and this will avoid injuries in many ways especially in the event of tree fall.
These reforms have brought results, as reflected in India's rise in the World Bank's Logistics Performance Index from 54 in 2014 to 38 in 2023, a sign of growth. from 54th in 2014 to 38th in 2023, an increase of 16 places in less than 10 years.
Please send us a message or online with the code MJ 56882 colors.
He also stressed the need to trust the people.
The main reason why the union demanded immediate repair is on the grounds that heavy vehicles have been passing through this road for a day now which has improved the traffic in Ladrymbai area and reduced the traffic jam. earlier.
On the other hand, the group wants to have a closer relationship between the residents of the border areas with Assam.
Furthermore, in order to prevent this belief related to the inability to get vaccinated against COVID-1
It was also proposed and urged the Government to declare a State Mourning for two days, 24.11.22 and 25.11.22 as a sign of condolences to these deceased.
Shillong, July 15: KSU Nangbah Unit under the leadership of Morning Star Pasi President, General Secretary Eugine Hinge and several members of the KSU Nangbah Unit on Monday led a petition in front of the branch. Manager of PNB Nangbah Branch because the bank has been out of order for about three months.
However, in the Nongkrem Proper area, it was seen that the hand of Bah Lambor was stronger, where the people said that this time the victory will go to the former MLA because compared to the work, they are stronger. hi of Mr. Lambor.
The youngest participant went to Mewansiewdor Lymba, Umsaitsning and the oldest participant went to Shaphrang Turnia, Sohliya, Umsning.
As part of the celebration of this day, explanatory stations have been set up at various training centers which the government has provided to the youth on this day to get more information.
He agreed that the NOC Schedule Tribe Certificate should be issued only by the District Council as it is responsible for the maintenance and administration of the customs and traditions.
Captain Clifford Nongum, Major David Manlun and Raymond Diengdoh (MPS) were the three brave men who gave their lives for the cause. St Anthony's College is located in the country.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah on Tuesday exercised her powers under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code. excessive noise, selling musical instruments that cannot control the noise, blowing horns in places declared as Silence Zones (not less than 100 meters from hospitals, schools, courts, places of worship), to sound the horn in the evening between 11 pm and 6 pm in residential areas except in case of emergency, to sound the horn in the evening. Air Horns by garbage trucks under Sections 179 (1), 190 (2) and 194F of the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act,
They also said that Bah Pynshong in his public meetings has been clear that when he wins his table is the table of the people for the benefit of the people and the shares he should receive. Through the good as an MLA it will go to the people but when the people have given him the honor of power (MLA) he forgets and despises.
"I wish the party and all the members of the CEC to continue to do their job properly for our beloved country and to be the youth of the country who will not be bought or deceived. “We will join hands with the youth and give our sincere support for the survival of the nation,” said Bah Majaw.
Dr War said that all 33 persons have been tested negative.
The availability of coal has increased the income of the poor states in terms of trade and income, but the availability of cement plants has benefited only the authorities from different states like Haryana. , Punjab, UP and Delhi.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that even the small works under the MGNREGA scheme have been affected because the insurgents have received the support of the people, this may be because they have been forced. or it may be of their own free will, but the fact is that the insurgents are in the villages.
The biggest threat to the youth and this will be a threat to the future of the nation is the spread of drugs and this affects the future of the nation. they make them strong against these evils.
On the other hand, the Minister replied that only the Speaker can answer this question.
Shillong, March 30: The Joint Secretary to the Livestock Department of the State Government of Meghalaya has said that according to the rules laid down by 45 days from the date of knowledge that the death of pigs is caused by African Swine Flu. Action Plan of the Central Government.
The country’s economy is also growing.
Those who joined the UDP included leaders like Bah S. Mawlong who has been in the Congress for about 30 years, Bah Lambor Nongrang, SL Marshillong, supporter of the HSPDP and other leaders; About 200 women and youths attended the meeting held at the UDP Mairang office in Lumsohkhlur.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Ministry of Tourism in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Government of Meghalaya, has conducted for the first time an awareness on tourism and tourism at Nongkhlaw. , Hima Nongkhlaw, West Khasi Hills.
November 03: The Government of Meghalaya today celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities at Pynursla C7RD Block.
The leaders of the Seng Khasi, Kmie said that it is necessary to live according to the present era but we should not forget our nature because if we forget, human life has no meaning.
The Minister said that all the toilets of the government have also been provided with water.
Modi has preached the Hindi slogan 'sabka saath sabka vikas saka prayas sabka vishwas' which means the benefit of all with confidence and the BJP does not use the poor just to benefit during elections as the Congress party has done. “Instead of the Congress leader spending time spreading false news, he should stand up for the poor to win the elections,” said the BJP leader. He has done many things as a leader from Shillong Constituency instead of promoting other parties just for his own benefit in the upcoming MP elections.
However, there are nurses whom the union has found working in the Sub-Centres under the jurisdiction of this CHC who are working very hard.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The BJP Meghalaya today strongly condemned the bomb blast in Sri Lanka. anything else.
The film has been cast in the film by Albert Mawrie, Hilarius Kharbihkhiew, Eva Mary Swer, Elizer Bareh and others.
At the meeting, when reviewing the implementation of the Megh Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in West Jaintia Hills District, it was found that in Phase-1, 23,465 (54.85%) households have been covered by the Megh Health Insurance Scheme. In Phase-2, 42,579 (62.35%) households were registered, out of 68,286, covering 1,57,5 people.
Bamisha Warjri from Mawkneng won the first prize, Jesika Warjri from Mawkneng and Letizia Warjri from Mawprem won the second prize.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, he said the Cabinet today approved to allocate to Wahingdoh, the No-1 and No-2 land of the government. under the supervision of this village which they have now used to build buildings for the betterment of the village.
He said this is a great opportunity and added that the Presidency of the G-20 in the year of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav is a pride for all the people of the country.
Journalists and those allowed to carry mobile phones have been ordered to put on mobile phone silence mood, prohibited to take pictures or any ringing inside the polling station. that voters may misuse their mobile phones.
The relatives of Bah Kyrmenskhem Lyngdoh Nonglait, 39, who died after being tied up, have alleged that a foreigner was involved in the robbery on Saturday at 7 pm. :30 pm.
If the government does not call for talks, they will continue their protests.
In the past 47 years, Meghalaya has been lagging behind in many areas, although the signs of development have begun to appear especially in roads, health facilities and education. There are no colleges in all the districts of the state.
In fact, they should have banned the vehicles that came here.
R Thabah, Acting Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Brassing Dewsaw, Acting Chief of Malaisohmat Hima, Lamphrang Wanshnong, Acting Sirdar of Dwaranongtyrnem Hima, Paiem Ainam, Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima, Soh , Syiem Langrin, Lyngdoh Mawphlang, as members of the Executive Committee and Bah John F Kharshiing, as Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
Assam has received a 25% decrease in rainfall this year, according to the Regional Meteorological Centre, Guwahati.
“This means that the Lokayukta office has been fully operational with the appointment of full time officers who have been recruited from those who are still in service in the State Government,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony were the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the Speaker of the House AT Mondal, Ministers in the Government, Bah AL Hek, Bah David Nongrum MLA. , UDP MLA Titos Starwell Chyne and government officials.
He said that this problem is due to the agreement signed in 2007 between the government and the power companies, in fact the government did not take bill from the NPTC but because of this agreement the government has to pay. I didn't take the light.
To express their opposition to the government's lack of action to improve the roads, the union has blocked the PWD office in Baghmara on the 12th and today. 13th.
The DCs have been directed to convene a meeting with the religious leaders to discuss how to deal with the marriage registration, as at present marriage registration is prohibited.
Jawaharlal Nehru.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The United Democratic Forum (UDF) has filed a complaint against the appointment of an Administrator in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) by the Governor of Meghalaya.
At present, some of the MDCs who have been elected as Executive Members have left to sit in their offices without having received their jobs.
A link to attend the meeting will be sent to those interested in due course.
Shillong, Lber 13: The CSWO on Tuesday said that the MeeCL should not hold a meeting on the 19th of this month to increase the bailight bill. The Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSEC) has held a meeting with the MSERC in Lower Lachumiere on the 19th of this month at 12 noon to discuss the increase in light bill.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri today swore in all the 29 MDCs of the KHADC. days to become full MDCs of the Council.
Another surrendered person is Rishalin Syiemlieh, 27, from Phodjaud village. She was 14 years old when she joined the HNLC.
The purpose of the festival is to attract tourists to the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Weighbridge at Majai, East Khasi Hills District, headed by Bah Bastad Mawlong, today issued a notice that the weighbridge at Majai, East Khasi Hills District, has been destroyed. You cannot issue weight certificates.
The complex will promote cooperation between the various members of the Karmayogi Mission.
He thanked the Seng and wished the leaders of the Seng who are responsible for the welfare of their fellow citizens to continue to serve the country and the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
This is a very difficult issue because it affects the feelings of the people and for this reason both the Prime Ministers have decided to find ways and means to resolve this issue. This will be against the people of Assam and Meghalaya who have been forced to do so.
Shillong, November 11: Members of various civil society organizations under the umbrella of the North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) have said that if the Inner Line Permit (ILP) cannot be implemented in the state, the political parties will not be able to do so. of Meghalaya and the state government have to take responsibility if anything happens within the state.
Shillong, July 10: U Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the MHIS at Pynursla Block Development Block.
The death toll has risen to 1586 in West Garo Hills, with 1073 deaths in East Khasi Hills.
Has the Government arrested Vicky Dey who threatened the KSU and the Hynniewtrep people to kill us,” said the UHM leader. especially the CWC should not force us members of the Hynniewtrep community to take strong action through this crime against the KSU and also against the members of our community when the law is there to judge please don't read kulmar ," said Bah Rani.
The award is also given to those who have passed away.
Other leaders of NGOs who were invited to the meeting gave their explanations on the opportunities for India-Australian cooperation in their work in the Eastern Region. .
Jowai, Nailar 08: The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij, Jowai in collaboration with the Forest Wildlife Department, Jaintia Hills District, has organized a campaign to protect the wildlife and birds as well as the forests. The Jowai City Council today installed sign-boards from Moopiah to the forest near the Ram pyrthai River.
The Employment Monitoring Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Chairman of the MPSC to seek clarification on the results of the post of Statistical Officer in the department. Animal Husbandry and Veterinary (AH&Vety).
In the past 31 years, Ri Bhoi District has produced many leaders in various fields who have served the state as a whole, as well as young people who have served the state in various fields.
Remember to be responsible for your life when you are away from home because your parents trust you so much that they send you to study here.
The one day training was held at Mawjrong on 16th September 2013, from 9 am to 4 pm, at the hall of Laitkroh C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District. Ms. M Suhkhulan, M&E/MIS Officer, from Caritas India, Futures Group International India Pvt.
It may also be mentioned here that the pension and death benefit depends on the last basic salary received and the length of service of the employees.
Thomas Passah said that regarding the quota of education, it is necessary to go according to merit based so that the quota will not fail. He hopes that the state government will do something regarding these two issues. He said that he wants to have a discussion in the Legislative Assembly in the current Budget Session as this is an issue that affects the people of the state. and all the people.
These reasons given by the Government of India are unfounded but the intention of the Government of India seems to be to discriminate against us small paid,” said KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. lad newspaper.
At this meeting, it was decided that the government has paid the fee to the company that manufactured the vaccine for 42,000 vaccines and these vaccines will reach the this state in these few days.
The Executive Committee of the PDA in KHADC led by Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem includes the PDF, Congress, UDP, HSPDP and NPP. The meeting with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the CEM of KHADC were not present.
The union has requested the authorities to expedite the fire in the area. This year alone, two houses have been burnt down in the area.
In its report, the Committee has recommended to the Government to direct M/s Lessly Shylla to complete the work by April 2013 and if MTDC cannot take any decision in accordance with the rules and regulations.
He said that when there is a clean environment, there is health in the community.
Therefore, let the people of the country and the State as a whole know that our Honorable Chief Minister is just speaking freely, regardless of whether it is in accordance with the Rules of the AD Rules
On this occasion, he informed that the jri bridge in Nohwet is more than 200 years old, and the ancients were very fond of the environment to care and preserve and urged the school children to follow. in the footsteps of our ancestors by keeping the environment clean and avoiding any pollution.
It is also prohibited to set up any shops and sell goods within the boundary of the Seng Khasi, according to a statement sent by I.Sun, Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Seng Kmie.
In 20-Mer of Ri Bhoi District, more than 500 members of the party have been evacuated.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The FKJGP Lai Village Area Unit including Mawnianglah, Mawkhan & UDP has also discussed the MDC election within the Regional Alliance. Mawrashe after receiving complaints from the Seng Longkmie and the public regarding the increase in 40 types of crimes due to the spread of illegal drug traffickers in all the border areas. three villages in which the new one is located in the upper parts of Lum Shyllong.
It is learned that a friendship band with Nisha was written on it.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, police received a tip from the Secretary Village of Risa Colony at 7:20 pm that they were arrested. robbers attacking a woman in the woods.
To increase the production of fish, the state government has taken many measures, in which there are 27 farms to produce seeds and distribute to the people. Only these breeding centers set up by the government cannot provide and the private sector has to buy from abroad.
The Fire Brigade was able to extinguish the fire in time to spread the fire to other rooms containing computers and other equipment.
Participants asked many questions to the officers about this water treatment plant.
On 7/3/2022, police have arrested two suspects, Barabor Namsaw, Kyrshan Makri. Police Bazar and a bike number AS-01BH-5342 was recovered from him.
At present, the railway line from Assam to Byrnihat in parts of Meghalaya is 2.5 kilometers long, but there has been a delay and the work has been postponed and discussions have been held with the people and organizations. Bhalang in the villages and townships is still going on.
On the other hand, the BSF, after completing all the necessary procedures, has handed over to the police to take necessary action regarding the seized sugar.
The union wants the government to have a law that if students don't get jobs in government jobs but they can get jobs in private jobs. Like Karnataka and Haryana, which have introduced a law to employ 75% of foreigners, the party is not talking about government jobs but private sector jobs.
Before the meeting, the Minister in charge of Electronics and Technology and the Chief Minister of Assam will lay the foundation stone for the Common Facilitation Center and Smart Meter Manufacturing Facility at the EMC. ) at Tech City in Bongara, Assam to promote the manufacture of electrical appliances in the North East.
We express that the working methods of the ECD are collaborative with many departments and agencies and the need for collaboration so that this mission can be achieved.
All those churchgoers who park their vehicles around the church in Mawkhar area will not be allowed to leave until the church ends at midnight.
Regarding the budget, the CEO said that there will be a special committee on the budget to review the budget and after the budget, they will take a decision.
“To harass people just because they wear a special dress or religious clothes is very shocking, unheard of and unacceptable.
Tura, July 07: The ANVC(B) today opened fire on the police in Tura, Tura, Tura. Two persons were injured in the attack.
The Chief Minister's Relief Against Wage Loss Scheme will be sent to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries. The registration will end on the 8th of this month.
Chyne also spoke about the problems of farmers and said that most of the people living in the state are farmers. The council has exempted the synsar from the tax on the decline in the price of synsar which has become a marrep.
The BSF said that in 2019, 1124 cows have died in their hands.
The textiles department was sent to Coimbatore.
In all the polling stations, there will be troops to ensure that the election will be smooth and orderly. All the people are urged to come forward and take part in this election. vote.
Many residents of the village have complained about the widespread installation of rnga along the road.
The scientific conference on herbal medicines was held on the 10th of this month in Shillong, in which many researchers from all over India came to take part including those who from Meghalaya and at the end of the meeting, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, who expressed his views on the herbal medicine.
On this occasion, an information competition was also held on this topic.
If these rules are introduced, it doesn't matter what the name is.
“But we have seen that the States are starting to move.
He said that they are not Rapido drivers and they are driving their own motorcycles offline, and until now there has been no register and the reason is due to lack of attention. of the Government.
The march started from Motphran and continued to Mawdan Iewrynhep where they held a public meeting at FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit. It is no longer only the problem of the family but the problem of the whole nation.
“Sports activities have always been an integral part of this school and will produce future champions.
“It is the duty of all of us to respect the environment, it doesn't mean that we respect and plant trees only on Mother Earth Day but we should plant trees and avoid using plastic. plastic.
In another question raised by Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram, regarding the water wells on the Bangladesh border in Mawsynram Constituency, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said: He said that the government has approved the scheme and the Planning Department has already released it and now it will go to the Finance Department and the scheme is only about Rs 1 crore.
The Seng urges the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders such as Youth Organizations , Women 's Organizations and even the private sector to follow along with this food distribution and the cooperation of all will bring benefits to the people who are less fortunate.
In the end, many people would like to report that this happened in their homes, but this has affected many families.
The JAC through a letter dated 17/09/2019 and other letters dated 01/12/2021 and other letters has demanded the resignation of Bah Bashemphang. Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong in accordance with Sections 6(1)(a), 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c), 6(1)(f), 6(1)(h) , 6(1)(i), and 6(1)(k) of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act,
This was stated by Samla Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the government he is leading will do its utmost to work according to the wishes of the people and the government is determined to do so.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEMU) has called for a strike to supply petrol to the state as a sign of allegations of violence against the Meghalaya police.
Officials from the PHE department said that the delay in completion of the work is due to the delay from the JHADC in issuing permission and the lack of land by the BRTF in previous years.
The government should have brought in skilled people in this field and they should have done their own investigation without being forced by politicians by doing so they can find out the people involved. The demand for ILP is in accordance with the Constitution of India. There have been those who want to amend the law, but there are those who do not. They don't want to turn the shape of this struggle to demand ILP by bringing these actions as acts of terrorism.
“I will send a message to the DGP to ensure that vehicles that have been passed by the department and district administration to transport and trade agricultural products should not be allowed,” he said.
They were elected as Dr Balajied S Syiem, Chief of Khyrim Hima, Pai Niandro Syiem, Chief of Maharam Hima, Pairess M Syiem, Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pai Phylla Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar of Mawdon Hima, Paiem H. On the same day, the new office bearers were elected as members of the Advisory Board of FKS. Paiem Habapan S Syiem, Chief Khynnah, Hima Khyrim, Joint Secretary, FKS , Bah P Kharmudai, Joint Secretary, Treasurer.
There are 1249 government schools, 1002 LP schools, 41 UP schools, 155 secondary schools and 51 Higher Secondary Schools.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on the 25th of this month met with prof. .
“What surprises us most is that these foreigners don't know where they are going and they don't even know who sent them and we don't understand their speech,” he said.
However, because the crowd was thousands, we couldn't control it because the crowd didn't allow us.
Former Rangbah Shnong Tarcisius Dkhar said that he has met many times with Totos Chyne, CEM of KHADC in the past but they have not been able to hold the meeting. the election of the Rangbah Shnong.
The Deputy Commissioner will issue a notice to the villages where the employees are allowed to work but are not allowed to leave the workplace. They have also been allowed to carry out NERGA works as well as farmers.
The students who will be honored are from Mawlynrei, Nongrah, Lapalang, Umpling, Rinjah, Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Lumiablot Pyllun, Lumpyngad, Lumsohphoh/Lumdiengsoh. Lawjynriew, Lumbatngen, Madanryting, Demthring and Laitkor round.
The KHADC has issued this order today after Assam has issued the names in the NRC. This is to prevent the entry of people from outside the state. said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
Promoting efficiency is also essential – ensuring that no tax matter is left behind in the reforms that are brought in.
The court has ordered him to remain under police custody for seven days.
When we went to the Reliance office in Lachimier, we found that the office is locked. Especially those who do post paid, the company should return the money, they said. The company should cover all the expenses as this lack of information has affected the work of the company as it has put all the employees in darkness.
Today is the second day of the four days and three days where the Raij has brought the Symbood Khnong from Urkhla and placed him at Lum Soiung Jowai. Khnong Blai, he will bring with him Pyrnah and Pyrjin to thank God for the orderly rituals, then follow Bam Tyngkong at the Langdoh's stand. As part of the contribution of the five kur phra kmai of the Raij to the religious work, at noon the Raij children fed the Sangia in their own homes.
He said that because some of the land is revenue land where the government owns those land.
Earlier, ATSA had also met with the leaders of the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) in Guwahati and these organizations have taken the same decision to work together in the future, said KSU General Secretary Samla Donald. V.Mountain.
These living things such as plants affect human health in many ways and as it is now 2.7% of the world's income in 2030 will come from plants. .
Shillong, Nailar 01: Hundreds of temporary teachers who have been dismissed from their jobs today marched to the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in Oakland to demand that the government should not teach them. They should be re-employed because the fault is not theirs but the government's.
Perhaps in the Second Edition which we are writing now which will include the schedule of the FKS until 2021 which we are writing which will be published in 2022 we will publish a hardcopy where the public can get online.
In his speech, the Chief of Staff of the 58 GTC, said that they hope that these soldiers who have completed this training will live their lives as they have been taught. The families and friends of the soldiers came to witness this memorable day in the life of these soldiers who have just completed their training.
Other needs of the school include the well which has been needed but nothing has been done to improve it yet. 2020 but it is still valid.
Therefore, no one can be judged about the durim or judged the value of any skilled in the field of durim.
As it is, it remains in the dark.
MUDA, PWD, MeECL, Sports Department, PHE and other government departments were also present on the occasion.
The speakers congratulated and encouraged the athletes of Meghalaya and urged them to work hard to bring medals for the glory of the state.
The meeting discussed in detail the measures taken by the government through various schemes to clean up the water wells to preserve them and the areas where there are wells to preserve the water supply. environment.
On this occasion, the people of the state are invited to witness this day, where the troops will showcase their skills along with their fighter aircraft.
Condemning the police, Ribok said, “The manner of arrest of them (the police) is exactly like that of a rebel. ) 1:30 o'clock in the morning.
In the evening, it was learned that the Waheh Shnong escaped from the hands of the Assam Police and was taken to Mukoiloom Police Outpost.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Election Festival has started again in June 2023 and the magic of misleading the minds of the people will continue for about two days. It's been a month since this month.
These sarees were seized by BSF troops from 4 Battalion and handed over to the Custom authorities for further investigation.
D from North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
Shillong, July 29: Meghalaya in these days has witnessed many tragic incidents of rape of women and children by unknown persons. in these crimes compared to other states in the North East of India.
In this painting, the country's independence struggle is depicted in different ways.
The signing ceremony was attended by Commissioner and Secretary, Electricity Sanjay Goyal and Managing Director of OTPC Sanil Namboodiripad.
BSF troops in several raids, conducted on the 20th of this month, 2024, have successfully foiled attempts at smuggling along the border of Myanmar. India and Bangladesh have seized Phensedyl and sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
I also pray for you Meban Donnam Saiborne and Lapynhun Shisha Saiborne and those who have a close relationship with Bah Sounder,” said Bah Hek.
The water ring scheme will supply water to four villages in Jorabat and the beneficiary villages will also be Mawsmai, Ampher and Amphangiri. The houses of these villages shall have water in their houses.
Kong Nisha gave a clear and detailed explanation on how to cultivate rice to avoid diseases, pests and how to better from seed to plant and propagate well in the field with the needs of rice. water and fertilizer used.
Nagaland had the highest turnout with 89.99%, followed by Tripura with 84.45% and Sikkim with 83.76%.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M Kharkrang SP of East Khasi Hills said that this will be a help to the poor and needy people.
Shillong, March 01: Four MLAs from Ladmawreng to Ranikor, SK Sunn MLA Mawphlang and Himalaya Shangpliang Mawsynram from East Khasi Hills District have expressed their concern over the road from Ladmawreng to Ranikor. Hills District Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
To prevent such people from doing this, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has banned private vehicles from parking in the 13mile area of ​​the thew. There is nothing.
From what he had to say to the teachers, he said that the government has given unfounded reasons by spreading from one seat to another seat for this behavior of teachers and It is clear that the leaders in the government do not have an understanding to address this issue.
Shillong, Lber 24: Two poets from Meghalaya, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, prominent Khasi poet and Falguni Chakraborti, prominent Bengali poet, have attended the meeting of prominent writers and poets. The Association for South Asian Literature and Culture (AFSACA) was organized by the Association for South Asian Literature and Culture (AFSACA) from 13th to 15th of this month at Pirganj, Rongpur, Bangladesh. .
Therefore, we invite, invite and urge all the residents of Sohra District to come out tomorrow, as invited by the Leader of KSU South Khasi Hills, to Sohra Police Station at 12 noon to protest against the police and the Government not to destroy the future of the youth of our area by filing various cases. “It will affect their future and also to express that as the residents of the area we strongly condemn the actions of the Police and Government authorities to harass our youth,” said the statement. I'm from HYC Sohra Circle.
The second technical session started shortly afterwards.
They also advised the parakur parakha to hold on to their traditions, to live a good life and to respect their religion, customs and traditions.
After a thorough discussion, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chief Executive Members of East Jaintia Hills District, accepted the proposal to become the Adviser to the Union of Village Authorities of East Jaintia Hills District.
Ency W Shadap president HANM-EJHD said that the attack by private individuals in the area has caused a lot of trouble to the visitors to the area. Arki Dhar, General Secretary of JSU MID EAST, said that the three organizations of East Jaintia Hills District demand that the district authorities should take action against the incident. They also demanded that the police should arrest such robbers immediately without wasting any time as the release of such bloodthirsty people is a threat to the public.
East Garo Hills District Police Chief RTG Momin said this is in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India.
Shillong, November 21: The Nongthliew area on the foothills of Lum Diengei is a raij within the Nongkhlaw Hima and is one of the largest villages with thousands of households and tens of thousands of children.
There are 14 autonomous societies which have received the approval of the Central Government and have been placed under one group known as the Apex Autonomous Society viz.
On the other hand, the BSF has found that smuggling is more common in 2020 than in
Meghalaya Police together with Assam Police have arrested Sinha, 26, from his home at Khilorbond Police Station in Paltankandi District.
The Media Tour is aimed at opening the door to understanding various government initiatives launched in the North Eastern States of Meghalaya and Assam.
And the smoke from this area poses a threat to public health.
The President of the UHM said that they demand that the government should implement the registration of the land on the border. I understand that such incidents will not happen and that is why the party will not accept the Soskular.
The problem is that the central government has not sent the money to the state government.
The KSU also urges the Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations and VDPs to be vigilant not to allow non-Khasi foreigners to settle in their areas or villages.
So, people should feel reassured that any concerns about mobile towers are unfounded.
The Finance Minister said that what they have done in 2014 will continue to boost the income of India and said that the NDA government will continue to strengthen the development works. July 12: The first session of the 18th Lok Sabha will start from July 24 to November 3, 2024, said Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs Kiren Rijiju.
"These children were filled with joy to see this treasure and to walk in the clean air which encouraged them to walk for a while in the midst of the beauty of the Law. Mawphlang and Mawphlang Dam.
"The Ambassador of France, through Dr. Vijay Kumar, has sent his congratulations to the author for this great work.
Furthermore , the JSM has made it clear that it does not hesitate to expose any perpetrators , and we will not back down in any way because we are working for the rights of our fellow citizens our.
Successful leaders are those who think and sacrifice for others and for the nation, not for themselves.
All this is the government's attempt to violate the right to express the concerns of the people, where the youth come forward to speak out. claim every time.
We are still looking into this issue,” said Bah Nongrum.
out of 44,278 drawings were selected from Group A and 16,472 drawings from Group B. Prizes and certificates were awarded to the winners at a function held at Shilpagram, Guwahati.
Some expressed our support while others provided undeclared support.
The Chief Minister also distributed KickStart checks to various community representatives and also released the Reimagining Streets Initiative Booklet during the occasion.
From this, it is not clear that many of the previous posts were held by the BJP party and the ministers in the old government got the same government portfolios, ministers from other parties got the same portfolios. The government has been able to appoint government departments where the ministers have been appointed.
The arrest of the two women led them to a place in Mawblei where police arrested Ronald Phairembam, 45 years old. it's uranium.
The raid was conducted at Lama Villa village near KHADC where members of the union found about 40 foreigners working without Work Permits and other necessary documents.
He spoke about the progress being made to integrate environmental and governance issues.
In the women's category, Ibadahun Shisha Malieh, Nongjri came second, Tumeris Mawlong, Lawpyllun, Umsning came second and Ribanylla Nongsiej, Nongjri came third.
The FKJGP Leader said that the demand for the repeal of the AFSPA has been going on for a long time and now it is time for the Government of India to immediately repeal it from the entire North East.
Shillong, July 23: The Nongjri Rangbah Shnong Relief Foundation (NMRRS) has been set up to distribute foodgrains to 30 workers who have been stranded in the country. Farmer.
The number of positive cases has risen to 39, 25 seriously ill, 13 recovered and one dead.
The Deputy Commissioner also spoke.
The Government has taken these measures to ensure that such assistance to the farmers will continue.
Before the blood donation ceremony, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by the office bearers of NEIGRIHMS and also by the authorities in charge of NEIGRIHMS. young men who were willing to come forward to donate their blood to the poor.
Shillong, June 30: NESFAS and the Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) today signed an agreement in which the government company will pay T.9.41 crore to NESFAS for the project. to implement the “No One Shall Be Left Behind” scheme which will be implemented in two states, Meghalaya and Nagaland.
He said the rule of the Congress party would end and a new government would come.
In this regard, the foundation stone has been laid and built at Sakwang village since 2014-15 and unfortunately this has been delayed until now.
The total number of cases in the state has reached 1133, with 723 cases in East Khasi Hills, 44 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills 223, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 12, East Garo Hills 3 and North Garo Hills
The contest for the BJP ticket from Sohra constituency is between Dr Khongjee and Bah Banteilang Sing Rumnong.
The Chief Minister said that it is not easy to take the state to the top, as mentioned by the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Information and Broadcasting, but if we are determined and work hard, we can do what we can. desire.
Two persons have lost their lives in this tragic incident and two persons are still missing.
: The Anti Corruption League (ACL) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should recognize the Desi Muslims living in Garo Hills as Other Backward Class (OBC) and demanded that they should be given the right to a share of 4% in the economy.
The Ministry has already proposed to remove the education requirement in the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Bill which was passed by the last Lok Sabha.
He said the State Government stands firm to bring about inclusive, future-oriented and sustainable development.
James said that those land under the Municipal will have to obtain permission from MUDA and those land under the District Council will have to obtain permission from MUDA. District Council, but the building law will belong to the Government.
The union has had talks with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District on this issue and we believe that he will take action on this issue.
“We are expecting to arrest several more persons in the coming days and that will happen only after we have investigated thoroughly,” said the DIG. They are still being taken to hospital for medical checkup and trial.
U Bah M Kharkrang, one of the candidates for the MLA election from 17-North Shillong, has filed his nomination papers today through the President of the Constituency, Bah Malcolm Najiar. State President Ernest Mawrire.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the storm has caused damage in several parts of the country. The death of one person in Jaintia Hills has also led to the death of another person.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Who will win and who will lose the two mid-term elections in South Tura and Ranikor will be announced tomorrow after the counting of votes. to be a winner.
According to the SP News Agency, the phone numbers are available in the English newspaper.
In a statement, the HNLC has made it clear that it has nothing to do with demanding money to commit these illegal acts and that it is still in the peace talks and the government has taken responsibility for the peace talks. between the HNLC and the government.
Others who attended the function were Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan Constituency, Bah A Nongbri, SDO (C), Bah M Diengdoh, Bah L Dhar. , Executive Engineer, PHE Mairang Civil Sub – Division.
This has also encouraged those who are fighting against terrorism and without fail, we will be able to eradicate terrorism.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Engineer of PWD in charge of National Highways, BP Marak, on Tuesday said, “It is true that the PWD road at Mawtap is not only clean. who are related to this place"
In another match, Malki SCC beat Malki SCC by 58 runs.
The Seng urges the authorities to look into these issues for the benefit of the people and the Seng will continue to monitor these issues in the coming days. They will also discuss how to take measures to improve the needs of this PHC in Namdong.
Referring to planning, he said that the allocation for the year 2012-2013 is T.3,939 crore and this represents an increase of 44% from the previous year, while for the year The year 2013-2014 has not been completed.
At this meeting, the Waheh Shnong also congratulated Bah Streamly Suchen, Bah Streamly Suchen, Bah Shaniahskhem Dkhar and others who have supported the Sport Club in many ways.
From Meghalaya, the journey will lead to West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajashthan, Gujarat and end in Maharashtra. three districts.
At present, 18 Elaka have strongly opposed the suspension of the Daloi and have already sent a letter to the Prime Minister to protest against the order issued by the JHADC which bans the Daloi from collecting taxes on the roads. Sir.
Hel said that after the inspection today, they will prepare a report and send what they see to the central authorities. inspect thoroughly.
The office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong agreed that they have no objection to the project but they are concerned that the youth of the village should get jobs from this project.
The aim is that the taxes and duties of these should be light.
As the author of half a dozen books in Khasi and English, Ma Heibormi Sungoh has participated in the state, the region, India and some of the world in the fields of literature and culture. , and has also worked actively in various cultural organizations including the North East Zonal Cultural Centre.
Shillong, March 29: The employees of GVK, which operates 108 Ambulances in Meghalaya under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union today launched an indefinite strike from today in front of the office. you are in Lawmali.
She says she is happy to see the Federal Government paying special attention to infrastructure and transportation opportunities in the area.
The Air Chief Marshal awarded was also presented at the Commander Conference. The award was presented to the Eastern Air Force for its ability to maintain its management, ability to conduct the affairs correctly.
Shillong, Lber 23: The 2nd Memorial (L) KL Swer Football Tournament 2014 was held on 22nd October 2014 at 4mer Stadium in the presence of witnesses. Many of the residents of Sawmer village including the parents, youth and children who came to encourage the two teams who reached the final They included the team from Lai Mer Shiteng against the team from Sawmer.
U Bah Pariat, who was supposed to retire from his post on 1st July 2014, has been allowed to continue in his post for another six months. will expire on July 30 this year.
In 2012, MB Road received Rs.12.00 crore from the NLCPR and last year it received Rs.15.00 crore through the SPA Scheme. to repair and improve this road.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the vendors who have registered with the government, deposit the money first and after depositing the money they send it to the Treasury office. The Treasury will send to the Government Printing Press to print the Shallans, blue colors used by the people.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of MJCTU&A, JL Das said that at present Meghalaya is in the midst of darkness and nothing needs to be done for this.
From Shillong 1, there are three candidates, Vincent of the Congress, Paul of the UDP and Rev PBM Basaiawmoit as an independent candidate.
The demand of these organizations is that the KHADC should also urge the government to stop the proposed land acquisition for the New Shillong Township.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Daniel Star Pathaw, General Secretary of HYC, Nongthliew.
In his speech, BSF Chief Sh.
There are 3512 Polling Stations, including 326 in urban areas and 3186 in rural areas.
Also present on the occasion were Justice Hamarsan Sing Thangkhiew, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Madan B. Lokur, Judge of the Supreme Court of Fiji and former Judge of the Supreme Court of Fiji. India gave a speech on this day.
G Kishan Reddy, Minister of Tourism, Culture and DoNE conducted the meeting with dignitaries, athletes, Heads of Departments from the Government of Telangana and Government of India, and senior officials from the Department of Tourism, Government of India.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U Bah Equator L Nongrang MDC of Mairang today won the election as Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). contest this election before the time of voting.
He said the center will be a place where many meetings related to the cultures of the North Eastern States will be held and more specific information about these cultures will be available. in Delhi.
The first demand of the union is to increase the price of fuel or increase the fare of vehicles. The government should forgive the tax because almost every year they don't earn enough money. map one hundred percent because they don't earn.
He said that in Shillong, where there are many people, all security measures have been taken to arrest the robbers.
The ceremony was attended by the laying of flowers in front of the statue of Pa Togan Sangma, to express gratitude for the great contribution that this great freedom fighter has made for the cause of the country.
In a letter, the HYC Shella expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the damage to property such as roads, bridges, roads, wells and others during the past 10 months. Heavy rainfall has caused severe flooding in Shella Village.
It is the responsibility of the committee to appoint DEOs and ROs to provide information to political parties or candidates.
The Tura Women Police Station has taken into custody these youths and during the investigation they have shown signs in front of the police how they were bombed and tied during the arrest.
Shillong, March 26: The two-day special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ended today with the adoption of four Bills by the KHADC. The Executive Committee led by Bah HS Shylla as CEM. The four Bills passed by the House today are: Bill 2018, on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Khasi Social Custom Of Lineage) (First Amendment) Bill 2018, on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Constitution of Subordinate Council of Traditional Chief and Headman) Rules 2018 and on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Establishment). Twon Committee)( Second Amendment)  Rules 2018.
KHNAM sees that many schools do not believe or implement this notification of the government.
At the same time, he said that if a person from Meghalaya goes to Mumbai, the same person will get ration at that place as well.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong in reply to the request by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie to release Mawlai Nongmali from the Municipal area. On the other hand, the Minister said that he will take action on this and should amend the Municipal Act to release Nongmali from the Municipal.
The banned messages also included anti-India comments on Pakistani social media sites.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has prepared a Home Quarantine Dairy which has been distributed to the Dorbar Shnongs and also to those residents who have returned home and those who will stay. come in these days.
Recently, the Meghalaya High Court on 24th November has directed the State Government to find ways and means to reduce traffic jam in consultation with any agencies that can provide advice on this.
The Minister said the truth is that the government has discussed these issues with the central government in Delhi, when giving the scheme to the people, but there are some parts that have not been implemented. agree, these issues need to be discussed with the central government.
The advent of economic development has improved the human being at the same time there is food to sustain and care for this is an important part, economic development should not be separated from the environmental protection where these have to go hand in hand.
This will be the first time among the villages that they have been able to provide assistance to the workers who have been stranded in the workplaces where the village has provided foodgrains at such a time when they are facing difficulties.
The Customs Office also urges the public to inform about the smuggling of valuables, counterfeit currency, gold and other illegal activities where the names of the informants will be kept confidential and I will give you a prize.
Speaking on the rapid evolution of the disease, the Prime Minister suggested to monitor the evolution and monitoring of all variants of the disease.
All the winners were awarded with cash prizes and certificates from the HNYF. At this stage, the flag of the HNYF was raised as the opening ceremony of the Marathon by the Syiem Khynnah of Nongkhlaw Hima, KM Syiem Lieh. Samla KS Rani President HNYF explained about the 4th Marathon for Tirot Singh Syiem which was held by the HNYF every year. The ceremony was attended by the Sordars of Pyndengumiong, Bah B Syiemiong, Sordar of Mawnai, Bah Sender Marbaniang, Bah Lam Nongrang, Secretary Pyndengumiong, and others.
The requirements for submitting applications are described in the form.
The training was conducted by Wellanstar Warlarpih, Asst General Secretary of the Circle. Before the programme, a keynote address was delivered by Wellanstar Warlarpih. Samla Robinson, President of Hyc Mawryngkneng Circle.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today issued a public notice banning tourists from throwing plastic in tourist spots.
The meeting started with the lighting of the Sharak followed by a prayer, songs, short drama and traditional dance by the students of Laitkyrhong RCLP School, La. Speeches by the Members of the School Managing Committee, Reading of the Report of the School by the Headmistress, Encouragement by the Sordar Shnong Lait Kyrhong, Bah Andra Rynjah, and a special speech by Fr. .Valerian who was also a Parish Priest at the same time.
Shillong, July 28: The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, Dr Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi, today said that the MPs who have not won the MP elections have sent a letter to the Rajya Sabha on the day of announcement that they have won the elections. completely.
“This request was sent through our Ksiang, Bah Sadon Blah.
He said that the government has already called to talk to them but they have not listened. The government will not arrest anyone who violates the law.
Police said that due to the difficulty of the location and the forest conditions, they have not yet received any detailed information on what happened during the raid, but many documents have been recovered. pages relating to the activities of this rebel group.
Nongstoin, Nailar 05: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (HPSO) West Khasi Hills District has confirmed the office bearers of the HpSO Mawkynjoin Unit. Khasi Hills with the Priest.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people who deposit money in the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank and the Meghalaya Rural Bank not to worry about what these banks take. Yes Bank's assistance is limited to mechanical equipment.
The Minister said that to take care of oneself is not only physical, but the most important thing is to have a healthy mind and spirituality.
Various programs are scheduled to be held in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
Every citizen must comply with the provisions of the law and those who violate the law will be punished according to the law”.
“Worldwide, there are 2.5 billion people with visual impairment and in India alone there are 55 crore people with visual impairment.
Leaders of the Sengbhalang, including the KSU, FKJGP, HYC, HANM, JSU and CoRP have expressed their hope that this unity under one voice will achieve the goal that the Khasi language will be included in the language. Khyrnit Baphra is the Constitution of India.
We know that the border issue has been going on for a long time, even the state government has not been able to do so and talks are still going on.
Protest against the construction of the Out Post at Kyrshai in Rambrai Cont.
She said that through FDI, exports and skilled people, Meghalaya has become a leader in economic development and encourages others.
Shillong, March 17: Four persons were killed when a truck collided with a shop on the roadside at Thangsalai village on Shillong By-Pass today. antad ha you for five o'clock this morning.
On the occasion, Bah Hek also expressed his pleasure to have the opportunity to visit Kerala which is the hometown of former Governor of Meghalaya MM Jacob.
The social agreement was signed in New Delhi by officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government and the Government of Manipur as well as leaders of the United National Liberation Front.
The child, who was found today, has not been identified as male or female.
Regarding the conduct of the counting of votes in the House, nothing will be discussed, but the counting of votes was conducted according to the rules.
He said that the AICC leaders have not thought of winning from the Tura seat, so Saleng expressed his special thanks to the people of Tura who have elected him as the candidate. MP to Tura.
Speaking as the chief guest at the awards ceremony organized by the Da-La-Riti Academy to award the awards to talented photographers as a sign of encouragement to them, at this awards ceremony Dr Devraj Deb Burman, Head of Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
The Seng also warns all the owners of grocery stores not to sell overpriced goods at this time when many people are facing difficulties.
These include traffic from trains, airplanes, metro trains, schools, schools, hotels and restaurants, shopping malls, multiplexes and parks; yoga and fitness centers and more.
Speaking to reporters at his office, he said the reason for the suspension was that the issue has to be discussed with the MDCs, the chief executives and then they will go to the people.
The 100 issues that the HYC has put in this leaflet are the innerline permit, the residential permit for those who have just come to live in the village, the trade in property by non-residents, to curb the trade in illegal in the name of the villagers, there must be a citizenship registration act, the democratic right which means to vote only for the villagers.
The Syiem of the Hima also thanked the Government for its assistance to the Hima in the past years and so far through the Transport Department and now they have received assistance to build residential areas in Lumiewduh. The work has been completed by 95%.
Fourteen members of the Executive Committee were also elected at the meeting.
The Tura PHE Division office was completed in 2019 and has now been completed on time. All this has been achieved thanks to the hard work of the government and expected to make it easier for the people of Tura PHE Division. providing a service to the public.
In this regard, Conrad K Sangma said, “In the past few years, the athletes of Meghalaya have been able to make a name for themselves in various categories, evidence that this The State has a lot of young people who have special talents in sports.
This was announced by the Chairman and Secretary of the Lum Jingthang Committee, Rh Wallamphang Roy and Rh Kemdro L. Mawlong.
Under this scheme, Village Health Councils (VHCs) headed by Rangbah Shnongs in different villages will be responsible for monitoring and evaluating the performance of ASHAs in the delivery of health services. .
The Minister of Finance, who is appointed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has not submitted the budget for the year 2018-2019 to the House on 23rd October
On the other hand, both the parties congratulate the newly elected MDC of JHADC who has shown responsibility for the work entrusted to him by the people. The rights and land of the indigenous people in these areas where these foreign dew factories are located, which have destroyed the forests and destroyed all the rivers. PL Majaw president of the two youth organizations said that the fish in the area have changed color and turned bih until the fish have died. JYF and Samla RN Parien President JSU. (SP News).
Benningstar will deliver the Dongmusa of the tournament to the Tura Stadium.
In the state, 611 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills District 428, of which 91 are BSF personnel, 268 are civilians and 69 are from the Army.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded for the speech competition.
The training was funded by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
Dr War said that all the deceased suffered from shortness of breath and other illnesses.
Speeches were also delivered by Rutherford Lyngdoh, Iengskhem Syiemlieh, Hamir Syiemlieh, Rangjadong Village Minister and Kensimphlang Village Minister.
Heads of PWD, PHE and MeECL, David Nongrum MLA, DC PS Dkhar were also present on the occasion.
On the other hand, the union said that this school is very important for the people of the area to send their children to school.
Marak, who was arrested by the police today, led the police to the hideout of the rebels in Dosgre forest where the weapons were seized from the place. day.
However, on this day, the candidates from the BJP, NPP, UDP, TMC and only Bah Gopalstone Hynniewta will be the candidate from the Congress from Mawsynram Constituency who has not been rejected. to be together and also without any misunderstanding.
According to the information received, the steady growth is 42%.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, u Sampath Kumar today visited Pomlakrai village to meet with the village officials to explain to them that they should not be afraid but should have you are happy.
He spoke on the importance of SabkaPrayas, saying that the efforts of all the people are important in this journey and that this feeling of SabkaPrayas can come only when all the services reach all the people. person.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Lalan Kumar Rai has lodged a complaint with the Nongmynsong Police Station that on the 7th of this month, four persons broke into the house and abducted a 23-year-old girl from Dongkamon in Nongmynsong. .
Tura, July 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today announced that the government will allocate Rs 100,000 to the VECs who have completed the examination. He urged the VECs to complete the works under the MGNREGA scheme and urged the VECs to do the works that can benefit the villages.
In the past few years, cooperatives have emerged to join hands to improve income generation, through the participation of women in politics, financial support through cooperatives, working groups to improve Income generation in the villages, village organizations have increased their presence in the villages.
After the HITO City Unit in collaboration with the Enforcement Department of the Council in the search of vehicles of foreigners on 1st June 2024 found that many of the foreigners do not have documents. Labor and Trading License.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Speaking to reporters at his residence, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said, “Elect the UDP to confirm the CEM seat of Bah PN King of KHADC"
The confirmation ceremony was attended by the President of Ribhoi District Unit Bah Ajit Makri and other leaders and members of the Circle.
The Leader of the Opposition said that what the Prime Minister has said in the media is a promise to the people of the state, the question is where are those ALS Ambulances promised.
Prime Minister Duh played a major role in the spread of yoga around the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Assam Police today tried again to bring more police to Umalli with the intention of building a Police Outpost in the area by force despite the opposition.
On the other hand, the three organizations today made it clear that the government should provide security measures first and the railway line will be discussed later.
It is the end of the dream of our ancestors and freedom fighters.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries may send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal Officer. and Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
The plastic water pipe storage facility of the PHE department at Lumshyiap village, Shillong near the crematorium of the Seng Khasi, has caught fire on Saturday afternoon at about 3 pm. :45 to 4:00 p.m.
She said that the Government has included them in the Labor Department but they have expressed their dissatisfaction with this.
When you win the election, the people don't feel different.
Charles urged the office of the Shongknor to count 50% of his salary and this count should be handed over to the government and this count will be for 12 months from 1st June 2020 to October 2021.
After a meeting with the UDP leaders, they decided to leave the party and to support Bah Aurmarshal Diengngan who can contest against the incumbent MLA Martin M Danggo from among the candidates. Among the candidates who have appeared, Pious Marwein, Pelsy Snaitang, Don Massar and Air Marshal Diengngan are the only candidates who can contest. The UDP has left the party.
In his budget speech, the Chief Minister mentioned all the government departments and also outlined the budget for all government departments which will be implemented in the 2023-2024 budget year.
The FSP will continue to support groups to work together.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the youth that if there is any problem, they should speak up and act according to the rules in this democratic country.
Nongstoin November 20: The Executive Committee of the Ladweitang Dorbar Shnong has empowered the Ladweitang Youth Association to hold a cleanliness drive on the 22-12-2012 (Saturday) at 9 pm.
He urged the use of micro containment to control the situation.
