Tirot Singh stood firm against the attempts of the foreign rulers to rule the Khasi land and destroy the culture of this area.
Meghalaya has taken advantage of new initiatives by launching telemedicine services at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
In this regard, the Prime Minister has scheduled to meet again in November to discuss.
The State Government has declared the 07th November, 2022 as a public holiday in East Khasi Hills District where all Government Offices, Courts and Schools will be closed. on that day.
This organization stood up to protect its traditional religion from the attacks of the British during the time when India was under British rule.
This is with the aim of showcasing various development projects launched in Meghalaya, the role of various groups of the Government of India to provide support for peace and development and showcase the wealth of rights of the state.
It is learned that the DC(A) department of the state government has written to the District Councils to have solid waste management within the District Councils. The committee was headed by the CFO of KHADC Bah R Kylla and 13 members.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The announcement of a three-day curfew in East Khadi Hills District has prompted people to go out to buy food items in Iewduh.
On this occasion, trees were planted in the grounds of the Unitarian Church, Mukhap as well as in the new village of Mukhap to protect the water source of the village.
Dr. Ricky Andrew Jones Syngkon and Saleng Sangma, two MPs from Meghalaya, were sworn in as Members of the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
The guide charges are Rs 500/- per group and the donation can be made if you are willing or able to maintain the site.
Speaking to reporters, Process T Sawkmie said that he congratulates the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong for putting this road in the forefront. Shillong: It is necessary to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong.
Pigs should not be moved from one household to another and other rules have been laid down.
The Delimitation Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold public hearings for 23 constituencies in preparation for the introduction of the Delimitation Bill ahead of the Autonomous Elections. The District Council shall be held next year.
The delegation to honor the Prime Minister includes an officer and 24 soldiers including the Air Force, Defense Force, Navy and Delhi Police.
Shillong, June 07: The Election Commissioner of India (ECI) has issued an order banning the election of the use of cellular phones at polling stations.
All equipment comes with a six month warranty and a life time service guarantee.
Shillong, July 15: Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested two more Nigerians who had entered India without permits.
Shillong, November 01: The Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Comingone Ymbon, on Tuesday said that the purpose of the meeting with the HNYF leaders is to discuss the transfer of the BDO of the HNYF. Mawthadraishan Block has been closed for a long time.
In this regard, the group fighting against the authorities of the Central Government and the Meghalaya State Government stands firm to demand Independence on the right and truth as the people should live and understand clearly. as those Heads of Government on the protection that does not exist without violating the Constitution of India.
At the request of the NGOs, the Central Government has set up the Lok Pal to look into allegations of corruption within the Central Government and allegations of corruption within the State Governments. The Lokayukta Act was introduced by the Meghalaya government in
The Vice Presidents include Allantry FDkhar, Process T. Sawkmie, Shitlang Pale and Mayral Born Syiem.
When the election ended, no one remembered the party anymore.
The loss of rice has been severely affected by the loss of rice because most of the farmers in the area are rice farmers and at this time it is still growing rice. The day has caused a huge loss to the farmers.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per person will be distributed free of charge, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card will be distributed free of charge;  Non-NFSA rice was distributed at 7.215 kilograms per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the CEMs of District Councils, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that during the meeting, it was made clear that there will be no impact on the courts. of the District Councils or shall cooperate with the authorities of the District Councils.
The authors feel that the increase in consumption in rural areas is not accidental due to a strong ‘policy for redistribution through various publicly funded programmes.
After the programme, a video screening was held in the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra Van and services were provided by Government Departments.
The CEM of KHADC said that they will meet with the Chief Minister on Monday and this meeting will be held by the EC as a whole. you decide with something else.
New Delhi, June 11: Union Defense Minister Amit Shah has inspected the preparations to patrol the border areas between India and Pakistan as well as the border areas with Bangladesh. BSF Command and Sector Headquarters through video conferencing held today.
Irish Manju, who represented India in 2015 in such a competition at the world stage, said that India does not always support such competitions, but These participants who went outside India represented the whole country.
It is up to us how we demonstrate our belief in the beliefs contained in the Constitution by contributing to the Government's efforts to achieve social, economic and political benefits. to everyone.
Therefore, the KSU urges the government to expedite the development and implementation of a proper sports policy so that it will benefit the youth of the state who have talent in sports.
This action of the Governor is against the rules, in fact they should have removed the Administrator Rule, removed the CEM and then held the election but what happened is that it was rejected. now we will not talk about the number of members but about the rules of law.
Shillong, June 19: The Shillong Lajong U-13 team today left Shillong for the U-13 Youth League to be held in Kolkata.
“We can say that the meeting of the Committee was successful because the government has agreed to set up an Expert Committee as demanded by the VPP but Bah Ardent will continue the strike until the government issues a notification. Dr. Ricky Syngkong said that the Expert Committee has been set up to review the Reservation Policy. Dr. Ricky Syngkong said that at the meeting, all the political parties in the Committee have unanimously agreed to write the Reservation Policy. The Government should set up an Expert Committee with the participation of legal and constitutional experts to review the Reservation Policy.
Bindo M Lanong said that if the government wants to change the area, there should be village areas and small shops to sell the products produced in the state. the shopping mall is opposite.
The same question has been asked in Goa and other states. In this state, the party will continue to work and the people will give their support to the BJP. Even Tripura has the same question but now they can rule.
The DoT is working hard to extend high-speed broadband services to all residents of the North Eastern States, especially those living in rural areas under the initiatives of the USOF and its various licensee programmes.
I would like to thank the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong and Lahkmen Rymbui who was the former Minister of Home Affairs for taking the initiative to get the approval and allocation of funds,” he said. and Mr. Shullai.
The struggle for these gates has been going on since 2016 when the Act was passed and the opening of this gate tomorrow will be the first gate in Meghalaya.
Police have arrested all four suspects and registered a complaint at Mawlai Police Station and charged them under NDPS Case No.68(8)20 u/s 21(b) /29 NDPS Act.
Nongpoh, June 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today strongly condemned the actions of the Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KPLT) militants. and violated the right of the voters on the 9th to elect an MP from Meghalaya where the people did not have the opportunity to elect a leader to the Lok Sabha.
Make time to look at all safety measures.
Shillong, Naitung 24: According to the Committee on Account, the total number of donations received by the MLA of Shillong South LA Constituency, Bah Sambor Shullai, has reached
Shillong, Naitung, 28: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Latho M Syiem today expressed his deep sorrow over the incident which happened last month. KHADC together with journalists.
Let Mawlai Iewrynghep be an example to bring about change in other villages in Mawlai, and let Mawlai constituency be an example to bring about change in other constituencies.
East Khasi Hills won the gold medal in the 81 kg category through Edegar Bennett Jana with 140 points.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Prof.SS Majaw today launched a book entitled “The Seeds of the Khasi Traditional Religion” written by four elders. .
Since the beginning of the protests for ILP, the HYC has not accepted other laws announced by the state government to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state especially the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, it is a weak law.
Out of the 640 districts, 450 districts have implemented multi-pronged measures including Media Advocacy under the supervision of DMs/DCs and all 640 districts have implemented advocacy programs and medium.
According to a complaint by a female police officer who was recently appointed to the police station, Marak called her residence village under Goeragre and when she reached the place, she allegedly The police chief touched my body.
Police have registered a complaint against them at Khliehriat Police Station.
There were 400 bouts in the seven days of the tournament which was held at the SAI Indoor Hall. There were 400 bouts in 13 categories. semi-final match.
The suspension came after the commissioner conducted tests and found that 30 out of 42 samples of fish tested contained formalin.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The National Green Tribunal (NG) has issued an order ban ban the mining of shyiap from rivers.
On this occasion, the Governor spoke on the development works that have been completed and those that remain to be completed but the work is progressing.
The union demanded that the SDO should take action and expedite the installation of a checking gate at the boundary of Civil Sub Division Pynursla along with the equipment to test the people entering and leaving.
This has been a source of concern for the people and there have been many activities such as drug trafficking, many people have been shot and robbed there, for that reason to bring peace. in that place on the part of the HLC to relocate them.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Arju Dkhar, explained to the employees how to take these decisions at the meeting held today.
“If anything happens to foreigners, the members of the Sengbhalang are accused from time to time and the Sengbhalang also warns Gopal Dey not to accuse without evidence. “The CWC also demands that the district authorities and the government should not allow these groups to hold meetings of the CWC as it will incite the members. “It will lead to more ethnic discrimination and bloodshed,” said the Seng.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Shillong Lajong today beat Aizwal FC 1-0 in the U-18 Youth League in Group D by a goal.
The road of NEC Solartek Majhipara has been closed to vehicles after the floods.
We have already talked to the Government to ban tourist vehicles to take tourists to the tourist spots but so far this has not come to fruition.
The opening speech was delivered by Bah Charli Mawlieh from Nongstoiñ, who explained to many churches how we can be visionary people for the rights that we need as voters in our own constituency.
He said that it was through the characters introduced by Jones that it was possible to read and write in the Khasi language and especially to unite the Jaitbynriew.
The General Secretaries include Soumya Reddy and Parminder Kaur, the Secretaries are Deborah C Marak, Dipika Pandey, Bhavna Jain, Dr Jury Sharma and the National Coordinators are Ranjeeta Metha, Noori Khan and by Preeti Tiwari.
Thomas Passah on behalf of KHNAM said that as a party, we are helping to resolve these issues of these workers according to the provisions of the Labor Law which the state government has passed. produce the price to pay the wage earners.
For this purpose, a temporary committee has been set up under the leadership or convener of Bah Jurius Majaw, Sordar of Mawkhap Village and other elders of the area. to play chess.
With this approval, the House has canceled the announcement issued on 5/3/2024 to dissolve the Nongpoh Town Committee and the report brought before the House has been cancelled. The Nongpoh Town Committee, which includes 11 villages, has revived.
During the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that the people should be allowed to use the land by signing an agreement with the army.
“If the government has been able to bring Bangladesh to the Secretariat, why not bring Mawlai to the Secretariat?” asked Donboklang. don't let the police shoot people.
Professor ShyamTandon, this is an honor to the hard work of those who have been involved with UVIT for more than 10 years.
The meeting was also attended by the Labor Inspectors of the District.
In addition to these trainings, there will also be trainings on how to act, how to answer, and how to sit during a personal interview.
Nine students were honored on the occasion. The ceremony was witnessed by the elders of the area and the youth as well.
It is to be recalled once again that on the morning of 30th June 2024 at 2 pm, two houses were destroyed by an earthquake in Nongpriang village.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that all those who have been in contact with the first case of COVID-1 have closeness to 33 people.
Dr. Seiboklang Buam, a resident of Muktapur village, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, while trying to fish from the Lakroh River, was blocked near the Lakroh Shiv Mandir, Hawaii. Tilla to two BSF personnel identified as Rajendra Kumar and another unidentified person at 12:05 pm.
He also announced that the government will improve the Rongrenggre Higher Secondary School, which is the oldest school in the district for the benefit of the students. which is the youngest son.
Shillong, July 08: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today arrested two foreigners, one from West Bengal and one from Assam. Hills District.
The union sees the government's commitment to the teachers by setting a fund to pay the salaries of the teachers.
Nongrem also urged the government to take action on this issue to avoid any incident or misunderstanding between the BSF. bad that paid bah.
He said that the purpose of the International Open Grandmaster is to encourage and open the door for the children of the state to showcase their skills in this sport.
According to the Wildlife Protection Act (as amended) from 1st June, 2023, the Custom Office has been empowered to combat wildlife trafficking in India.
: Kevinstrong Lawriniang, who won the first position in the SSLC 2021, has now entered the Top 10 of the Higher Secondary Examination. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Tuesday announced the results of the HSSLC Science Stream.
From St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, other students who reached the Top Ten position were Zephaniah Banphiralang Nongbri and Risalanaki Laloo in 9th position.
These channels were found to be used to spread false news related to national security, India's foreign relations, ethnic discrimination in the country, and public order.
The Minister said the government has taken measures to strengthen the working of the MPSC and to arrange for the conduct of examinations and interviews. to the examination centers.
Shillong, November 23: A team of 04 Battalion of the Border Security Force (BSF) has seized humanitarian aid worth T.21 lakh.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The North Eastern Council (NEEDP) in collaboration with the B-School Incubator IIM Calcutta Innovation Park today launched the first North Eastern Entrepreneurship Development Program (NEEDP) at the NEC Secretariat, Nongrim Hillsha. Shillong.
On the day of the arrest, the RPF from Kamakhya together with the Crime Intelligence Branch (CIB) of the group from Guwahati conducted raids from time to time at Kamakhya railway station.
Praise and honor goes to all the youth, parents and teachers who have worked hard to bring this honor to the village as a whole.
There are 122 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 77 in Ri Bhoi and 17 in Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries has risen to 79468 so far. .
They have started playing in the I-League since July
Sources close to the UDP said that the UDP still wants to work together as part of the state government, the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and private members. The same rule will apply as in KHADC and JHADC. The UDP is looking into the matter of some NPP MDCs to move the CEM seat in KHADC. The UDA meeting should be able to arrange for this action by some MDCs from the NPP. The cooperation within the UDA should be based on mutual understanding and when they take The EC led by the UDP in KHADC by Bah Teinwell Dkhar has been going on for about two months but these problems have arisen.
Shillong, Lber 09: Ka KHNAM has expressed its disappointment over the statement by the new MR Conrad Sangma that “the ILP cannot solve the problem of mynder”.
Shillong, July 10: Police today arrested Jesse O Skhemlon from Jaiaw and Heh Kupar Nongbri from Mawprem on charges of tied a Nongsiej policeman with a bottle of kyiad at Umsohsun. .
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A team of BSF troops from 172 Bn of Meghalaya Frontier have seized a truck and found it loaded with sugarcane intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The union said that the smuggling of beef to Bangladesh has led to the increase in the price of beef in the market. They did not arrest these vehicles which came without carrying cows without sheets.
During the inspection, it was witnessed that the maintenance of the buildings of various Himas is still going on as some of the buildings have started to collapse.
: The VPP MLA from Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran on Tuesday donated sports equipment to Samborlang Rynjah, who is now known as Junior Martinez. Your goal has spread quickly on social media.
Shillong, March 16: Nineteen policemen, including the Additional Superintendent of Police, have been injured in a clash between two groups at Temple Martiang. Bah P Syiem MPS was injured in the head.
In the absence of a permanent Speaker, the interim Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly shall act as the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Speaking on the occasion, Marcuise M.Marak said that the handover of these Waste e-Vehicles is the government's goal to bring about cleanliness in Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District said that a fire broke out at the JHADC Market in Latthalaboh. and the sound of the fire.
HM Shangpliang said that according to the information received from the farmers, the shortage of cows in the state has increased the price of cows in the state. The price of rice has increased to T.450/- per kilo.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Governor of Meghalaya on the directive of the Meghalaya High Court has set up a special committee to advise the government on the cleaning of rivers in the state.
The purpose of conducting such trainings is to provide an opportunity for people to know where to go when they want to spend their holidays to travel around the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the election for the Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya will be held on 26th October
Shillong, November 15: Cyril.
The demand for Garoland has been in existence since before the independence of Meghalaya. The demand has disappeared in 2012 when the demand was revived by the civil society in the name of the GSMC. you are Garoland.
We see that the government is also misleading by saying that at present it will only introduce kitmar trains, but in the opinion of the union if it allows the freight train it will be difficult for the government to introduce freight trains later. There is no railway in Garo Hills, the people should not misunderstand that with the construction of the railway line, there will be a decrease in the price of beverages. East Jaintia Hills has many cement plants but cement is still cheaper inside the state than outside the state and only how many state residents are employed in cement plants from 80% of the agreement? They should think first of these, the coming of the railway should not benefit the people of the State but it is a behind the scenes plan to benefit and benefit only one or two.
In the report, the CAG said that the Transport Department has not repaired the weight bridges or taken any steps to pay the amount of T.9.49 crore which the government should have received.
He said that when Japan has been able to invest in many development projects in the region, there will be a closer relationship between the students from the region and Japan and the students of NEHU will get that lat in the region. many aspects, trade, cooperation in mechanical engineering and others.
Members of the Shillong Press Club who turned out to vote were 164 out of 188 members.
The fourth National Assembly will be held on the 13th of this month.
“Krishna Sapkota's actions are not only a violation but also a struggle, an insult to the Jaidbynriew and also a disrespect to our traditional system.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Lusen A Sangma, of the 3rd Meghalaya Police Battalion, who fled from his workplace after shooting himself, has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police. of a friend at his workplace in Sahbesein, West Jaintia Hills District.
In the no confidence vote, 14 votes were cast and the Speaker of the House cast the vote.
On the 27th, the Prime Minister will attend the NEC meeting, after holding a public meeting at Madan Polo. The theme of the race is that the North East of India will lead the implementation of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
In another incident, three persons were traveling on a scooty but when they reached Mawroh forest, people blocked the road and shot them.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Martin M Danggo and confirmed that he will contest the MLA elections in of the 35th-Ranicorn Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 11: While the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya are still under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Assam government has planted boundary stones in the Umshru River under Nongwah Mawtamur in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Arnes Marwri, Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Union, who is also the Chairman of the Committee for Registration of Names, today said that the number of members who have joined the party has reached 94,0 The total number of cases has risen to 1,37,000 with the addition of 43,0
The Governor, while submitting the Bill to the Government, has mentioned some of the areas that he wants clarification on and these areas were discussed at the meeting tonight. They are happy to register and this will be for everyone.
The total number of recoveries today is 977, 10 from East Garo Hills, 28 from East Jaintia Hills, 519 from East Khasi Hills, 278 from Ri Bhoi, 31 from North Garo Hills, 9 from South Garo Hills and 9 from South West Garo. The total number of recoveries has risen to 28,1
Dr Mukul said he wanted to show an example to make it easier for the people to understand. MeECL and MeECL have been used as milk dumps by the people in power and the leaders in power.
The JYF has announced that the former Publicity and Information Secretary (Mr.Prowell P Phawa) has been suspended and expelled from the JYF. from today and 13th-12-2013, because such people who take advantage of hiding inside the Sengbhalang to deceive the ignorant will create more problems for the Seng.
Before visiting the school, the Minister visited two schools in Sohra, St John Girls School Sohra and Maurice Patrick King Memorial Secondary School in Laitryngew. She spoke to the students of these two schools.
Three days later, on 30th July, Sabratta went to reject the complaint, but the incharge did not believe him, said the RBYF leaders. The RBYF strongly condemns the incharge of the Out Post, who by his actions, has encouraged the youth of the area to work for the betterment of the out post. They said that Bah Phrangsngi is not only one of the leaders of the party, but also the Rangbah Shnong of Syadrit.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CMD, he said there was no clear promise on when the remaining 466 personnel would be appointed.
Regarding the issues of the teachers as they submitted their petition today, the Minister in charge of Human Resource Development will talk to him and write to the Prime Minister of India. in collaboration with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
This village falls under the Nongtung Raid.
On the part of the Director of IBSD, Dr Sahoo, he thanked the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma for opening the offices of the Central Government Department. in this state where the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Development of the Government have given their full support.
He said that India used to export medicines worth Rs 90145 crore to the world, but now it exports medicines worth Rs 183000 crore.
The SP said that during the investigation, the arrested persons confessed that they had collected the money in the name of a person whom they knew through Facebook.
The symptoms of this eye disease are redness of the eyes, swelling of the eyes, watering of the eyes, pain and swelling of the eyes and inability to see light and eye damage. bit when it's morning.
She said that on the 6th of this month they came, and the authorities there said, you from Jan, come with your Suh kha, but when you left this morning they refused, just because of our village. you are in the containment zone.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The new Governor of Meghalaya, Tothagata Roy, on Tuesday said that “my visit to Meghalaya is like returning home. His younger brother Saugata Roy, who is now an MP, was born at Ganesh Das Hospital. I know Shillong as I know my hand from Garikhana to Happy Valley.
The Minister said that since 9th November 2021, there has been no issuance of Transit Passes to transport cows to Meghalaya. there is an increase in price.
However, it cannot be said that in Khliehriat which is the HQ of the District, the repairs have been completed and the people have escaped from the pum pum.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on Tuesday said that Mohd.
To express their condolences to these refugees, FKJGP Umsning Circle leaders under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Bines Kylla immediately donated three packets of rice for the distribution. Those who have lost their homes have been handed over to the Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok.
Therefore, “we have high expectations from the Vatican that under the leadership of Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, we hope that he will continue to encourage the UN Experts to work together on how to “It is necessary to promote human rights through consultation with all religions on the basis of unity and peace in the world,” concluded Bah Dympep in his letter.
Also present on the occasion were Lab Assistants from Dr. Lal Path Labs who helped to test for diabetes, cholesterol, thyroid, uric acid and other tests.
The Government has also allowed those voluntary offices to open their workplaces but the employees should not exceed 33% of the employees to come to work on a daily basis and these offices should but comply with the directives of the Government from time to time.
Loans worth more than T.20 lakh crore have been allocated to small businesses across the country under the Mudra Yojana.
The celebration was held at Star Cement, where Bah KL Nongbri, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Star Cement, was the chief guest.
He said that all these roads are for uranium mining, there is no other purpose, the party also wants development works but not to hurt the people because this road is for work. Uraniumha mine is strongly opposed.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed two deaths today, one from East Khasi Hills and one from South Garo Hills. Twenty-nine persons have been admitted to the hospital so far.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the problem for the government is that it has not received any complaint, there is only a discussion, if there is no complaint in writing, it puts the government in trouble. to punish such teachers.
They were all from Jaintia Hills District. The BSF after completing the investigation according to the rules and regulations, handed them over to the Customs for further investigation.
However, the swimming pools will now be opened to all, and the new SOP will be issued by the Sports Department of the Union Government in consultation with the Ministry of Home Affairs.
A clear answer has not yet come from the Central Government and the Central Government's position is that there has been no clear rule and has not provided any assistance yet.
The Cabinet has not yet approved the Vision Document 2030 for implementation, as there are still some amendments in the report sent by the NIPFP. Implement this to be a guideline for the Government now sitting in Cabinet to accept or reject it.
Vehicles carrying foodstuffs, vehicles carrying troops, vehicles carrying hospital supplies and vehicles carrying daily necessities have been banned. exempt them, but the screening of drivers will be in accordance with the prescribed standards.
Members of the House who supported the motion of no confidence moved by Bah HS Shylla were Bah Manstduty Nongrem, Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah J Tynsong, Bah Manstduty Nongrem, Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah J Tynsong, Lamphrang Blah, Kimfa Marbaniang, D Wanlang from the Congress, P Syiem, suspended MDC from the HSPDP. 2) of the Constitution of Meghalaya and Assam Autonomous District Council Rules 1951 as amended by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Dr. Rao said that this will be the most beautiful university not only in India but will attract people from all over the world to come to this university and by expanding this university. study will be able to still recruit more students.
Regarding the counterfeit money, Dr Laloo, without naming him, said that there is a place on the border with Bangladesh where this money comes. The Congress said that the exchange of money has helped, but it has only brought problems to the people.
The Joint Commissioner of Food Safety, Meghalaya, Shillong today directed all officers to clean up all the bottled beverages produced by M/S Padmesh Beverages, Satgaon, Udayan, Vihar. , Kahilakuchi, Guwahati-7 under the names of Bailey Brand and Bailey Soda.
The check was handed over to Elisabeth Mawkhlieng who is in charge of these children at SOS Umiam.
Let us move forward to build a new India while holding on to these beliefs while taking responsibility with conviction and determination.
At the same time, he said that 40% of the students even though they have gone to class-I to class-III don't know the map of India and 50% don't know what the map is. The Prime Minister of India, urged the teachers that as they have shown their talents in singing and dancing, they should also be able to teach the children to know and understand.
On this occasion, a procession was held from Mawdan Iewrynhep to Weiking and a meeting was held, a prayer was held. D.Sawyan and welcome speech by Bah Banteilang Singh Rymnong.
However , on 2.10.2020 , those workers came more together with the police to guard them and now they are building a better camp . It is also learned that Assam will send more police Police haka is your bag.
During his tenure, he brought in a group known as the Hyderabad Center for Good Governance to improve the working of the GHADC because it was too lyngkrang. Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has announced that the current EC should implement this bill as there is a need to bring about changes in the departments of the GHADC. Section 144 CrPC has been enacted to prohibit the quarrying of syhiap from the river or from the sharing lum by individuals or companies without the permission of the relevant authorities.
MH Dkhar said that at a meeting held at the State Central Library, Shillong on 11.02.2015 in connection with the NPR, the government officials explained that the The meeting said that the registration in the NPR will be for both Indians and foreigners and if this happens it will affect the indigenous people. Besides, we have to include in the NPR other citizens of India who have lived for 6 months or more in any village in India.
According to police sources, the incident happened at about 10 pm when the mother was going to buy medicine from the pharmacy, which is known as Cherish Pharmacy. , Shillong, Shillong.
Regarding the Doctor and Nursing College at NEIGRIHMS, he said that the number of seats will now be increased from 50 seats in MBBS and 50 seats in Nursing to 100 seats in MBBS and 100 seats. in Nursing, this is to recruit more doctors in the field to strengthen the health system.
The petitioners include that the government should dismiss those policemen involved in the shooting on 13/8/2021, not to deploy police in the area. to restore the internet, to lift the curfew and to withdraw the CrPF police from Mawlai.
Charles said that there are 15 villages bordering Assam which do not have ASHAs yet, and unfortunately these villages are not included in the Mawlasnai PHC. The ASHAs have expressed their wish to the government.
The Leader of the Opposition said that the implementation of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1908 and the Code of Criminal Procedure, popularly known as the CrPC 1973, has affected the courts. of the District because many of the cases between the ethnic groups do not come to the courts of the District.
The JYF leaders' discovery of the intention of Prowell P Phawa to mislead the members of the Seng is a great blessing, as he is now slowly suiting up for the new Seng of the country. The Jaintia Youth Federation (RJYF) has been misleading the people who have been expelled from the Jaintia Hills while the leaders are the same motive. They used to exist, because their ideology or goal is only for their own benefit and not to serve the country and the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Khasi Youth Wing (KYW) Mawkhar, Shillong, invites all the Presidents and Secretaries of the Khasi Youth Wing (KYW) to attend the Dorbar. The Youth Round will be held at the Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School Jaiaw near Madan Weiking, Shillong on the 16th November 2017 starting at 10 pm.
He said that if the KHADC does not respond on the scheduled day, they will use the force to close the doors. If there are police, they will not respond. He also alleged that the Hima Mylliem has not done anything about it. They said that they will not recognize the syrnot given by the Rangbah Shnong Garo.
The subjects taught by this school are books written by Khasi writers such as Babu Jeebon Roy, Babu Sib Charan Roy, Babu Radhon Singh Berry and others.
The flag of the party was also handed over to the president of the Myrjai Youth Association for the year
This is because they work digitally.
Korbar Lyngdoh Nonglait Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association, said that those affected by the planting of these four paia are four land vendors and this has also affected the road. of the people because it is the highway.
Shillong, November 13: The Sunion of Rangbah Kur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep (SRKBH) has expressed its concern over the state of peace and order in the state affected by the CAB protest. The group of Rangbah Kur said that even if there is any protest, it should not turn into violence as this affects the peace and order.
The Central Government is still open to peace talks with all the rebel groups and any other group if they are willing to stop their violent activities to bring peace and stability in the area. North East of India and that discussion will be within the framework of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Nailur 18: A group of youths of Iooksi Pyllun village including Iooksi Iapkhla, Iooksi Priang, Iooksi Umdeinlin, Iooksi Kyanmynsar and Iooksi Tongkiad on Saturday gathered at Iooksi Dorbar Hall for Thlongmoo. Nehemaya Tyngkan's election campaign.
Regarding this border demarcation, the present government has taken the right decision to adopt a policy to end the border dispute, the demarcation is not by the military. neither the police nor those who investigate the work.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The State Bank of India today awarded four students of All Saint School who have passed well in the SSLC examination. Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today said that the death toll from malnutrition on Sunday has risen to The number of cases in Nongkya village in Ri Bhoi District has risen to five so far.
According to the inspection, there are only 56 beds in the district, 50 beds in Mawkyrwat and 6 beds in Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
There is a need to protect the forests because the Prime Minister has distributed tree seedlings to the people to protect the trees.
The KSU has sent a message to the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police to fulfill their duties properly. government within the District.
This is perhaps the first time that the youth have started talking about employment opportunities through agriculture.
Shillong, July 18: U Dr. Wanweiroy Kharlukhi, State President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya and MP from the state, on Tuesday said that they welcome all political parties. in this state but are yet to see them in 2023.
It is clear that the government is concerned that the health of the children will be the most important and that is why it has issued these guidelines through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to direct all schools to want to open for students to contact teachers for help.
The Chief Minister said that there is a need to introduce to the world our own identity but we should not take advantage of it. This country is in the east.
Mairang, March 23: Service to others is service to God, said Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism, at the 10th Anniversary of Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School.
“I don't have anything else to worry about them so now they have taken this decision as a father and all three sick children and only death can end our suffering,” he said. said Abdul with a crowd.
There are now two cases in Meghalaya and one case in Tura.
“The RTI reply showed that the projects have been implemented without the knowledge of the GHADC and when the facts were sent to the GHADC, the CEM of GHADC has summoned the CEOs of all the Municipalities implementing the project. The Fifteen Finance Commission for Urban Local Bodies to attend the meeting held on the 27th of this month, but no one attended.
Speaking to PIB Shillong, Kong Pyrngap expressed her happiness and said, “I am happy and pleased to receive this recognition for my hard work and I have tried to give 100 percent. per cent from the beginning to the end of the year,” adding, “it is more difficult to give 100 per cent but this has not stopped me from the hard work that has brought me to this point to get this award.
The Government wants to see that all households are clean and safe.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District today sent a notice to all schools in the district. The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2024 will be held on the 10th July
Shillong, November 13: Due to the rude and hostile behavior of tourists around the Diengpasoh View Point on the Shillong By Pass, they have thrown plastic chips, bottles of alcohol and beer bottles and other items in the area.
According to him, the length of the Pynursla bypass road is about 10-13 kilometers.
“The Central Government will launch new schemes for the development of historically important places,” he said, highlighting the many opportunities available in the states of the region. east in connection with this.
Nangsan Kynter scored 73 runs from 31 balls.
Many times we find that in that democracy India and other countries judge first the wealth and not the foundation of the leaders.
These rules describe the nature of the application form, the procedure for the review of applications by the District Level Committee (DLC) and the review and issuance of citizenship by the State Level Empowered Committee (EC).
Nomination forms can be obtained from the office of the party at Jaïaw Chapel Road from 30th July, 2020 to 6th June, 2020 from 10 am to 3 pm on the date The deadline for receipt of nomination forms is on or before 5 pm on 6th June,
The PDF has already filed its nomination papers for Bah Nongsiej at the office of the Secretary to the Legislative Assembly in KHADC. Bah B Bathroom.
Apbor Nongrum President of the Hynniewtrep People Front (HHPF) said that the reason for the collapse of the bridge is due to the overloading of trucks. .
It will start on the 27th of this month.
At the same time, the District Magistrate has announced that the curfew for the entire city of Shillong will be from 8 pm to 5 pm.
He was born in Samanda village near Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
Ryntih Football Club Chief Executive Officer Sanran Syiem said that Ryntih Football Club has taken part in the I-League of the Second Division and it has been seen that the players of the club have dedicated themselves body and soul. in this game but they didn't reach the goal.
It is on this basis that India has done so.
On the other hand, the police of Ri Bhoi District have stepped up their search operations on vehicles coming from Assam to ensure that illegal immigrants should not enter Meghalaya.
He said it is necessary to improve the budget of the state through the assistance of the Central Government.
Regarding the ban on plastic bags, all the Hima and Rangbah Shnongs have been directed to announce the ban on plastic bags in the villages within the boundary of the KHADC. .On the other hand, Bah Paul said that the ban on plastic bags has been successful by 85% and he is confident that with the understanding and cooperation of the people, we will be able to ban the use of plastic bags. it's plastic.
He urged the students who were honored today to be diligent in their studies and most importantly they should have a goal in life and when you have a goal you should pursue that goal. reach the victory.
This has to be looked at.
In honor of them, flowers were placed on this monument.
He urged the households in the rivers not to throw garbage in the rivers and wait until the vehicles carrying the garbage arrive. The KHADC will clean up the rivers Umiew, Umkhem Umngot. and others.
The Government will now write to all the relevant authorities to inform them that the State Government has revoked all the permissions of the Cabinet. Dr Mukul Sangma said the government has been clear on the grounds on the uranium issue and the government will not take any action or take any decision. without the consent of the people of the state such as the civil society and the people who have a relationship in this area.
The ILP falls under the Reasonable Restrictions that will be implemented in Itanagar, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland.
At present, both the cases (government and civil society) are fighting on their own grounds because the civil society wants the ILP while the government has introduced the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants. The bill is exactly like a fish that is covered with a blanket.
At present, the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District, especially in the Narpuh area, has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. to the street.
On the part of Bah Disharsing Kurkalang, Sordar Shnong Mawkathein, in his speech, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, congratulated Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency for his hard work. Because the leaders in the past decades have turned away from bringing about development projects but only Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh after winning the MDC election has come to discuss the needs of the village. On the other hand, the Sordar also extended his best wishes to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for his progress in all aspects. he will be able to provide better services to the people of the Constituency as a whole.
To qualify for the series, participants must complete 3 of the above races.
Shillong, July 10: The government has already demanded from the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to withdraw the announcement of the need for land for the army. BSF within a day.
He urged all the members of the Congress party from the MBCC to work together to bring a glorious victory in 2018 and without hesitation with the cooperation they will achieve victory.
Speaking at the meeting to hand over the dulir to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Minister Iaineh Nongkhlaw of the Nongkhlaw Kur said that the government is well aware of the land of the Nongkhlaw Kur which has 1000 acres within the Hima. Shillong and as the Kur today handed over to the Hima only the Themiew Mawlong.
Stationary shops, single car repair shops.
The union will apply for RTI on many forest lands and if it finds that there is misuse of forest land by any private individuals the union will take strong measures. Shillong, Nail 03: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the UHM has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. Police have arrested a robber from Umsohsun who also injured the elderly woman of Janaki Toi, 70, from Mawblei.
Shillong, June 08: The number of people living with HIV and AIDS in the state has reached 5,000, according to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment.
Inside the Parish Mawsynram today as a sign of joy was held in the Parish in which many Christians came to take part in this day.
Regarding the above issue, the KSUP requests the CEM and the KHADC authorities to take action to discuss and create the mechanisms how to achieve the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Inner). Line as adopted from the Easter Frontier Regulation 1873) Bill 2018".
I am also pleased to witness the gathering of experts in this field for the transformation of health in our country.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) together with members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit (HYC) together with members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Village and surrounding villages have conducted a medicine distribution program in Shella Village and surrounding villages today.
Idarikor Wanshong of Eriben Presbyterian Secondary School Shillong came second and Sakaniroi Tariang of KJP Synod Mihngi Secondary School Jowai came second. Eveningstar Ryntathiang of Mawkynsah Secondary School Shillong came second and Erickson Lyngdoh of Eriben Presbyterian School Shillong came third.
The country has experienced the benefits of this simplification.
The Congress party has said that the Prime Minister should be summoned to appear before the JPC. The party has sent a petition to the President of the country through the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. The Congress has urged the President to intervene and say something about this action of the Modi government.
At this meeting, the meeting discussed the writings issued by the Assam Government in 1957 and this area falls under Block-I. Your bag is located in Jowai Division.
It is necessary for the people of the country to experience this unity from time to time, to experience the greatness of this unity.
The Elaka sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased, who has been with the Elaka for decades, said Bah R Shabong, Acting. Sirdar, People's Republic of Tmar District.
Those who took part in this day were students of Shillong College, teachers and other students of other institutions.
He said that he has the intention that if he wins, he has the determination to do something, especially that the people under the Sixth Schedule should be protected. He said that if he is elected as an MDC, he will be ready to fulfill these promises for the people.
As the community grows, so will the sports activities, he said.
Referring to the Jiantiapur Palace, the Chief Minister said that this is the first time that government officials from Meghalaya have visited the palace. memory.
Speaking on the priorities of the next 25 years for the country and ICRISAT, the Prime Minister stressed the need for new goals and to achieve them.
Regarding the drivers, it was decided that they should register and obtain their labor license from the District Council. The Syiem will also order all the daju to wear uniforms.
Village officials, children, teachers and church workers were present on the occasion.
It is sad and shocking to many to learn that the equipment used for the Maternity & Child Hospital in Upper New Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District has been destroyed. , was taken to Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that they have not yet received a pro-term chairman in the KHADC. Manstudy Nongrem has resigned from his post.
Bah Thangkhiew said that they have lodged many complaints with the KHADC against the actions of the Syiem but nothing has happened till now although they have been waiting for six months.
On the other hand, the two Rangbah Shnongs of Gillagora, RT Sangma and PM Sangma of Upper Gillagora, alleged that the police know well where the pipes of the state government water supply system are. Now it is why they have not been able to name those people who are involved in this task of cutting the pipes of the government.
Then in the following chapters he included writings which tell and explain the heroes of the country.
He said the Central Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to recognize the farmers of the country for their hard work in the country and the increase in income. paper.
Lieutenant General Balwant Singh Negi, the new Chief of Army Staff of the Assam Regiment, was handed over the post of Chief of Army Staff, Central Command today. Happy Valley, Shillong.
A special section was dedicated to the eight years of Seva, Sushasan, GaribKalyan which highlighted the achievements of the government in various fields in the past eight years, including in the North East.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony of Sanbor by Governor Satya Pal Malik as Minister of State, Cornad said the discussions within the BJP party have been going on since As the prime minister, when the MDA government was in power for two and a half years, he didn't say anything because this is the responsibility of the BJP party. The President of the Meghalaya State Unit (MSP) has decided to appoint ministers from the BJP. Regarding the appointment of ministers, the Chief Minister said it will take two or three days. days to arrange the tasks that will be assigned to the Cabinet in the coming days.
Trinamool Congress Legislative Party Leader Zenith Sangma, MLA Zenith Sangma, Meghalaya TMC MDC Sadhiarani M. Sangma and other party leaders.
The enforcement officers were surprised because they didn't put their belongings inside the truck, so how could they get them down and at this time there was a verbal argument between Bah Paul Leong and the enforcement officers. .
Without naming the students, he said that some of them got 9 marks in the result announced by NEHU online and when they were checked again they got 39 marks, and some of them got only 3 marks online. mark while in the result, the students got 56 marks.
The union also strongly criticized the police guarding the Infiltration Check Gate which has been opened slowly without checking the entry and exit of foreigners. Infiltration Check Gate should be installed at the entry and exit points of foreigners.
Doctors work and treat patients all day long.
The NGT should also understand that if the mining and quarrying of coal is banned immediately, where will the lakhs of thousands of villagers of Meghalaya who have earned their living from this mining and quarrying go? “In fact, before the NGT issued such an order, it should have ordered the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to find alternatives. to provide employment to all those who will be affected by its judgment and it is only after all these that it should issue such an order.
The project will also benefit women who will have access to adequate health care.
Shillong, Lber 10: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday night sent a team of police to Syntung, Jatah and Mawsna areas and arrested 27 persons suspected of drug trafficking. They were involved in the bombing of people who went to Syntung to eat.
Lyndoh said that after the BSF set up the gates at Sonapur, people from nearby areas like Lumshnong, Khliehriat to Umkiang, Ratachera and other villages have been coming to the market. They have been arrested and accused of smuggling goods to Bangladesh and this has affected the people.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Bah M.Kharkrang, IPS, explained about the rape of women and children and these measures as family members. they should do so not to lose the evidence.
When he says kaweh tdong, they kaweh, when he says blood, they blood for foreigners.
The song “Bei Rymaw” is due to the collaboration between the group and other singers to speak the truth and convey the need to protect the gift that God has given to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. .
He said that there is a need to explain to the public and there should be a law to protect them.
The end of the first global stocktake is an important political moment to demonstrate global progress towards achieving the goals and objectives of the Paris Agreement.
He urged all the farmers of the area to take advantage of this opportunity and work hard for the development and preservation of their traditional culture and at the same time to promote it according to its culture. thodur now.
The KSU's decision to carry these banners at the venue where the government was celebrating Meghalaya Day was shocking and after a while the banners were removed by the police.
The Prime Minister of India has said that he is deeply saddened to learn of the passing away of the Archbishop of the Shillong Archdiocese. Dominic Jala will be remembered as a man who could not stand up from Meghalaya in the development of the state.
Until now, the 4th Teachers receive a salary of only T.6000 per month.
The union has urged the KHADC to direct the Hima, Sirdarships and Dorbar Shnongs not to issue No Objection Certificates (NoC) to foreigners who have been appointed through the Post Gramin Dak Sevak (GDS).
“Besides the above recommendations, the party also hopes that the recommendations of the Committee set up by the Government will yield good results,” he said.
The CEM reminded that the ASHAs are selected by the villages to work and assist the health department in the villages, they are the ksiang among the people and they are the information providers in the villages.
The FJKGP has only one question whether in Ri Khasi-Jaintia we don't have those great men or women who have the ability to draw and spread the pictures of these paradoh parasnam who have been. the pride of the nation.
Shillong, March 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today held a march from the statue of Kiang Nangbah to its four-district secretariat and returned to the same place.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: The AJYWO Central Body has congratulated Justine Dkhar, MLA of Khliehriat Legislative Assembly Constituency for the relocation of the Khliehriat C&RD Block to Wapung. by Wapung C & RD Block.
On this occasion, to mark the 43rd Anniversary of KAS, awards were given to the students who have scored the highest marks in the Khasi language. The meeting was led by Bah KK Kharlukhi and one by Dr. DR Khongngai. Many students and teachers from different institutions took part in the meeting. The meeting was conducted by President Prof DRL Nonglait. and thanked Dr.M M Khymdeit.
JSU/CB/F1/08-09/07 Dated, 16th January 2009 3.
After the PWD dismissed the old contractor, it called another tender for the road to be completed soon. It is understood that the PWD has called another tender for this project at the same price.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Seng Samla Mawkhar on Saturday, the 9th of this month, elected its new office bearers for the term 2019-2
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Meghalaya has a shortage of 100 metric tonnes of rice per annum. was judged.
Similarly, Dr. Jitendra Singh recalled that when the Modi Government came in 2014, many people in Meghalaya had never seen a railway in their lives.
On the other hand, the PHE has in fact released the water from the new water pipes to Sawmer sha to be clean but it was found that it is still clean and this is the reason why the water has been returned to the pipes. 750 mm of water until the water is clean.
Two days earlier, various competitions were held and the prizes were awarded to the winners.
We have also seen that the state of Tripura where the indigenous people have become low paid in their own country where they have no power over the trade and have fallen into the Khaddar rule where they have been overwhelmed by foreigners. Bangladeshis in Assam have occupied their land and it has been seen that Bangladeshis in Assam have begun to have power and influence even in politics. Manipur, it is the Manipur government which has agreed to implement the ILP in the state but why can't the Meghalaya government do anything useful to talk about ILP when the time is too late? The ILP should be implemented immediately because we urgently need the ILP which is a means of protecting the indigenous people in our state and we demand that the government should immediately implement the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act that it is the only law that can prevent the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners and that protects the customs, land and khaddar rule.
The purpose of holding these public meetings is to explain about the railway line and at the same time to seek the support of the public on this opposition to the railway line.
The selected Indian team will now compete against the world’s best, gaining invaluable experience and honing their skills for the international arena.
He said that five acres, three acres for the CRPF and two acres for the state police to be present in the area and the state police to look after the CRPF. it’s the government’s decision.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: There are 62 cases of COVID-19 in nine districts of the state, East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 3 and East Jaintia Hills District. Khasi Hills 36, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 7, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 7 cases.
The Empowered Group on Cooperation with Private Sector, NGOs and Foreign Groups said that the Government is working with Private Sector, NGOs and Foreign Groups.
He extended his special thanks to the parents and teachers who have worked hard and the students.
One of the leaders of FKJGP Garo Hills, Pritam Marak, said that they would like to express their gratitude to the people who have given their support and said that they will continue their protest until the end of the year. you have received what you have asked for.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyntiew Syiemiong Secretary Nongspung Village Council said that cleanliness is very important as a society to avoid many kinds of diseases due to pollution.
The state government, subsequently, decided to lodge an FIR against him for violating the rules.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the COVID-19 pandemic has affected up to 6 people this time, unlike in the first wave which infected only two people. There is no way to prevent this except by giving Tika.
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh, who is also in charge of the health department, said that the government wants to provide assistance to the people for the benefit of the people. disease that is in the hands.
The fire broke out on Japfu Hill in Kohima district of Nagaland.
On this occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga, who was the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to the Ai Yimring Group for organizing this program which has helped others and encouraged them to donate blood for those in need of medical care.
The Nongrah Water Supply Scheme covers the villages of Lummarboh, Nongmarbah, Nongpdeng, Dongktieh and Nonglum which fall under the Nongthymmai Constituency and these villages are still in the midst of water shortage.
Jowai November 05: The Information Department of the Union Government has held a workshop in Jowai to raise awareness among the public that the Union Government has allocated funds to the State Government for the implementation of the project. schemes for the benefit of the people.
During the inspection, HANM and KSU urged the PWD officers to follow up on the allocation of funds for the construction of the bridge on the Khasia Mara River. for the decision of the people of the border area under Mawsynram constituency.
The NKU led by its President Samla Sylvanus Malai today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to inquire about the existence of 12 Chakki Mills in the district. However, as the union doubts the distribution of Ata to the people, it has gone to the District Headman to seek information.
said Mr. John F. Kharshiing.
Jowai, Nailur 28: The Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the deterioration of the old college in Jaintia Hills.
At the meeting held at Mairang on Friday, NERCoRMP Project Manager Baj J Kharkongor explained the proposal to build the Tirot Singh Market Complex at Mairang. The market will have elevators, parking spaces, CCTV cameras, toilets and will be managed by the Hima Nongkhlaw.
He also urged the people to join the Congress party because only under the rule of the Congress party will the country be peaceful and harmonious.
The award was presented by the Vice Chancellor of the University, Dr. Sibaram Khara in the presence of the Union Minister of State for Education, Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank.
In West Jaintia Hills, Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, Comingone Ymbon, Nujorki Syngoh MLA, Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, Deputy Commissioner of JHADC as Chairman. to the meeting.
Shillong, July 01: U Bah Alexander Hek, Leader of the BJP in Meghalaya and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has spoken on the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the BJP. The NDA 2.0 government in Delhi under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the biggest achievement of this year is the repeal of Article
The venue of the election will be at Nongpoh Dorbar Hall, Sajer from 10 am to 1 pm.
However, we believe that they are our shortcomings as human beings and not our own actions or evil thoughts.
The purpose of these Fasttags is not only in Meghalaya but throughout India.
Shillong, June 23: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) has decided to remove Bah Snenglem (Ex-Gen Secretary) from the membership of the party from the 27th.
We demand that the government should implement the ILP and not set up committees to sit in committees. What is the government's intention on this? or the delay tactic of the government to ignore the issue that the Sengbhalang has demanded from the government to bring peace and stability to the people of the state as a whole.
She was taken to Bethany Hospital Shillong for treatment but later she died inside the hospital.
Justice S. Vaidyanathan, BA, BL, was born on 17th July 1962 in Coimbatore.
The CEM said that Mawroh Village has done its best to ensure that the youth from the village and neighboring villages can study. do it in their own strength.
In another incident, Raju Singh, President, Harijan Colony, Gora Line, Laitumkhrah Police Station, has lodged a complaint with the police that at 3 pm today, an unidentified person has been arrested. Brandon Basaiawmoit (21 yrs) was arrested while he was throwing stones at the colony.
/ for the year 2013-2
A corruption-free society is a guarantee of development," he said.
Regarding the certificate to move into the house that has been built to get water and light, Bah Tynsong said that after the previous meeting, the Urban Development Department has written to They said that since the letter was sent, there have been no complaints.
However, under GST, rates of more than 400 categories of goods and 80 categories of services are subject to deduction.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu will visit Meghalaya and Assam from 15th to 17th July,
“Therefore, once the initial recruitment of teachers has been completed, it will also be included in the Recruitment Board of the Ministry of Education so that there will be only one Education Recruitment Board and the The recruitment rules for the appointment of vacant posts will continue as at present the teachers are appointed by Division Level and those posts will not change but the Management of the recruitment will fall under the supervision of Education. Board," he added.
Both of them stressed the need to preserve, recognize and respect their own language.
The BJYM, Meghalaya congratulates NEHUSU for its hard work in arresting two drug traffickers yesterday and should be more vigilant and vigilant on this issue in order to eradicate such activities in this country. If anyone is found involved, they should be sent to the authorities without forgiveness as they have brought shame on NEHU and the state.
There are 44 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
The team of 13 persons cut down the tree to clear the road and managed to complete it by 10.30 pm.
Regarding Masur Dal, the government has talked to the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies to provide 5,553.6 quintals of Masur Dal. month.
Shillong, March 20: The ANTF of Tura on receiving a tip-off conducted a raid and at midnight arrested Sagar R Marak and seized 5.56 kg. grams of heroin to the person.
Police also raided Khyndailad and arrested 15 prostitutes and charged them under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
About 1M1B:Founded in 2014, 1M1B is a UN-accredited nonprofit with a profound mission: to empower youth leaders, impact a billion lives.
With the aim of fighting against the spread of drug trafficking in the country, especially in the North East, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) Guwahati, Zonal Unit has received kilograms (4,70,000) of methamphetamine worth more than T.47 crore were seized from the smuggled market.
This is the fifth watch, and about 24 of us have been sent north.
In this regard, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle invites applications from the students of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle. Sein Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, who have scored 70% and above in Class-X and Class-XII or any equivalent subject, as well as those who have scored First Class in Graduate and Post Graduate or in any equivalent field of study, in the examinations and results announced recently for the year 2019 from various boards and universities recognized by the government.
The purpose of Naiwieng as the month to pray for the dead is that those who have died when they have a cleansing fire cannot cleanse themselves so there is a need for the prayers of those who are still on earth. to receive mercy from the Creator to forgive the sins of those who have sinned while on Earth.
Recently, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh confirmed that three MLAs from different political parties have joined the party once the elections are announced in Meghalaya.
In 2007, the Thoh Shun Art Exhibition was held in Dhaka, Bangladesh for the North Eastern Region of India with the support of the Indian High Commission, Dhaka and the Greater Sylhet Indigenous People's Forum.
On the other hand, the two groups said that they have not been able to provide any explanations to the public which has left them in shock even after MePDCL and FEDCO have already signed the agreement. The contract to take over from 1st June 2019 for the purpose of conducting the work without proper notice to the electrical consumers within the division.
These journalists have witnessed the use of natural resources to dye silk (ryndia).
To do this, there is a need for cooperation between the government, Dorbar Shnongs, photographers to promote the beauty of places through the photos they publish and post on social media in this internet age.
“This should be passed into law and done as soon as possible because many of the marriages are too short and other ethnic groups who come to live here come only to do business,” said Bah Badondor.
They were inside the house but they came out as soon as they heard the scream and escaped injury.
According to RTI from the office, 48% of the work has been completed, but from the union's point of view, the work is still only 25%.
The President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang, said that many issues related to the farmers will be discussed on the day.
The award ceremony was attended by the Minister of Sports, Zenith M. Sangma.
Lakiang said that the village has been preparing for this fete for many months and the cost is high. “We have decided to go ahead with the fete,” said Lakiang. It will be held on the 5th and 6th of November.
There are three polling stations in the villages along this 13 km road. Pala Polling Station had 900 votes and Khahnar Polling Station had 700 votes. Lyngket Polling Station has 400 votes and by 2023 the number of votes has increased.
New Delhi, Nailur 27: The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) of the Union Government has recently issued an order to amend the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989 on the use and operation of electronic devices. The information of vehicle license plates on the Information Technology website and E-Challans on the portals from 1.10.2020 for the proper implementation of the MV Rules.
Speaking to reporters after the welcome ceremony, June Star Kharbuli, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) expressed his pride that these three young women have won the title. Aiboklin Rina, who won the overall, lost in the final.
There are also beautiful view points such as Maw Babu, Mawkhlieng, Mawmoit and others.
Shillong, July 19: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) today honored two journalists who have received the Journalism Award, Alicia Bakor Phanwar and Alicia Bakor Phanwar. Princess Giri Rashir at a meeting held at Shillong Club.
The KSU said that about 70% of the colleges are located in the North East.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Rotary Club Shillong has donated clean drinking water to the students of Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Shankarlal Gienka through the Rotary Club Shillong has donated T.91,000/- to the school.
Shillong, June 11: The counting of votes for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will be held tomorrow morning.
The National Ayush Mission across the country also conducts IDY programmes. This collaboration demonstrates the importance of yoga in the promotion of health and well-being in all sectors of society.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Vivek Syiem in a statement sent to the media, said that the drug dealer is the same person who appeared in the video at GS Road nearby. Bimola which has spread on social media and has caused great concern to many churches about the smuggling of drugs.
These drugs have been handed over to the relevant authorities for further investigation.
SHILLONG, June 23: The Lumrit residents of Raid Tynring, Ri-Bhoi District, today met with Kong Agnes face to face and immediately denied the reports in the media that they were involved. to join hands with the group against Bah CA Diengdoh, Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring to destroy four houses in Wah Swad on the 14th of this month.
The Department is now preparing to register those who are not qualified to go to court, and is also preparing on the part of the Hima, Raid and Villages to register them in issuing NOCs. , and he said that they have already sent a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to issue NOCs to the new ones.
In this meeting with Prestone, they said that these sub stations should be improved and increased to 11 KV to 32 KV, as well as the smart meters should be explained to the residents. that they understand and what are the advantages and what are the disadvantages.
Rajiv Kumar Commandant of the 193rd Battalion of the BSF was the chief guest on the occasion.
Shillong, Nailar 08: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in charge of Agriculture and Sports, on Thursday launched the Special Rural Work Scheme. Program (SRWP) 2019-2020 is not available.
They have submitted their petitions to the governments of these two states regarding the lack of justice in Assam but no decision has been taken yet. role.
The Dean of Students' Welfare informed the Committee that he has already consulted with the Committee regarding the transfer of the student to another department, which the University is ready to do immediately. lanot said that he does not want to continue his studies at this time.
The results of this pilot were also reviewed on November 29, 2020 through video conferencing with the State & District Program Officers by the Joint Secretary (Public Health).
The case was investigated by SI C.Lamare.
According to sources, these items belong to people who have been arrested from Jaintia Hills and police are conducting investigation whether they have any links with the insurgents. the state.
At present, the dispute over the closure of the National Green Tribunal is unconstitutional and illegal because it is against the rights of treaties and agreements (IOA & AA) and the closure is against treaties. between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States.
India has connected more than 9.5 crore households to a clean source of electricity in the last six years.
Pala said that although they have increased in the number of votes, they have lost because the party MDCs from Rajabala and Mawphlang have contested the mid-term MLA elections and from Mawryngkneng it is the party members who have won the mid-term MLA elections. The party has contested the mid-term elections and lost because of its own people and MDCs of the party.
According to the soskular agreement with NTPC, it will be operational from 2019 and this agreement will expire in 2044. The light bill after the completion of the Ganol Hydro Power Project will be T .4.54 cents per Unit.
Regarding Meghalaya, the filing of nominations will start from the date of publication of the Government Notification on 18th October and the deadline will be on 25th October. The polling will be on 26th June 2019 and the re-polling will be on 23rd June
Tura, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on his speech at the 15th Annual Meeting of the Council of Nokmas in Garo Hills held in Jengjal. In West Garo Hills, he said the government will talk to the central government that the areas not under the jurisdiction of District Councils should also be exempt from the Citizenship Amendment Act
They also said, "Even if they are small gifts, they are precious and a blessing to those who have received them and are most precious in the sight of the Lord.
His release was early this morning.
Thus, the central story was not changed, but snaps of the Khasi date were added to enrich the durim.
To mark the 75th Independence Day of India, a statue of Sohbar was also erected and these statues are the place where the fighting against the French troops took place.
Shillong, June 23: The Government of India through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Nirman Bhawan, New Delhi, has issued a directive to the Central Government Hospitals. Central Government/Medical Institutions in relation to the purchase of medicines and other items by poor patients.
In this regard, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly has written that it feels the need to make some remarks and recommendations.
Speaking to reporters, NIA President Korbar L Nonglait said, “This will be only the beginning of the raid on all shops to employ children which is illegal and we are continuing to do such things. they are cleansed.
He said the state needs to have its own Engineering College, Medical College and the government. will provide special assistance to those who study science.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the Eco Park will be the most beautiful place in the North East and the work will be completed within a year. The cooperation of the villagers as this construction will belong to the people of the area.
It was also announced that no one is allowed to enter and leave the area.
This was necessary to facilitate business operations, he said.
To expedite the construction of the power plant, the Chief Minister today directed all those involved in the construction of the power plant to ensure that the delivery of materials for the construction of the power plant. this work should be completed and operations should proceed smoothly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Chairman of the Empowered Committee of Ministers on the adjustment of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in India Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather told reporters in Shillong today that the meeting has decided that alcohol and petrol used in vehicles should not be imported into the country. The decision was taken because many of the states in India earn only from these two commodities.
Furthermore, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee has decided to set up special places for the people who come to sell milk. The Committee has decided that no one will be allowed to build basa or sher dara on the sidewalks or paths of the people. .
Bah Suchiang is a member of the pipe band at the Central Training Institute (CTI) of the Home Guards and Civil Defense in Mawdiangdiang. now he is qualified to become a kickboxing instructor.
HFU leaders from South West who attended the meeting included Bah Maiantis Lynglyngkhoi, Rymphai Kharkongor, Ferdinand Lyngkhoi and others.
Shillong, July 20: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today visited Nongstoin, the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. they are the authority of the government to the villagers and have a responsibility to dedicate themselves to the development of the villages.
The court ordered to pay compensation of T.300,000 lakh to the relatives of the victim.
The PWD department has already awarded the contract for the construction of this road but due to the heavy rainfall, the work has not started yet. a very important logn to the area.
He said about the importance of the driver's job, because if drivers don't have responsibility there is no sense of security, but if drivers have responsibility there is no sense of security even sleeping in the car If you don't have any sorrow, you don't need to respect the driver.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah B Lyngdoh said, “We cannot say that there has been a job application and before they apply, I have applied for myself, the CEO. Lafarge's Dhaka officer said that it is not yet possible to do so.
New Delhi, July 06: Today, leaders of the world have phoned Narendra Modi to congratulate him on his assumption of office as Prime Minister of India for the third time. lead the coalition government.
These villages are on the border with Bangladesh and the residents of these villages have been affected by the floods. The floods happened this morning due to heavy rainfall.
Likewise, if we do our job well from home, it will bring development to the family, the community and the state as a whole.
Paul said he has seen videos of what he said in 2002 on the Reservation Police when he was speaking publicly 20 years ago on this issue. 20 years ago where are the videos of the speech of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as a leader of the Bhalang.
All those who have ILP should submit it to the Dorbar Shnong.
The children of Niamtre, along with the bombs, ksing and Tangburi, shouted and laughed in joy to bring the Rot to Aitnar, the sacred pond to be displayed to the public before breaking them there.
Many have alleged that the collapse of the wall may have been due to instability during the construction.
Shillong, Nailar 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today inaugurated the College of Nursing at Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, he said that if the North Eastern Area (Reorganization) Act, 1971 makes it clear that Block I and Block II no longer fall under Meghalaya, they should be brought back to Meghalaya. Lamphrang said that the intellectuals and government officials are well aware of this but many churches do not understand this. Before 1951, the United Khasi Hills District of the State of Assam was divided into two Civil Subdivisions.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has also been directed to send a report on the implementation of the work in Khliehriat and outside Khliehriat to the western part of Lumshnong.
The protest will be held tomorrow morning at the office of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) in Shillong as they have already received permission from the district authorities. Administration of East Khasi Hills District.
Rymbai said that when asked whether the education department has called for a public announcement on this issue, the answer they received was that this is only a temporary arrangement. reply that the teaching appointment is only for 59 days.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Mawpun together with the Dorbar Shnong will first put up signboards as a sign of warning and the Adong Shnongs if they find anyone who is still against the Dorbar Shnong Mawpun and the Dorbar Shnong Umlyngka will discuss the issue. The EC of the Shnong and the EC, if they have had a chance to think, shall announce publicly through the media and convene another public meeting.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the guidance of the future generations which is essential as they are the ones who are carrying forward the important tasks of today.
On the other hand, Samla Nehemayah Tyngkan donated Tin Noh Jhep, Jhep Thread and JCB to dig Thliew Pyllang Jhep and vehicles.
The SRKBH hopes to get the ILP in accordance with the Constitution of India. If Manipur gets it, it will be different from Meghalaya. Herman Nongrum President and Aristotle L Mawphlang General Secretary of the Union.
Ioana Jala Kharbhih of Gasuapara C&RD Block, Smti.
However, if this violence continues, the government has to do something for the safety of the people.
The election in Nagaland will be held on the same day as in Meghalaya, while the election in Tripura will be held on
In this regard, the UDP has decided to set up a special committee to discuss the issue and after a thorough discussion within the party, it will take the issue to the MDA government. party also has a part in this government.
On Friday, an earthquake struck Mawiong Umjapung and the earthquake covered a house. Three people were injured in the incident.
The Central Government has paid the salary of SSA teachers in LP schools to T.9,200 tyngka and to UP schools T.9,900 tyngka. for LP Schools it is T.19,044 and for UP Schools it is T.20,4
Protective Helmets for Two Wheeler Riders has been included in the BIS certification which is essential for the issuance of the Quality Control Order.
“The Rangbah Kur, Bah Harison Mawlong, who has been the Rangbah Kur for more than 40 years and I am the only son, have all passed away.
He also mentioned Namdong PHC, Yokisi PHC and the general shortcomings such as water, light. He said that this meeting with the DHS was to discuss the issues. explain all the problems.
Shillong, Nailar07: Shillong Lajong FC and MLP Football Team drew 1-1 in the opening match of the Shillong Premier League at the JN Stadium Shillong today.
The match between Upper Shillong and Langsnieng ended in a draw.
Police have registered a case and are searching for her.
In the petition, the CORP demanded that the Agricultural College at Kyrdemkulai should be converted into the Central Agricultural University, Meghalaya as announced earlier. Supervision of Imphal Agriculture University.
The candidates for the mid-term MLA elections are Balajiedkupar Synrem of UDP, Komen Laitmon of India, Grace Mary Kharpuri of India, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga of India, Joshua Warjri of BJP and Mosjo. Rock F.Wanswett PDF.All the polling officers today left for the polling stations to conduct the election tomorrow.
There are 685 recoveries so far, 6 recoveries, 3 from the army, 1 from the civilian and 2 from the BSF. The death toll has risen to
This is in connection with the death of Rosy Sangma at a hospital in Gurgaon on July 4 this year after she went for treatment there.
To support the establishment of jobs and this scheme allocates one type of job for one District.
Minister of Steel.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Satya Prakash, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs, said that the Union Government has spent up to T.74 crore for the development of the e-Vidhan and for one state. The expenditure has reached T.12 crore, out of 40 states so far since the beginning of 2016, 35 states have been able to complete such meetings and today's meeting is the fourth.
He said that there is a need to upgrade the road from Jowai to Nartiang and Khanduli to Assam and the cost of upgrading the road will be T.100 crore. the NEC, but the remaining amount is only T.19 crore.
The KSU has submitted a petition to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
On the other hand, BJP Vice President Gagan Jain said Zenith Sangma should have thought carefully before saying such things.
He said that the union has lodged a complaint with the department almost two years ago, but it is sad that the department has only made promises to do so. He said that no signs have been seen yet, he said, adding that they will wait until there is a tragic incident which could take the life of a person.
On the other hand, the Union would like to thank Ma Nehimaya Tyngkan, one of the residents of the village, who has donated his own pla of stones for the purpose of filling all the holes in the ground. u Street.
He said that if only 53 km of land can be obtained this year, if land can be obtained in 2022, the ksainar shiah road in Meghalaya can be completed this year. The land will be allocated by the State Government.
After the march, a short meeting was held followed by the burning of Mombati and condolences were sent to the family members of the deceased.
Swami Ji’s sentiments on patriotism and nation building and his teachings on service to people and service to the world continue to inspire us.
In this regard, 10 banks have been merged to promote banking activities.
They said that their visit to the KHADC today is because the KHADC has not informed them what it has done on their complaint and it is because of the silence of the District Council. Regarding the promise of the Deputy CEM in front of them today, they will accept it and if this promise comes true, the protest will intensify, he said. and Pasbha Kharngi.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated the newly appointed candidates for their election as 'AmritRakshaks' in AmritKaal.
When inquired, he said that the illegal residents of the slum are those who live on bilor, tin jot while there are other men who work in the fields, work in mystery and some who claim to be who work in the Municipal and in the shops.
It means a naturally occurring insect that does not harm plants, humans or animals, which can become infected if not carefully avoided.
Remember recently Bah HS Shylla, former CEM tried to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem but in that meeting it was an urgent meeting in which we the children of thousands could not take part to give our opinion how to build and improve the Hima Mylliem according to the changing times.
The COVID-19 Committee of Baridua Village in Ri Bhoi District has visited the factory and found that some people have come from abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Executive Member (EM) of the Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the District Council will send a letter to Paul in the coming days. Leong is the owner of a shop in Iewduh.
According to the Amendment Bill, the salary of the Speaker has been increased from T.63,600/- to T.1,08,000/-, the salary of the Deputy Speaker has been increased from T. 62,750/- has been increased to T.1,06,0
The Central Government wants to clarify how to improve the education of the indigenous people.
The Trust is registered in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Government.
Referring to the resolution on the Ram Temple today, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this will strengthen the future generations.
The visit of the people today to the office of the Deputy Commissioner to shout that they want cleanliness in Jowai by throwing garbage in plastic in front of the office furthermore in trouble as JMB does not have a formal landfill.
The Prime Minister said that this great sacrifice of our heroes will not be in vain.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the Meghalayan Age Festival will be held at Thadlaskein in the second month of October.
To improve the income of the people, the Central Government has introduced an ordinance under the Forest Act of 1927 which prohibited the transportation of Siej.
The task is heavy and the task requires all the Dorbar Shnongs in this Ri Hynniewtrep to take action to read carefully the laws and regulations prepared by the KHADC authorities, and undoubtedly the Jaintia authorities. Many Rangbah Shnongs have expressed their surprise over the Bill and requested Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Dorbar to implement the same Act. to follow up with the JHADC authorities and to urge the CEM JHADC and MDCs of Jaintia Hills to convene a meeting of Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi so that the laws will be in line with the way of life in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 06: The Department of Commerce and Industry has wanted to improve the construction of a market in Borsora but the problem they are facing is that they don't get the land.
He said that these drug dealers sell drugs in small bags but the price is low up to T.8000/- to buy it is not easy, these drug users when they don't get money they start stealing and the lute.
In a statement, the UHM has expressed its anger against the state government and the district council for the injustice against the people of SWKHD especially in Domiasiat. Uranium.
The seizure was the result of the hard work of the Mizoram Army and Police.
We see that education in Meghalaya has increased due to the presence of school founders who are selfless and have the spirit to improve the society such as religions, churches, himas, raids, villages and individuals.
Dr. Chen said the State Election Committee of the VPP held on the 16th of this month after thorough discussion has approved the name of Dr. Ricky AJ. “Whether we win or lose doesn't depend on the number of MLAs but on the people to decide,” said Dr. Chen.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Commissioner and Secretary, C&RD Department, P Sampat Kumar.
Other speakers on the occasion said that this agreement between the Khasi Hills and the Central Government is still alive today.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators. Police believe that the child was brought from the hospital because of the incident. the name written on the hand is still there.
Nirmala Sitharaman announcing the several relief measures across multiple sectors in view of COVID-19 outbreak, during a press conference through video conference, in New Delhi on March 24, 2020.
I can prove it and I am willing to even appear in the media.
When asked, she said, “We demand that the Government should not protect us by setting the wages and implementing the Welfare Board.
The BJYM Meghalaya has supported the demand of the Rangbah Shnongs and civil society organizations to relocate the Municipal employees living in Them Motor to another place.
Spin bowler Manish Sharma won the Best Bowler (U-23 men) after taking 54 wickets for the Col CK Nayudu Trophy and State A Trophy, while Dipankar Baruah won the Best Wicketkeeper (U-23) award. -19 men) after 25 catches and stumps four times in the Cooch Behar Trophy.
The two organizations, after receiving many complaints from the people of the district and especially from the unemployed youth, have decided to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of WJH to seek clarification from him. Rajest Hajong and Sujit Kumar Barman, President of JYF, said that the names of foreigners will appear in the list for the post of Sericulture Demonstrator. JYF and JSU, which work body and soul for the welfare and order for the welfare of all, strongly oppose this decision of the District Selection Committee DSC to allow foreigners. Emperor Bareh, General Secretary of the JSU Central Body, said that the JSU Central Body has been working hard to protect the rights of the indigenous people who have not yet received their jobs.
The KSU sends its condolences to the family of Samla Belovedson Dome and informs that the KSU will be with you for 10 days.
The Mawkyrwat Division Water Supply Office has lodged a complaint with the police to investigate the complaint of the residents of the village against the water pipes used to supply water to the village. found made into garden sticks in a haka near the village of Gilagora.
KHNAM is led by PT Sawkmie, Laitiplang Kharkongor and James Ban Basaiawmoit.
The first Northeast Geology and Mining Ministers' Conclave was held today at Niathu Resort, Chumukedima, North East Region. Dimapur, Nagaland.
Fourwell Khongmalai was appointed Championship Director along with Edward Mawthoh and Arson Suting as Technical Referees while Donny Ranee was appointed as Overall Supervisor and Chief Technical Adviser.
The event was attended by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah H.Kharkongor, Director Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Dr (Mrs.) A. Laloo, employees of various government departments, village leaders and residents of the area.
The theft of the mobile phone was captured by a CCTV camera installed inside the shop where the pictures of the three persons involved in the incident could be seen. run.
The winners of the Marathon in the men's category were Teeibanstone Warjri from Thynroit, second place went to Denzil Gordy Warjri from Mawlai and third place went to Bateiskhem Warjri from Thynroit.
No one was injured in the collision and the driver of the truck has not lodged any complaint in connection with the collision. car.
New Delhi, Jymmang 06: The Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI) has agreed to produce 713 products under the One District One Product scheme of the Union Government. Districts in India as a whole.
The purpose of this cooperation is to provide mutual training and especially how to fight against terrorism as the two countries have been affected by terrorism in their respective countries.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The government of Conrad Sangma has now abolished the judicial powers of the District Councils, Hima, Raid and Village Courts. Police of East Khasi Hills District have arrested four persons from a parking lot in Dhankheti. They are Pollingstar David Nongsiej, 34, Haokhola Vaite, 32, from Dhankheti. Thangabui Thado, 44, and Jessie Lalsangzual, 33, were arrested from a parking lot in Dhankheti.
The turnout for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency was 65.49% and for the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency it was 81.02%.
The Supreme Court of India has said that the underpayment of temporary and contract workers from confirmed workers is a violation of human rights.
According to the Wild Life Protection Act, 1972, it is clear that the killing of wildlife is illegal. The Act also prohibits the cutting down of special trees.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) is the leader of the Hindu community in Meghalaya and works with the Puja Committees, Temple Committees and Committees in charge of holidays.
In this Bill, they have made it clear that the special allocation for women will not work in the Lok Sabha elections in 2024 and if the census has not been completed, the question will be asked. now it is why it was delayed and why it was done in special session.
After his arrest, he confessed to the theft and led the police to the houses of those who bought the stolen weapons. The stolen goods and police have also arrested the buyers.
The SP News Agency has found that in these two District Councils, there will be a joint Executive Committee in which no political party will have a maximum of 16 members.
The University will also consider the request of the Naga leaders to obtain the statement of the refugee, with the consent of the refugee, so that those involved can be identified as soon as possible.
Sharma has been a critic of Home Minister Narayan Kaji Shestha and Finance Minister Prakash Sharan Mahat and has accused them of being involved in gold smuggling.
This also increases the income of the people.
The Minister said that the biggest beneficiaries are the people as the reduction in logistics costs and taxes has led to a reduction in the prices of goods and services.
The old saying goes, “Hey Ho, don't raimaw raidieng, it's a house when it's a shikur shipara, because it's the blood of my mother and it brings trouble”.
It is also necessary to set up special buses (vehicles) which will run every 40 minutes from morning till the end of Pomblang.
In the coming years, we must strive hard for this national goal.
On the other hand, the RBAF Commander had a detailed discussion with Major General MK Mago, YSM, SM, Commandant of the CIJW School and they discussed a lot regarding the training at Vairengte.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the letter was sent on the decision of the Legislative Assembly held at Student Square to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill. 2016 of the Central Government and the State Government should implement the ILP immediately.
In the first list, up to seven of them have lost their names in the second list.
It was also suggested to the government that all those students who failed the selection test in 2019 should be allowed to take the final examination in
They also handed over a 7.65 pistol and a magazine.
The reason is that terrorist activities, protests are social disturbances and as it stands it is still in the hands of terrorists.
There will be 22 disciplines in the Meghalaya Games and more than 3000 children will take part in the Meghalaya Games. The National Games will be held in the State.
Out of these 375 households, 90 households have been destroyed and the owners of the households have lost only their food and clothes.
At the same time, the Union has warned that if anyone fights against any incident, the Union will not be responsible.
As the minister could not confirm anything, the teachers decided to hold a meeting to discuss how to act on this.
The Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has convened the Business Advisory Committee to meet on the 23rd of this month to fix the dates of the session of the Legislative Assembly.
JHBDPL will meet the fuel demand in five states including Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha and West Bengal.
The entire construction will be completed within the next five months.
The Chief Minister said that the rice received by Meghalaya through the Social Welfare Department for food production and distribution through Aganwadi is 1604 MT and if 50 kilos per shibyrni it is 34000 byrni not 100 byrni.
On the other hand , UK Nayal said that the talks between the DGs of the two countries were successful , as all the issues were resolved at this meeting by mutual understanding and at this meeting it was emphasized that the information should be sent in a timely manner.
There have been no recoveries from COVID-19 today, but the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 13868 and the death toll has risen to
He also urged the residents of the state to fight against the use of plastic. The government has banned the use of plastic in government offices and such as plastic water bottles, it was a struggle.
The demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state has been led by the KSU since 1978 and this demand has continued until the Meghalaya government on 19th November 2019 accepted the demand of the people to implementation of ILP in this state.
The Fifth Pay Commission will start working immediately but the Prime Minister did not say when the commission will submit its report to the government. will appear in the work rules.
On the other hand, the KHADC is aware that the government has set the deadline for the 5th of this month but the Council also has its own problems. MLA Election in which dozens of MDCs have won the MLA election.
Others who have taken part in the film are Julius Basaiawmoit for Sound, Naisha Tariang for Set Design, Dari Khyriem for Make up and others.
He said that in the past when people earned more money they accused them of being corrupt and now when people earn more money they accuse them of being corrupt. It is necessary that we encourage our fellow human beings when they work hard and do good and if we don't encourage who else will take care of the country and the nation.
Therefore, even after 73 years from 1st January 1948 – 24 July 2021, as shown by the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs, the talks on the amendment of the Instrument of Accession along with the Annexed Agreement are still ongoing.
It is learned that many places have been landslided and there has been damage to houses but till this evening there have been no reports of injuries.
Speaking to reporters, President Lamphrang Kharbani said that their visit to Delhi is part of the reminder to the Central Government that it has taken note of the demands of the people and also to follow up on the decision taken by the State Government to enact the ILP and to include the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Participation certificates were also distributed to all those who came to take part.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Former CEM of KHADC, Bah Cleophas Bankerlang Syiem, today met with the people of Mawhati Constituency to discuss his intention to contest the MLA elections in held in Mawhati.
Speeches were delivered by Bah W Syiem, Sirdar Hima Nongpoh, Rangbah Shnong, Nongpoh Proper, and other Rangbah Shnongs who encouraged the traditional healers to continue in their work to protect the the environment through their hard work.
Shah spoke about the sections under the IPC that exist in the country for the protection of child rights.
The names of the recipients of the awards are CA Premi Dkhar, MBBS (OBG), Dr. Pynthymmelangki Dkhar, MBBS, Wapungshnong, Dr. .Sooki Dkhar, BHMS, Jaliyiah, Dr.Mercy L Dkhar (PT), Iongkaluh, Mr.Deil Dkhar, B.Tech, in Computer Science Engineering, Wapungshnong, Ms.Deimonhi Dkhar, B.Tech, in Civil Engineering, Tuber Shohshrieh .
Speaking to media, Bah Mighter said that he joined the UDP party to serve the people of the area, but due to the lack of elders, he could not leave the party.
1400 certificates were distributed to these trainees from two parts of the course.
He said that out of the 60 constituencies in the state, there are some constituencies which have not sold their forms because there are no MLAs who will now join the Congress party to contest the MLA election. MLAs will join the Congress party in due course.
On the other hand, the Co-Chairman, first met to listen to the problems of the Gram Sevaks, to listen and understand the problems they face in their work and requested the State Planning Board to create opportunities. to set up their own cadre to open up opportunities for them in promotion as they do not have the opportunity to promote in their job.
“We request the teachers and supervisors to cooperate with the day laborers in the payment of salaries,” she said.
They also visited the Rashtrapati Bhawan and the Prime Minister's Office.
At the meeting of the Youth of Iooksi Pyllun on Saturday, many youths of the village gave their opinions and urged the people to support Nehimaya Tyngkan so that the aims and aspirations of you will serve the people successfully.
With this failure of the Hima to resolve the boundary between these three villages which have been in the midst of dispute between them since 1987 by issuing a public certificate of the Lyngdoh at that time. to the general public in great distress.
The biggest problem is the road, as you know the road is the backbone of income, the road inside Ranikor is still lagging behind in many aspects.
NEIAH was established to provide health services to the people of the North East and Sikkim in the fields of Ayurveda and Homeopathy.
The BJP expresses its gratitude to Bah PN Syiem who fought against this bill and also to Kong Agnes Kharshiing who filed this case. This is the law that has been passed by the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
The District Council has sent a search warrant to the Enforcement Police against foreign drivers in nine zones following the demand of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association. Three foreigners have been arrested by the Shillong Sadar Police Station.
Nongrum said that many of the youths have now dared to apply for police jobs because the time has come.
Their ID cards were also recovered from the pla. They were identified as Rashid from Burbaktela, Sujan from Telagaon, Piyush from Banglabita and Appu. He used to live in Khanjoy, India and now lives in Telangana, Bangladesh.
I would like to remind you that it is the Government who must take responsibility for the delay.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to God the Creator who has been with him in his life and who has guided him. At the same time, he expressed his special thanks to the office bearers of the Catholic Women's Association, Mawkynrew Parish who have taken this important step by saying that the service to others is also part of the he is the servant of God.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Pyndeng, Bornard Syiemiong, Secretary, Lambor Nongrum, Youth of the village, leaders of the party from West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills District. .
Aristotle C Rymbai in his speech said that the Laskein Block Unit was established on 16th October 2010 under the leadership of Meker Shwa. Pura Wett and I were the Conviners at that time from the 5 Block Units of MSSASA in Jaintia Hills.
It is alleged that many of the Rangbah Shnongs and members of the Dorbar Shnongs are the ones who allow foreigners to enter the villages.
These children were selected from all the states of the North East of India and the selection was based on their personal ability.
According to media reports, the AICC in a meeting between Bah Lapang and Sonia Gandhi in Delhi said that Sonia Gandhi has ordered them to resolve the issue peacefully but if it does not reach peace, it will not. They will be summoned to Delhi to decide whether to remove Dr Mukul Sangma or not.
The two political parties today formed the UDP-HSPDP Coordination Committee, with Dr Donkupar Roy as its Chairman.
The union said that because there is no directive from the government, the training centers will charge the school fees.
The leader of the Association said that if the media reaches the hands of the private sector, the price of phone bills will increase and they will do whatever they want, this will also affect their employment. people in this whole area.
The FKJGP has warned the State Government not to allow such organizations to create trouble in the State.
Traditional games will also be held as part of the promotion of the culture of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people through sports.
At a public meeting held by the Hima Khadsawphra, on the request of the Hima to the government to build a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh, Bah Hek said that if the statue of this great man is erected, There should be sufficient writings about this Syiem so that not only the statue will remain but the people who come to visit will know who Syiem Tirot Singh is.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of various districts have been ready to ensure that the relief relief will arrive in time in case of any tragic incident.
He said that corruption should be eradicated, the working methods of the government should be improved and the working methods should be encouraged. and to meet the needs of the people this is the way of working in government.
Two thousand were forty thousand, five hundred thousand, five hundred thousand, and six hundred shekels.
On the other hand, the KHADC has suggested that out of the 37 MDCs, the KHADC has suggested to elect 35 MDCs who should be elected and two who should be appointed and should not be increased to 40 MDCs. KHADC also demanded that paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule should be amended to replace the President with the word Lat.
The meeting was opened by the Head Teacher of UP School, the Rangbah Shnong Laitdiengsai and the Chief Guest, Bah Labiangbha T.Tariang. , BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block and welcome speech by Fr.Velerian.
The Election Department and the Education Department of the State Government on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding to implement the Electoral Literacy Clubs (ELC) to register students who have completed years old to get their Electoral Photo Identity Card (EPIC) before the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The Secretaries are Lasky Rymbai, Jambor War, Balajied Rani, Mitchel Wankhar, Winning Sungoh, GG Bung Snaitang, Dr Aman War, Teinwell Dkhar and Monarch Shabong.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 40th Anniversary of the party, the Governor said that spirituality comes to man which is life and spiritual life. it will not come but you have to look for it.
Speaking to reporters, DIG BSF Praveen said that 75% of the 443 km road between Meghalaya and Bangladesh has been completed. remains currently 25%.
In the past 10 years in India, Prime Minister Duh said that one university has been established every month, a new ITI has been established every day, one Atal Tinkering Lab has been opened every three days. , and two colleges every day.
The Chief Minister said that the government is aware of the condition of this road and it passes through the wettest area in the world and this has caused changes in the soil conditions and landslides. The road is 60 km long.
Listen carefully, on June 5, at 9 pm, turn off all the lights in your homes, stand at the doors or balconies and light candles or diyas, torches or mobile flashlights for 9 minutes from 9pm on June 5th.
The injured were taken by ambulance
The theme of the game is that the trafficking of women is widespread in tourist areas.
According to information received, the landslide in Garo Hills has caused many roads to be blocked. that bag rep kba.
Short speeches were also delivered by JSU President Respian Syntem and Washington Shylla.
On the other hand, the Seng has also sent a letter to the Principal Secretary of the State Government to assist in taking action.
He also congratulated the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) personnel who arrived in time to extinguish the fire before it spread to other neighboring houses.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Bah Dlas Rani, one of the herbalists from Mawryngkneng village who has been working in this field for more than 40 years, has applied for the Right to Information from the Meghalaya State Medicinal Plants Board. , regarding the expenditure on the cultivation of herbal medicines in Meghalaya.
In her speech, Dr Natalie used the word “Jyrngam Benefits”.
The meeting of the Governing Council was chaired by Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare Harsh Vardhan. The reason is that for the past two years not a single meeting has been called to discuss the improvement of the hospital.
He said that in the past, the Ïewduh was one of the places where the Khasi children lived and it was also called the food bowl of the nation.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that may God of peace be with you at this time when you are facing a dark storm in your family.
The residents of the area have been affected in delivering their produce to the market as there is no other route to take through the cut-off of this road.
Shipor has warned the residents that they are afraid of losing their wire lights and if they fall into the ground, it will cause injuries. this bag.
“India, for example, aims to promote carbon neutrality along with reducing GHG emissions through the use of clean energy sources, port goods and eco-friendly vehicles. electricity," said Sarbananda Sonowal.
During the inspection, the union found that the doors and windows were broken and the entire building was filled with bottles of kyiad.
Furthermore, the recommendation acknowledged the changes in information technology and social media platforms which have led to uncertainty between the time before the MCC and the 48 hours of no speeches, which has led to the dissemination of appeals to voters at different times.
In this regard, MAWU will meet with the health department officials to resolve the issue.
When you contact GR Infra Ltd.
ML Khongsngi, JE of Nongstoin Revenue, explained that the residents should try to use CFL or tube light bulbs so that the bill will not be high and avoid complaints. The MeECL Office will continue to strive to provide increasing electricity supply in this area.
Use of technology in teaching preparation and school management and availability of ICT and quality assessment of classroom teaching.
The Rangbah Shnongs who hold the village affairs should not get involved in all these things.
The PIOs in this Act are to assist the people and at the same time to protect the government department. allow people to even get information from the government.
The only Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya Dr. WR Kharlukhi and 26 pilgrims from Meghalaya have left the border of Bethlehem, Jerusalem for Egypt.
“To ensure the welfare of the people of the state, the ST Morcha will conduct various programs in the state, by visiting many villages and explaining about the schemes of the Central Government and to ensure that citizens will receive the benefits.
The power of 130 crore united Indians is with us all, it is the power of each and every one of us.
Apprehended persons and seized items handed over to the concern department for further legal action.
Shillong, July 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement expressed its satisfaction that the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has once again elected a Khasi as its Chairman.
At present, nurses have a closer relationship with patients during their treatment.
I have come to fulfill the tasks that my fellow Indians have given me.
The Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling in reply to a question on the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme in Mawlai in the villages recognized as urban areas with the permission of the Minister. middle.
Shillong, March 29: U Minister of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, today laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the road from MBGM to Mawpyllun at a cost of T.10.98 crore and the length of this road is 7 meters. Another road which the Minister of PWD has laid the foundation stone for is the M&BT road from Shipapara village to Rajapara. km long and the cost of this road is T.8.5 crore. This road has also been funded under the RIDF XXII scheme. The meeting was held on the 28th of this month in the presence of the Secretary of PWD, Bah P Marwein and the Chief Engineer of PWD, Bah LD Suchiang, along with the residents of these villages.
In the UDA, they have decided who will be the CEM. I cannot accept the decision in the market, so if you admit that you have 17 people go to work before the Governor but from Now I don't see them doing it, if you have the majority bring a motion of no confidence and I will accept that, to just announce from the restaurant is unacceptable.
According to the KSU, this situation shows that the VEC will be stronger than the Dorbar Shnong. The KSU urges the District authorities who have been empowered according to the Riti Dusthu to take action against the This should be discussed with the Minister in charge of Rural Development and the post of Shongknor VEC should be the Rangbah Shnong.
The Returning Officer has directed the VPP to send its reply by the 11th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Bah George B Lyngdoh said that his visit to the teachers was to express his sympathy to the teachers and at the same time to understand more. to their problem.
This action of the Central Government shows clearly the attitude of the people of the Central Government towards the people of the North East.
It was also decided to follow up on this issue where these organizations especially the Tynrai Foundation and NESFAS will follow up on the decisions resulting from this training.
The Parliament has decided that Meghalaya, which is not a Sixth Schedule State, has been exempted from the implementation of the CAA 2019 [6B (4)] as proposed by Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC. The State Government to send the Resolution because it is up to the District Councils to send their Resolution, that too, not to the Government of India but only to the Governor who holds the keys of Regulation No.5 of 1952 – “The GHADC will have to send its own resolution to the Governor because the Repealing Act, 1897, as written by Dr. Milton S. Sangma, has abolished the ILP in Garo Hills since the time of the ILP. British Government of India.
West Jaintia Hills District Police today informed that there has been a landslide at Demthring on the way to Amlarem and the district authorities are working to clear this road. I'm going to stay.
These two villages fall under the Mylliem Block. The Head of State Government in her speech said that the Central Government will continue to implement this scheme to the Mylliem Block. the villagers and the money will not stay but will continue to flow.
Regarding this complaint, Bah PS Dkhar Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, promised to the members of the HNYF that he will send officers from the office to investigate the complaint. u Bah Donbok Dkhar after meeting with the DC today.
If the people don't like the NPP party, it's like the Garo party or the AITC party in Kolkata, the MLAs who will win again will die. there is nothing like the death of a dkhiew in the thit.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Nationalist Congress Party (NNC) will get ministers in the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, as many of the Congress MLAs who have won now have won many times.
The Government should open temporary markets for the farmers in all places to pave the way for their agricultural products especially perishable vegetables to market their products and also to avoid overcrowding.
New Delhi, Naitung 11: Under the Nirbhaya Fund, the Ministry of Women and Child Development, a scheme for the treatment and support for the rights of victims of rape and girls under the age of The budget for children is T.74.10 crore.
Microlina said that regarding the strike, the workers will not take a decision to suspend or continue the strike based on the statement they will receive from the government which is the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today. It is as if the four of them have spoken about the protest.
Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem and Gigur Myrthong from Mawshynrut, while the former MLAs are RV Lyngdoh from Mylliem and PN Syiem. from Mawkhor.
Speaking to reporters, President Lamphrang Kharbani said that when the ministers from Meghalaya go to Delhi, they don't want to talk about the issues of the state to get the ILP, but they go only to look for schemes. If Manipur gets ILP, why doesn't Meghalaya?
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC said that this is not only a report, but also a kind of document to verify the use of land under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
According to reports, there is a strong suspicion on the part of the police that the AK.47 rifle was fired by the Lehnoh but the vehicle was fired. The attack was carried out by GNLA supporters, police said.
Sudesh Kuma, IPS, IG, BSF, Meghalaya Border, has inaugurated the blood donation.
In the complaint, the DC said that this shop is a shop which has received approval from the DC's office to supply the necessary equipment for the works related to the shop. Shillong, but with accurate information, this shop has misled the authorities in charge of this scheme by issuing bills that should not be sent for payment of items under the MGNREGA scheme.Shillong, July 10: U Bah Nathaniel Rymmai, manager of Marvellene Inn, on Tuesday said that the owners of the Marvellene Inn are cooperating with the police in the investigation into the incident. respect.
The cleanliness drive was held on the call of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for 'EkTareekh, EkGhanta, EkSaath' to mark the birth anniversary of the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi and this is 'Swachhata Pakhwada' - Volunteer Hi Seva' 2023 campaign.
During the meeting, the Union Minister promised to find ways and means to lift the ban on coal mining as soon as possible, he said.
It is worth mentioning that the purpose of the competition is to raise awareness among the public on how to avoid and avoid HIV and AIDS. they can be exposed.
The talks between the two countries on national security issues are the highest level of talks between the two countries. especially the relationship between the armed forces of these countries.
Members of the Seng have also completed the distribution of medicines in Kher Pyrkan, Disong, Duba, Jamew, Jasir and Mawryngkhong.
The MDA government has now included in the scheme that the government has applied for funds from the World Bank. One of the schemes in this application for funds is the Umiam River Bridge which connects Shella and Mawsynram. this request for funds to build roads.
The Seng in a spirit of love and humility expresses its gratitude to you thousands of Christians of the State for your progress in the knowledge of man and knowledge of God and to love and respect peace in the country. this time.
Police have seized 21 kilos of ganja from a bus number AS-01JC-0979 and arrested two persons inside. They were identified as Dharanveer Ray, 33, and Prince Ray,
Shillong, July 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on July 25, 2024 filed a complaint against the Director of Housing Department of the Government. The State is covered by Section 20 of the Meghalaya Local Prosecutor's Office Act
Other assistance measures taken by the government.
On the other hand, the MZP, as part of strengthening the alliance with the KSU, has decided not to oppose at all if the Khasi from Vairangte go to apply for land titles.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh said that this is the beginning of the protest because the government has not taken care of the health of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the brutal behavior of the Assam police in bombing and beating up the Assam police. Umsawli village in West Khasi Hills District.
If the strike does not succeed, on the next day, on the 28th of this month, all ASHAs from all districts of the State will take part in the strike,” said the President of the ASHA. Kong Myrsing also congratulated the ASHA workers who have held Peace Rally in different districts as well as the Sengbhalang and Rangbah Shnongs of different villages who have accompanied and participated in the Peace Rally. gave support to the ASHAs in the first phase.
Shillong, March 27: The National People's Party (NPP) today welcomed HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem as a full member of the party. party.
The MSCSO holds this football tournament every year at Moopynieiñ Playground, Moopynieiñ Village, to promote and encourage the youth to play chess and also to showcase their skills. their skills in the field of football.
Based on the voices of the people who spoke in the villages and markets, it was understood that the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates contesting for the MDC election
“The Youth Association in collaboration with the NRE Pageant India Pvt.
The most prominent speakers at the meeting were Bah HS Shylla, President of the party, Working President of the party who also announced the name of Bah Teiborlang Pathaw as the candidate of the party. MLA Election 2018 from Mawlai Constituency.
Police from Aramaile Police Station received a tip on the incident at about 3 pm on Tuesday.
The handover of the post of president to Bah Banteidor is to strengthen the party without waiting until the general council of the party because we are working for the good of the party. you party.
He said that the Seng and Umtring Village will seek clarification from the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Government authorities on this matter. threatened to expel them from Umtring.
The Manager said that the damage to the vehicles has amounted to more than Rs 1 crore and the company has lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station.
Shillong, July 10: Cosmos Company Ltd, President of Sutnga Youth Federation (HSYF), today alleged that Cosmos Company Ltd has destroyed forests in Sutnga area and the destruction has been about 2 or 3 kilometers. .
It has a fully equipped IPD with 60 beds in Ayurveda and 20 beds in Homeopathy.
On this occasion, a film was screened and prizes were awarded to the winners of this competition and other competitions held at July the awards were presented by the Governor of the State.
Bah T.Mawlot said that this is not to oppose the government but to give advice to the government, because at that time there was a plan of the government to bring a Municipal in Mairang. The government has withdrawn and they don't care about the job allocation and the lack of proper boundaries.
All those who come have to buy tickets from the organizers and the proceeds of this competition will go to the village.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the VPP said that the party does not approve of the government's actions. young men in search of work.
We are now committed to making Meghalaya the first state to have 5G Smart Emergency Response,” said Mr. Pranav Bajaj, Co-Founder of Medulance Healthcare.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The National Security Board (NSC) on its visit to the state in the past two days has met with many thinkers of the state and civil society organizations to discuss how to introduce security measures in the state. region.
The installation of this gate is in accordance with the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act,
The march started from Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Dorbar Hall and ended at Student Square where many school children came to take part in the march.
Shillong November 04: – “If anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like a man looking at a tree in a mirror” James: 1: 23, this is the theme The VII Plenary Session of the Union of Catholic Women of Shillong Archdiocese was held at the Epiphany Church Mawbri, Zone VII on 3/12/2
Before the commemoration, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem together with the Executive Members, MDCs and staff of the Council laid wreaths at the memorial of Rev. Fr. JJM Nichols Roy who erected a memorial in the grounds of the District Council.
As the Tibetan people are still missing their religious leader Panchen Lama for 26 years they don't know where he is. Panchen is the second highest ranking Buddhist in the Tibetan community. even you shaei you don.
The Government of India will provide a subsidy of T.18.50 per kilo for those states who still wish to sell at T.13.50 per kilo in Fair Price Shops. for the years 2013-14 and 2014-1
He also said that all stakeholders, the Central Government, states, individuals and private sectors should work together and look into the further development of infrastructure and connectivity in the region.
As the Seng which has been watching and fighting for many causes that affect the country and the nation but has not forgotten or abandoned its fellow citizens when they face such unexpected incidents. the road is thinking.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne to demand that he should inform who will give permission. to build this road in Balakhawa.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul said that the state is already a state that appears in heritage stories, such as Mawbynna, krem, law kyntang, kshaid, music and others.
At the same time, the court ordered the government to pay T.50,000/- to the victim.
The opening ceremony of the 14th tournament was attended by Bah PD Sawkmie Secretary and office bearers of the Khasi National Congress.
In East Jaintia Hills, 65 percent, West Jaintia Hills 76 percent, West Khasi Hills 70 percent and South West Khasi Hills 78 percent. There are no districts.
On the other hand, the JSM strongly condemns this incident and at the same time the JSM demands that the District authorities of EJHD should not grant bail to such forest dwellers who have lost the spirit of God. The bail of such people is a threat to the girls of the district and the state as a whole.
It is to be recalled that the Expert Committee has issued its notice on 15/July/2024 as the deadline for submission of comments. This is the state of Meghalaya.
The BSF troops, on seeing the people and the cows, surrounded them and arrested them.
A storm has struck Dombah village under Mawthadraishan C&RD Block on Tuesday and damaged a house.
The South Korean spokesman also said he looks forward to closer cultural and economic cooperation between South Korea and Meghalaya.
“In connection with the murder of two women in East Jaintia Hills, Fatima Dkhar, in Jalyiah and another in NH-44 Dkhiah East, the union strongly condemns. to the wicked who have taken the precious lives of these two men.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Union Home Minister Amit Shah today inaugurated the Tremendous Inter State Bus at Mawiongrim which was funded by the North Eastern Council at the cost of 90% and 10% of the funds. the Government of the State of Meghalaya.
According to the States on the Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grant proposed for 2022-23 and the funds released to 14 States, Meghalaya has received T.86.08 crore.
According to information received from the Vice President of the Delhi Unit, they have informed the relevant authorities.
Through this statement, the union sends a message to the students to do well in their examinations because the matric and HSSLC examinations are the most important examinations in our educational life as it is the examination that will allow us to continue. furthermore, education is an opening in various fields of study.
The driver and the follower were arrested by the BSF after they failed to give a proper answer and for failing to show the islands to carry the eyeglasses.
The body of the child was taken to Ialong Civil Hospital for postmortem and after completion of the necessary procedures according to the law, the body of the child was handed over to the family members, police said. .
Shillong, Nailar 28: Two Independent MLAs supporting the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon, who are Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA-II government, today joined the government. and the BJP today.
The Minister of Home Affairs visited Churachandpur and met with leaders and a group of community groups.
Under the New Greenfield Airport Policy, it is planned to have more airports in major cities.
Speaking to reporters, the convener of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michael Syiem, said that the goal of the Maitshaphrang Movement is to bring unity among the people.
U Bah Lambok as he used to go to work every day on the first day he went to work and left work as usual every day without informing that he had any illness or pain and left work to go back to work. the house as usual every day.
If you are interested in applying for this post, please call these numbers.
The Seng has said that after seeing that some of the constituencies of Ri Khasi have nominated candidates from other ethnic groups to defend the rights and respect of the Khasi customs and traditions in the KHADC, will this lead? If this happens, the candidate will win.
Shillong, November 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that one person has died of the disease in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of deaths in the district to The number of cases in the state has increased to
Shillong Press Club today told reporters that on the 12th of October this year, the Dorbar Shnong has sent them to sign a letter. to say that they evicted them and they had to leave from that day on.
He said countries like Russia, England, Israel and India have also struggled to find a cure to fight the disease.
Speaking to media, Tara Douglas said that during these three days of the screening of films about the indigenous people of the North Eastern Region of India, she has made them through “Animation” film. from Meghalaya, who was named “U Syiem”, were also present along with others from the North East and Riewlum from other parts of India.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister laid the foundation stone for the construction of the entire office of the block.
This action of the BJP has now become public.
BJP Leader Dr. M Chuba Ao, who was also present at the meeting with reporters at Polo Towers, said that the state needs peace and urged the HNLC to continue to fight for peace. you are talking about peace.
Before that happens, the light and the opportunity to sell drugs must end in our present generation.
These are the ones who need to do something.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The KHNAM today said that it does not have any way to prevent the influx of foreigners into Meghalaya except the Inner Line Permit, said Bah Adelbert Nongrum Working President. of the organization.
At the conclusion, the weapons and ammunition used by these two battalions were also demonstrated and at the same time an example of how to fight against armed men was also shown.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the officials of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) to express their opposition to the government's decision. The citizens of Meghalaya who came from East Pakistan, now known as Bangladesh, were allowed to enter the country.
On the other hand, Bah Majaw President of JYF urged the people of the State to be vigilant and consider carefully which candidates have responsibility for the country and the nation, not for the party or the party. “I hope that their rights and precious time will not be lost, but will be a blessing and development for the entire State,” said Bah Majaw.
California-based AI, a leader in intent-driven customer solutions and contact center services, has announced the opening of its offices in Shillong, Meghalaya.
The Seng also urges the Government to produce more information instead of Aadhar so that it will make it easier for the people as many people have not yet accepted Adhar.
India has been at the forefront of choosing healthy climate solutions.
Regarding the NEET examination centers in Shillong, Hek said the government has already directed the health department to clean and Shillong, Nailur 04: The Government of Meghalaya today decided not to allow the public to go to the Secretariat. from Monday 7/9/2020 to Saturday 12/9/2020 to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Not only that, there was also a refusal to allow entry especially to those people who have already registered as Vendees to buy from the market. The BSF did not allow them to enter.
Shillong, November 04: The market vendors in Shillong have launched a massive protest by carrying placards at their places of residence to show that they too have jobs. to earn and support their children and households.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: The cooking of food is an ancient practice which was taught thousands of years ago by our ancestors. Mlatkhur and Thangbuli villages under Amlarem Sub Division are the two villages that benefit from this fishing activity.
Shillong, July 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawsynram Circle has opened another office in the Hima Malai Sohmat.
Similarly, if you fail to score 3 times, you will be deducted 1 point.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Aibor Suna, one of the members of the former dorbar, said that the residents of the village have come to meet the EM in charge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War. Protest against the violence of Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem in appointing the temporary Rangbah Shnong.
Dr Lyngdoh said that as a person from Ri Bhoi District, he respects Dr Lapang and it is through him that he too will come to politics.
In addition, online gambling platforms and apps continue to promote gambling and gambling, as well as underground as games.
At this meeting, the UDP unanimously elected Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party of the party. UDP candidates SK Sun and Samuel Sangma.
“Rajnath Singh has assured the support of the Central Government to the states of the North East to improve the needs of the police.
The JSU Mukhap Unit would like to express its gratitude and congratulations to the Minister and the staff of this office who have been quick to listen to the concerns of the people. for the sake of the country and to solve the problems of the people.
On the other hand, the Union Minister expressed her gratitude to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for accompanying her on time and visiting the garment factory. They also attended the meeting with the officers in charge of parents and children.
The Syiem's ​​office has informed that the market will be closed on that day until the cleaning is completed.
Introduction of UCC will completely destroy the special rights and privileges given to tribal communities," the petition added.
He said that after the expulsion of these foreign workers, the owner of the house has lodged an FIR and the union has come to cooperate with the authorities. of the law to give their statement.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Fisheries Department today held a fishing competition at Nan Polok and the biggest fish was caught by Bah E Iawphniaw weighing 4.8 kilos. .
“I am pleased that the Chief Minister has appointed me to appoint this government department, because this government department is responsible for the conservation of the land, water and the environment,” he said. He urged all those who have completed this training to apply what they have learned in these trainings in their jobs.
The fire incident also reminded us how to take precautionary measures.
The KSU has congratulated the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency for bringing forward the ILP issue for clarification from the Government.
“As time goes on the relationship is still closer.
Thomas Passah said that the government has made a mistake in the prevention of COVID-19, because as it is now it is clear that the government is not ready to fight against it. you are sick.
This incident shocked the people who were in the area and suddenly stopped the game.
He also thanked the members who have rejected the SaansadNidhi and the 30% salary cut during the pandemic.
How did the Nano manage to escape from the scene when the family members of the victim had already taken action to inform the police?
At present, the Executive Committee of Bah PN Syiem has nothing to do with it even though the HSPDP has withdrawn from the alliance because it still has the support of the UDP. The HSPDP has three members. The EC led by Bah PN Syiem has said that the EC led by Bah PN Syiem will not have any problems with the KHADC. The Congress has 15 members, there are still UDP MDCs who are still working in the EC. (SP News).
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of President Samla Laitphar and General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang has visited the country to check the documents of foreign trucks. War Jaintia and the Seng have found that there are 298 trucks parked in the parking lot before entering Bangladesh without proper vehicle license plates and owned by foreigners.
The Sports Secretary advised and encouraged these athletes to work hard before taking part in the tournament so that they can reach the top of the table.
The campaign was launched on Dussera for the people of the North East (6 States) as a sign of fighting against evil.
Unfortunately, Meghalaya is not a sugar producing state and has to buy from other states at high prices and distribute to the people which the government has not been able to do yet.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the 2nd November, 2024 will be a public holiday in the district as part of the Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
The General Secretary of the HNLC has alleged that almost all those who work illegally, whether in contract or supply jobs.
Today, the Catholic Church has held prayers and prayers for these Christians in the country who are being persecuted because of the their faith.
Egenstar Kurkalang General Secretary said that the people living on the border are facing many problems because they have been attacked in many cases because they do not receive the ration card or the NERGA scheme known as the 100 days bill. .
The incident in connection with the appointment of a commission of inquiry by the government is that on 13th November 2008, Full Moon Dhar was accused of cutting off the status of a woman. He was arrested and detained at Shillong District Jail but on 31st June 2009 he escaped and the next day he was shot dead by the police.
Regarding the request to evict them from the area, he said that as they have been living in this area for a long time, the government should have allowed them to build houses in this area because the houses are as they are now. the sugar and that tin.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister of India said that today is the 1000th Independence Day of Afghanistan and India stands on the basis that Afghanistan is to attain true freedom.
The special recruitment started on the 22nd of this month and will end on the 27th of June. For Meghalaya, it will be held at three venues, Tura, Shillong and Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has been working day and night to inform the authorities that the term of office of NEHU VC KN Srivastava has expired last year. The VC should not be appointed as the owner of the country.
In addition to the 24 languages ​​recognized by the Sahitya Akademi, there are thousands of languages, writings that reflect the culture of the people.
Answering a supplementary question, Symbut Chief Minister said that as it is, there is no rule for setting up the AD Camp, but in the years 1999, 2003 and 2012 when Garo Hills Hills is in a state of emergency where these police stations have been set up.
Mrs. Beautiful Smile was won by Biorist Thangkhiew from Nongjri, Mrs. Cat Walk by Aibianglin Lapang from Nongjri, Mrs. Photogenic by Livaralis Mawrie from Pahamsyiem Nongpoh and Mrs. Beautiful Eyes by Syiemlieh Syiemliew from Lakyntiew. Lumumpih and Mrs. Perfect were won by Sinaris Lyngdoh of Umsamlem.
For the opening of more foreign flights, the Ministry of Civil Aviation of the Union Government will take a decision in consultation with the Ministry of Home Affairs according to the circumstances.
There are 14 Bangladeshi troops and 20 Indian troops.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Nongsiej said that the office is ready to appoint these newly elected MDCs at any time if the order comes from the Governor. .
Close up of hand wearing protective disposable gloves in lab and holding a bottle of vaccination drugs.
This was announced by the Assistant Publicity Secretary of KSU Laskein Circle, Seibormi Sutnga.
Shillong, July 23: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, today said that the The border settlement with Assam has moved forward and what remains now is to visit these areas.
The ceremony was attended by ministers and family members of the Hima.
The President of the Seng Kmie also gave a strong speech and wished them to continue to work hard and righteously for the sake of the people of Hynniewtrep. work of the organization by the leader of the organization.
Regarding the forest in Mawpat, he said that they will wait for the report of the investigation team as they will discuss the matter while the investigation is ongoing.
On this basis, the JSU&JYF demands that the CEM of JHADC should stop immediately from this violence and bias in the appointment of its own people, because the JHADC It is not his private business but the people's, who have elected the MDCs to be the protectors of the rights of the people as servants to look after and manage the order and governance within the JHADC. .However, the action of Madonbai Rymbai CEM of JHADC is exactly as if it is his right or his property to the JHADC. u today 28th-01-2014 to talk about the problems of young job seekers, he refused to help by doing anything, and he turned on the light saw all day long to tell about his karma.
On the same day, special awards were also distributed to nine students who passed well in the SSLC and CBSE examinations last year.
After meeting with them (UDP leaders), I didn't refuse immediately, I talked and discussed well.
In this regard, the BJP Mawsynram Mandal led by Bah Kesborly Kharbani Vice President East Khasi Hills in the presence of Bah H Syiemlieh President Mawsynram Mandal has met with Bah AL Hek and demanded that he should be removed. Dr.C Sohkhia from Mawphlang CHC to Mawsynram CHC. On this demand, the Minister said that he will look into the necessary measures to resolve this issue. CHC in Mawsynram has four doctors and is now in line.
According to Conrad, Assam Minister Piyush Hazarika said the KSA's statement was inappropriate and unpleasant.
He said that since 1997, 22 years have passed since the Supreme Court ruled that the people cannot refuse to illegally cut timber.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the elders of Nongthymmai Village said that the Mawsynram PWD Division has taken action against the Mawsynram PWD Division. more than 100,000 villages have to pass through this road.
He said the aim of the Union is to understand the gender identity and that the school system should be safe.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that if it goes well as planned, the land vendors will be able to be relocated in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Nailur 7: Today, 29 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya.
He said that the International Tourism Mart has been important to open up the tourism opportunities in the North East, by showcasing the unique identity of the region, heritage and traditional customs. and equipment and is a hub where those involved in tourism can connect with foreign as well as domestic customers.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tysong today laid the foundation stone for the repair of the road from Shillong to Sohra. of this street.
Other speakers on the occasion included Protasius Suiam, Principal, Waphasan Bareh, Principal, H.Deolangki Dkhar, Secretary General of AJYWO-Central Body and others.
Digital services in India have completely transformed our financial services.
Reginald Thabah, Education Secretary, FKJGP Chief Executive Officer, FKJGP.
Shillong, Nailar 12: A group of non-governmental teachers (JACATAM) has rejected the report prepared by the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) on the issue of to take over only the posts of teachers in all schools in the state.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the Village Organization (VO) of Mukhnang village for taking part in providing food items and encouragement to those who are under quarantine in this village.
On November 9, 2022, the Hon'ble President of India announced the launch of the PMTBMBA throughout India. Under this programme, the donors are called Nikshay-Mitras.
Shillong, March 18: U Bah Alos Nongpoh Secretary of the Amur Falcon Society Tyrso, on Tuesday said that the birds have started arriving at the village as usual every year. place before November 15th.
Therefore, in order to avoid the darkness and doubts of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, UCIL AND AMD SHOULD EXPLAIN TO THE PEOPLE who and when the NOC was issued (1) Rangbah Shnong (2) Syiem Hima Langrin (3) KHADC ( 4) and why does UCIL send its employees to disturb the villages in Mawthabah and Wahkaji? It clearly shows that the employees of UCIL and AMD are the disturbers.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should explain to the people through the newspapers that the people should register their shops or register their people otherwise. The union will oppose people to register shops.
The country which imports vaccines is now distributing vaccines to the world under Vaccine Maitri.
The meeting was attended by Samla Badonkupar Nongbri, Assistant Office Secretary, KSU CEC who conducted the meeting. Tyrsad Circle, Samla Wallam Nongsiej Vice President Delhi Unit and also Samla Iashanborlang Mukhim Assistant Organizing Secretary KSU CEC. Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The State President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawri, on Tuesday said that in Rajabala, the Mandal has just been formed and they have not been able to visit the villages. The BJP has not yet nominated a candidate for the mid-term MLA elections in Mawryngkeng and Mawphlang. According to the party's constitution, they can build a stadium in any constituency if they reach 1500 members.
and from all over the country people came to see this festival.
Brigadier (Retd.) WBJ Sturgeon gave special training on how to fight against insurgents and how to deal with mass protests whether in rural or urban areas. in this case.
Members of the Press Council of India (PCI) today held a meeting with journalists in Shillong to understand the problems faced by journalists in the state.
The Government needs to address the problems from the ground up and needs its own land because the land is the source of life.
To strengthen this campaign, the Ministry of Home Affairs has set up NCORD in 2019 and has also set up Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTFs) in police stations of all states. will be held in June 2023 in Delhi.
It is time for the State Sabha Academy to improve the spelling of the Khasi language.
He said that the policy is still in the process of being prepared and the government will take all the necessary measures to ensure that the policy will be curbed. even the elders as well.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Principal of John Roberts Theological Seminary, Mawklot, Rev. Fr. BJ Syiemlieh was also present.
The Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction that there are now many groups working together to improve income.
The MoC has submitted an application to renew the FCRA but the Ministry of Home Affairs has not renewed it with the aid of the Union Government, but after two days it has been renewed today and this is a victory. .
Speaking to reporters, Brighstarwell said that while the government has not yet appointed the party, the party will continue to protest until it reinstates the three officers who have been dismissed from the party. the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The post mortem examination showed that there were no signs of injury outside and inside the body.
According to Chapter II, Section 20, non-tribals working in Jaintia Hills must have an Employee's Service Licence.
Speaking to reporters after the session, the CEM said that the demand of the Opposition is well-founded as they did not have much time to read the bill because they did not have a copy of the bill. the bill was distributed to them on Monday of the month.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP President Dundee Khongsita said that the Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC has recently approved to strengthen the Dorbar Shnong Acts and the FKJGP supports this. decision, because it is time to curb the infiltration of foreigners in every village.
The departure of the 12 MLAs who have left the party which does not have a seat in the state will be difficult to buy, even the NPP party has taken time to enter, the BJP is strong. It will take time for the Trinamul to develop its skills or money.
Regarding the death of the fish, the government has sent officers and they have gone to investigate together with the ICAR personnel, but the report regarding the death of the fish has not been received.
At present, the College has only been able to start training in Volleyball, Tennis, Long Jum, High Jum, and Basketball, in terms of basketball, they are still looking for a way to build a basketball court.
“It is the duty of the police to protect the people from injury and if necessary they should use force according to the law,” said KHNAM in a statement.
Tapan Gogoi General Secretary of AASU said that various civil society organizations are opposed to the bill signed by the Prime Minister. Assam will not allow the transfer of land to Bangladesh which has 111 villages.
The meeting also discussed the work taken to see how far the work has progressed.
The guidance of this group of experts, the comments from the public and the recommendations from the Commission were carefully considered before the final rules were sent to the Ministry of Education for approval.
With a haul of 6/40 in the first innings, Manish thus claimed 14/54 in the match – some of the best-ever figures for a Meghalaya bowler in history.
At the same time, many groups have strongly condemned the incident and some groups have even met the Governor at Mahadev Khola Dham.
If this is the case, it is too late for the Congress party to mention it in its election manifesto.
This day has been declared as a public holiday for the MLA Election 2018 to the Legislative Assembly.
We have met with various groups in Manipur to various leaders of Manipur, they say and allege that there is something worse that the eye cannot see.
Regarding the expenditure, he said that out of T.657.75 crore, the central government has released T.291.81 crore and the remaining amount that the government has not received is T.365.24 crore.
Shillong, July 06: U Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Council of Chiefs and Spokesperson, on Tuesday, June 4, 2018, as part of the follow-up to the discussions on the Sixth Schedule, Shri Satyendra Garg, IAS, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt of India, New Delhi, to submit a petition on the suspension of agreements and commitments on the Instrument of Assessment and Annexed documents. agreement 17 August 1948.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has promised to the union leaders that by the 9th June this month, the government will repair the road as soon as possible. Narpuh area because the snow has been so bad that there is no room for vehicles to pass.
Umkremdykhong won the tie breaker 4-3 goals.
In the days before the curfew, there were petrol bomb blasts at the CRPF camp in Mawlai, Langkyrding in Nongmynsong, stone throwing of the ADM's vehicle in Demsieniong and Mawlai. incident in East Khasi Hills.
It is therefore important to understand and acknowledge the concerns and fears of groups who find that this Act violates human rights and affects Indigenous people and Muslims.
International Yoga Day is celebrated around the world on 21st July.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, has called a meeting to follow up on the sale and purchase of land by the Forest Department in Mawphlai. The District does not have any allegations of fraud in the purchase of land.
“The goal of the MRB is to open more branches in all the rural areas and it is expected that this will happen,” said Sangma. people who have been able to stand on their own feet and own the jobs they have received.
PM SVAMITVA said it came from the initiative of Prime Minister Duh to issue Record of Rights to the owners of houses in rural areas through the issuance of property cards.
In his speech , Bah Martin M Danggo said that in fact he does not want to contest the MLA election because the people have defeated him in the mid - term election All the leaders who have left the party have returned to the party.
Reniktone said he will do his job to the best of his ability and trust God to give him the wisdom as a minister to work for the state as a whole.
The Social Welfare Department is in the process of building a room to store the documents for the re-implementation of the Child Line by the state government. waiting for government approval for former employees to become full time government employees.
The discussion was that if the NPP or UDP wins, the number of MDCs will increase to 30 and if there is a no confidence motion against the EC, the count of votes will be 15 to Teinwell will not be able to vote for the EC.
John F Kharshiing President of the Shooting Association Meghalaya (SAM) expressed his satisfaction with the victory of these members of SAM who have won various medals in the competition. The Director of DIPR, Bah HM Shangpliang was also present while talking to reporters in Shillong.
The total number of cases in the state is 1186, 813 in East Khasi Hills, 45 in West Khasi Hills, 71 in Ri Bhoi, 23 in West Jaintia Hills, 118 in West Garo Hills, 3 in South Garo. Hills 19, East Garo Hills 83 and North Garo Hills
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle, Samla Pynskhemlang Uriah. Former Secretary of the KSU, Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU, delivered the closing speech.
The discovery of the body was made this evening after the hard work of the SDRF and DDMA. At the time of writing of this news, the SDRF is still investigating to verify whether it is Bah Marshall. Marwein didn't know.
Another reason is that after the start of the work, there have been complaints regarding the construction of this road and these have delayed the time in which the company will not be able to complete the work. November 2023 as scheduled for the following reasons.
The Prohibition of Benami Transaction Act (PPA) has yet to be discussed with many government departments, but the rules of the Benami Transaction Act will be implemented as soon as possible after November. government will be able to implement.
To improve health and to provide health facilities in the area with private assistance, a Virtual Clinic will be set up so that people can get treatment through doctors when they have difficulty explaining and writing. Medicines are available because many people have poor health because of lack of food and drink.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed prizes to the children who came to take part in the drawing competitions from all over the country.
According to a statement issued by the BSF on Twitter, the drugs seized from these persons were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through that area. from India.
Khliehriat, November 06: The Congress party has opened its office recently at Lad Rymbai Dongwah village.
This protest will not be like in previous years when they used to hold mass marches to express their demands from the Government.
The KSU Nongmynsong has recovered 11 tins of umphniang from a shop known as Sharma Enterprise.
Andrew C Gare was also appointed as the President of the West Khasi Hills District.
The religious leaders at this meeting said that all those Christians who have registered have to go back to register with the Registration officers appointed by the government and this is to do the same thing twice. it puts the writers in a difficult position.
While it sought to strengthen and accelerate vaccination, it also underpinned the need for order to be able to complete the world’s most far-reaching vaccine rollout.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. Meghalaya from the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that the NPP will contest in all three constituencies in the mid-term elections in these three constituencies.
Shillong, Nailar 26: BSF troops today conducted a free medical distribution at Bulaghat village in South West Garo Hills District under the scheme to assist the people in the villages bordering Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has expressed its strong support to the program organized by the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CAO) to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill of the Central Government.
The four youths, two women and two men, won two gold medals against other wrestlers from other states and one silver medal, while one did not win. bring the thong.
The union said that the government's announcement regarding the food allowance of children issued recently is that there is a need for Aadhaar. Those who apply for this application must have Aadhaar.
The other candidates are Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Denis Siangshai and Iborina Shylla.
On the first day of the curfew, the curfew went smoothly without any incident.
There are 3512 polling stations in the state, the turnout in the last MP election was 71.43% in the state, in 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency it will be 65.48%. In the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency, it was 81.38%.
It is very important to promote one's own language from schools and colleges to the home.
Tura, Nailar 23: SF-10 Police on Tuesday morning received a tip that some armed groups were hiding in Emangre area of ​​South Garo Hills District. Police have raided the area to arrest the suspects.
Therefore, the union has demanded and informed the authorities such as the PWD department and leaders from MP Bah Vincent Pala, MLA Bah Robinus Syngkon and MDCs to look into the problems of the people in the area and also to repair the road for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
This happened on Tuesday morning while the truck was coming from Smit.
As it turns out, our demands were not discussed, probably out of neglect by the Government," he said.
The KSU would like to request the Deputy Commissioner and the District Level Team of the South West Khasi Hills District to investigate the notification from the Political Department of the Government of Meghalaya issued on the 14th.
The opposition, as they are not satisfied with the expenditure in connection with this project, today visited this power plant in the state.
In the evening, there was also a performance of traditional Khasi and Korean songs.
The NPP has urged Dr Mawthoh not to be corrupt and has accused him of being the spokesperson of the Congress party. I don't want to take away the position of James.
In the match between Pyndengrei and Madan Bynther, Pyndengrei scored 10 goals to win the title.
It is clear that the purpose of these roads is to mine uranium, according to the Land Acquisition Act of the Central Government introduced in 2013, according to Article 151 of the Act. The law does not allow the government to inform the owners of the land.
He says he chooses to be alone rather than misleading friends.
After being arrested by the family members of the child, the union handed him over to the Jowai Police Station for further investigation. claim.
This price reduction will help the poor and rich as well as the people of Tura and West Garo Hills and the Chief Minister wants to make a promise to the shopkeepers. that the government should protect them all from being demanded for money.
His visit to the area was to encourage the residents of the area and there have been attempts to blow up the bomb. stop such practices and this is a crime.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency, regarding the trade routes to Bangladesh, the Chief Minister said that it is true that Meghalaya has a 443 km border with Bangladesh. Bangladesh and it is necessary to strengthen trade and commerce of the country.
Detailed information on the loss of jobs in Mawnai village has not been received at the time of writing.
The number of women in the country has increased compared to the last census.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the leaders of the party said that this is only the beginning of the protest, but if the government does not listen or do anything, the party will take another step. “It is not a good idea to listen to the government. The party will not sit idly by and watch the suffering of the people,” said the statement.
After the opening ceremony, Rgh Kworshon Marbaniang of the Seng Khasi Nongthymmai Madanriting Pyllun welcomed the guests. Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, and a mastieh was performed by the Seng Khasi.
If you choose the wrong one, you will become a seller of your own country.
If there is any suspicion of insult to Kim's family, the North Korean government regards it as insult to God and should be severely punished.
Shillong, November 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs to express its disapproval of the decision of the High Court Judge SR Sen. Foreigners of Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parisian, Christian and other religions shall be allowed to become Indian citizens regardless of whether they have proper documents and regardless of how they enter. India is the country.
and if the Chief cannot punish them, he should resign from the post of Chief Minister of the State.
In this letter, the KSU is surprised to see that many of the students of the state have been given places to write the examination in Dibrugarh for the examination to be held on the 17th and 18th of this month. .
During the visit, the Minister said that the government is looking for ways and means to deal with natural disasters, in which the government is struggling to maintain and build necessary works. in this area.
Friends, you are well aware of the situation due to the corona virus around the world.
He said the party will monitor this to ensure that foreigners should not get land especially in Upper Shillong and said that the party will meet the Chief Minister to express its opposition.
Two deaths have been reported today, one of them from East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi 1, bringing the total number of deaths so far to .
This trade affects the livelihood of the villagers.
Secondly, the committee is very pleased with the residents who have a sense of responsibility for the activities that come within the village of Mawlai for the benefit of the community.
The two organizations also found that these authorities had violated the Interstate Migrant Workers Act (Regulation of Employment and Condition of Service) Act.2011.
At the same time, all the elders who attended the meeting expressed their support to the District Administration to bring peace.
He said that we as a nation have a central language which can unite the nation.
The survey found that out of 130 households, only 13 percent have bank accounts.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that in 2013, it was said that there was a need to take more land and the government had taken 50 acres of land, but from the Airport Authority of India. You don't have 68 acres of land.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma to resolve the issue of employment in Iingdak. post Gram Dak Sevak (GDS), Asst.Branch Post Master (ABPM), Branch Post Master (BPM).
Now, the question is for the political parties like the UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP, NPP, NCP including the MLAs themselves what is their position on this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that this training center has been in existence for several years now and this training is only for the children to learn to write and write. be in a small room to be taught.
Shillong, November 14: Chairman of the National Security Council (NSCS) Madhukar Gupta today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue of NSCS. It borders with Bangladesh.
The ANVC has accused the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma of inviting them to take part in the peace talks with the government, but now the ANVC leaders have refused. (B) They see that this is just a political ploy of the Congress and ANVC. In a statement, the party said that Mithun M Sangma who was arrested from Borsora has left the party in Nailar this year and carried two guns of the party.
Referring to the JAC, he said that he has requested them to accept this road for the benefit of the people of the area and the JAC is also against the mining of uranium. now and if later it is accepted by the majority, they too will have to agree.
Shillong, April 26: The Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TSA) has organized the third two-day sports tournament for schools in the area.
“The purpose of this meeting is to bring together everyone, especially the departments within the state to work together without focusing too much on schemes,” he said. There is no limit to the water supply but it is necessary to have a Water Policy.
The border areas in the northeast of about 5500 km have been closed.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that foreigners are allowed to come to Meghalaya only those who have been vaccinated twice.
St. Joseph is an example for women to serve, to surrender and humble themselves for the sake of the Blessed Virgin Mary, to go to the rulers of the world and God, says Rev. Richard Majaw.
The Secretary of Lumshnong, Ma S.Rupai, on hearing of this incident, said that he is not happy to have such a person who violates the dignity of women. to the glory of the city.
He said that it is through the ONOC scheme that many of the workers who move from one place to another have received their share of food grains quota during this time of COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong, said that the government has not consulted the village authorities or asked for the NOC. The government has brought in a Medical College and they have accepted the TB Hospital.
Prestone said that today the Minister of Transport, Sniawbhalang Dhar and the Minister of Agriculture, Banteidor Lyndoh visited the ISBT. come to.
All those who are sick should be sent for blood test if possible because they have the knowledge how to check for such illnesses through blood examination through Rapid Test, or at PHC, and also at hospitals. heh.
Market vendors should install powers to collect food waste, plastic or paper plates, containers, waste food, soh, jhur and others and These waste shall be handed over to the vehicles designated for collection.
With more space, many trees will disappear.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Syngoh said that the Chief Minister has promised to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam. and to ensure the suspension of this police outpost.
The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) will conduct a survey of land plots along Khyndai Lad, Jail Road, Barik, Malki-Dhankheti, Laitumkhrah and Polo Roads from 4th to 16th November. , 2023.
On the refusal of the Marwaris to buy agricultural products from the farmers, the Seng leader said, “We demand that the Government should enact the Minimum Support Price.
On the other hand, HANM Secretary HANM East urged the government not to do anything to preserve the land as it was to preserve the mati. Nelson Kharbani Vice President of Khasi Hills District said that they are not against the improvement but the fountain should not be changed as it will destroy this famous monument.
Various competitions were held among the students of the school during the two-day programme.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today called a meeting with the police on Monday night to discuss the incident at the gate of 58-GTC which resulted in injuries. soldiers, village leaders to discuss the incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the Central Government has reduced the allocation of funds for Meghalaya for the month of November. It has received T.116.45 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Shillong Police today arrested a vehicle number ML05-M-3976 and seized T.1,43,500/- from it. counterfeit money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Union of Meghalaya Teachers (MSSASA) Mawkyrwat Block Unit South West Khasi Hills District will hold a special training for elementary teachers who are still teaching online. DEl Ed course through NIOS on the 11th of this month at Nativity Hall Mawkyrwat at 10:30 pm.
Shillong, July 28: A group of SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) will write to the government because they have not received their salaries for six months, said Last Marngar President of the union.
The public is urged to come forward for testing if they have any concerns and this check-up is free of charge and these check-up centers are located at health centers across the country. state.
For Mawkhar-Pynthor Constituency, there is no clarity on the decision, the reason is that only 45 office bearers of Mawkhar-Pynthor Constituency attended the meeting and out of 45 to 18 office bearers are not members or members. office bearers of the organization.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that the temperature scanning started yesterday at 24 pm. hour.
New Delhi, July 31: Union Minister Prakash Javadekar today released the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) on the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 for cinema halls and cinema halls. that theatre.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, in reply to a question raised by Bah Lambor Malngiang on a report published by SP News Agency, which wrote, “The border talks are not over yet. This is the first time that Assam has visited Umshru River in Ri Bhoi District.
The two persons who tested positive today are from Uttar Pradesh and are in quarantine facilities set up by the government. They are both from West Garo Hills District.
There are 10 members of the Dorbar Shnong and they are Starfing Pdahkasiej, Shemphang Lanong, Banker Pariat, Mumtina Shullai, Nepha Lytan, Samon Pyrbot, Lampal Paswet, Cordilia Parait, Maphrangki Rajee, Remika Khongjah, Bah Embhahnaki Khongwar.
Referring to the peace talks with the HNLC, the opposition leader said that the village is up to the government to consider the peace talks.
On the other hand, Dr Saikia urged those present at the meeting to encourage to bring about brotherhood and to stand against discrimination.
Under this scheme, electricity will be provided to 1,09,696 poor households in the state.
Listening to the comments from both sides, the Deputy Chairman of KHADC, Bah Alvin Sawkmie, announced in the House that the polling will be held on 30th March 2021 and the polling will be held on 2nd November The two-day session of the KHADC has been postponed to 8th November
At the same time, the KSU congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun for showing its courage and wisdom to protect its residents and for lodging a complaint against the editor of the media. Shillong Times.
Besides the Chief Minister of the Khyrim Hima, Dr Balajied Syiem, the Governor of the State, Ganga Prasad, other dignitaries of the State Government and all the Ministers of the Hima were also present to witness the ceremony. They also attended the closing ceremony of the Hima.
“We will not allow the Riad land to be taken and the government will sell it back,” she said.
The Assam Rifles deserves praise for their contributions to the empowerment of women which is evident through the skills of these riflewomen.
The MSCW would like to extend its special thanks to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Supreme Court of India for taking action on this issue. The employment of women for the sake of the country has increased.
Shillong, March 02: Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne today addressed the media on the upcoming MDC election in
These include the holding of a film appreciation workshop and the initiation of the translation of all PIB statements related to IFFI into Konkani.
In the XCO, Shillong Press Club's Kevin John Khyllait won the first place in 1.52 hours to complete the 26 km race. Pynshngain Lyngkhoi from South West Khasi Hills District ran 1.57 hours and won the second and third places respectively.
Erwin said that the owners of the land are the Dolois, the Syiems and the Nokmas should be invited together. to all to work together.
Lamphrang's decision to join the NPP has affected the Congress party, as in the last 20 years he has been a strong MDC in the party but now he has left the party. Shillong, Nailur 30: Rebecca V Suchiang today took over the post of Chief Secretary of Meghalaya from MS Rao, who was sitting quietly today at his office at the Secretariat.
The Seng is concerned about the government's bias towards South West Khasi Hills District and also the government's failure to include in the government's allocation of teacher posts.
With the opening of this police station, the areas under Umsning will fall under this new police station.
Regarding this incident, they phoned the SP of Tura to ask what happened and the answer they received from the SP of Tura was that the stay of the ANVC members ( B) in this place is illegal, said Shira in a statement sent today.
In addition, air rifles were seized from the scene of the shooting where Fullmoon died.
According to Bah Shadap, in the past, there has been a theft of small items in which the church leaders have listened and arrested the people involved in this. but at this time as the leaders and judges of the church can no longer listen because this incident has become a different method of robbery and robbery by using money and robbery of property. and paint the box of the Bible Society where Women's and Children's meetings are held every Sunday.
The Government of India continues to take steps to ensure that the benefits of health care systems in the countries reach all people, and this includes those in the midst of social disadvantage.
The Government has also improved the GS Road from Motphran to Kashari, Laitumkhrah and especially the Khyndai Lat in the center of Shillong. thousands of people flock to this place to watch the light.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, Vice President, Volleyball Association.
On the allegation that the production of smoke from these factories has increased, the government will send an inspection to the government officials.
Shillong, June 16: Aircel has suspended its operations in the state and the number 96151-91002 has been removed and replaced by the number 96151-9 The new number is 94025-1
In the petition, the Chief Minister also put forward new schemes for the improvement of the road from Umtyngar to Sella, Weiloi to Balat, Umsning to Mawhati to Assam. known as Jagi Road and others.
Every family should practice yoga to ensure good health,” he added.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that they are on the same side against the UCC. It is expected that the 60 MLAs of the Legislative Assembly will also have the same position against the UCC. As it is now, we are still on the same path to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. just mountains.
On the other hand, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar promised to take action and at the same time he promised to forward the letter of the Seng to the Chief Minister for further consideration.
NK Singh, Former Chairman, 15th Finance Commission, Dr. Subhash C. Kashyap, Former Secretary General, Lok Sabha, Harish Salve, Senior Advocate, and Sanjay Kothari, Former Chief Vigilance Commissioner.
Each of us must find ways to give back to society.
For those who love classical music, the group has also performed songs composed by famous composers such as Chopin, Handel and Mozart. poetry reading which made this evening even more interesting.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested Probit R Marak, 24 years old and investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
He appealed to everyone to work together as the people to fight against the drug users. The increase in crime is due to the increase in drug users. these evils to strive to destroy.
When asked, he said, “the demand is for almost fifty years or before that.
Although the government has done this, the people will not back down and have a strong hope that the people will get back their rights according to the provisions of the Constitution. this is India.
“When we show good behavior to others, others will respect and obey us,” said SS Niangti.
“The Minister informed that in the implementation of the 'SabkakaSaath' in the last 10 years, the Government has helped 25 crore people to escape from poverty and that the Government's measures are now join hands with the steadfastness of these people who have received the gift.
It is learned that the government instead of solving the problems has allowed the JVK to attack the employees by counting the salaries of all the employees for the month of April. Instead of resolving the issues, the JVK has formed a group of 15 employees to demand from the government. The union alleged that the JVK should not be removed from Meghalaya. The union alleged that all this incident is the responsibility of the government and the responsibility of the people who need the 108 Ambulance.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Khasi Students' Union (KSU) President Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday said that during the meeting with the Home Minister, Amit Shah, he did not say anything. he just said thank you, without giving any reply.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Group of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep invites all the Kurs and Jaids to take part in the Football Tournament which will start tomorrow morning at Smit. The King of the Khyrim Hima is Dr. Balajied Syiem.
Ampareen Lyngdoh expressed her personal views. Over the years, it has been seen that there have been several ways to allow women to participate in the Khadar administration.
North Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1 and East Jaintia Hills
The letter also directed him to inform the names of the police officers and other officers and the rank of the police officers for the upcoming elections in Meghalaya. On the same day, there will also be a meeting with these officers.
All the tribal states of the North East from Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now come under the control of the BJP government in Delhi.
The JHADC has misused its powers by not issuing certificates to the Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat Village after he was elected on 20 April 2016 by secret ballot. Agent/Representative of the Dolloi of Nartiang District, which was in accordance with section 23 (3) of the above Act.
Expressing his concern that it is still a difficult task in Meghalaya, the DGP said, “This is because Meghalaya is close to the Golden Triangle.
“The registration of land is what we have to follow according to the Indian Registration Act.
Shillong, July 30: The KSU Sanshnong Area Unit today held a public meeting at Pyndenlyngdoh village, South West Khasi Hills District on the demand of the government to implement the Inner Line Permit and the opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act,
It is up to the State Government how to inform,” said Bah Pala while talking to media after the opening of the State Youth Congress Convention organized by the MPYC in Shillong.
Similar reports have also emerged in other states like Telangana where the government has sent an inquiry.
The UDP has won 11 MLAs in the last MLA elections and all of them are from Lum Khasi.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the members of the Coordination and Welfare Committee, Shella Bholaganj and adjoining areas to come forward and not to stir up trouble in front of the government and the world through them. lad newspaper.
Other RBCC leaders who attended the ceremony included General Secretary Nelbi B Sangma, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem and Bah Jotin Khardewsaw. Shillong, June 12: The BJP Leader, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, has divided the society by his allegation that the The NDA government has celebrated Digital India on Good Friday.
On the other hand, the speaker said that there are rules which they have to follow.
In the rural areas, factories in Mawiit should also be outside the municipalities and municipal corporations.
The ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong and other officials of the state government.
The match was very beautiful and lively with the participation of the supporters of both the teams who filled the stadium at Mawsadang.
However, only Bah PN Syiem became an MLA, who decided to fight against this plan of the Government by continuing as MLA and MDC until he got the fruit of victory after the The Meghalaya High Court has dismissed a PIL filed against the MLAs who hold the post of MDC, on the order of the Governor which has declared that the post of MDC has nothing to do with the State Government. .
Under this Act, 75% and 50% of the rural and urban residents are covered under the Targeted Public Distribution System (TPDS) at an income of 5 kilos per capita per month.
The two leaders of KSU Mawprem are still in the custody of the police and the questioning is ongoing.
The trade route will strengthen relations between India and Bangladesh, Rai said while speaking at a program held in Dawki.
Shillong, Naitung 23: U Bah Banshailang Marbaniang, one of the volunteers, has written to the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon, to reopen the tourist attraction at Lower Lachumier on the ground floor of the office of the Administrative Building.
Regarding the trade, those who do not have trading licence, labor license and other requirements should not go beyond the KHADC. The CEM has agreed to take action in collaboration with the Hima chiefs to punish those involved. he kitei that work.
He said that instead of the youth after school and also those youth who do not have the opportunity to send their parents to school or even the youth who are talented in sports, they should be involved in constructive fields. They have become involved in alcohol, drugs, or any other intoxicants and have become involved in many evil deeds. species that affect the peace and welfare of the community within the village.
However, during the tenure of Prime Minister PV Narasimha Roa and in 2010 during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh, the bill was passed in the Rajya Sabha but could not be passed in the Lok Sabha. The bill is also valid.
In the recent incidents on the India-Bangladesh border which have shocked the residents of Riwar Jaintia especially in two cases at Daarang and Amdoh, the JSU has urged the residents to be vigilant.
To call for talks from side to side is impossible without the ksiang, his position now is without bringing weapons even if he has them because he cannot bring them if the government brings them. Bangladesh doesn't have you.
He said the price of sarees from India is very high in Bangladesh.
It is learned that the Hima has requested the government and the District Council to provide assistance for the improvement of this market which is located in the center of Shillong. In the North East, they expect to receive assistance to improve this market.
Serinina D Marak said that the Assam police have come by force even though the area falls under Meghalaya. I don't want to go to Mukroh because I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
Amlarem, March 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Lurman Talang and others, with the support of Leaders of the West Jaintia Hills District Unit led by the General Secretary Samla Leningrad Tariang visited the Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School and found that the school does not have a Chemistry teacher.
These teachers are appointed by the state government and their salary is from the state government budget and the salary of these teachers is once every three months. They want the state government to listen to their problems.
There are incidents where women have been taken to Shillong on the border.
“He urged the delegates and participants to ask how this idea that has been given for decades is now reflected in the G20 Presidency of India, through 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam' or 'One World, One. the Family, One Future'
The ban on coal mining has caused a lot of trouble to the people who rely on their income from the coal mining industry. coal mining in the state.
The Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) fire engines on receiving the information rushed to the scene to extinguish the flames inside the house. There is a shop known as Janata Furniture and a warehouse for clothes and other items.
Shillong, June 02: The residents of Umsiang area in Ri Bhoi District and Mawhati MDC Bah Charles Marngar today called for a lockdown. The roads from this area to Jagiroad in Assam.
The Seng will appoint speakers to speak against the MoU and urges the Chief Minister, Ministers and those who signed or supported the MoU to come and explain or clarify the MoU which they have already signed.
The HNLC urges Conrad Sangma to leave Khasi-Jaintia which is part of the Jaidbynriew and fight for the Garo state to fall under India like the Garo people and his father Purno. Sangma was right.
Two MLAs of the party, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai in the presence of the State President, met with the party leader at Assam House Shillong tonight to discuss the issue. talk about the party.
“However, in the Lineage Amendment Bill, it is only to recognize and register the Seng Kurs but we don't see that it will have the power to empower the Seng Kurs,” he added.
He said that Meghalaya is not a densely populated state, there are 6500 villages, but the population is spreading so there is a need to set up health centres, schools and other facilities. the government has to provide.
Shillong, July 24: The Special Investigation Team of South West Garo Hills District today conducted a search operation and seized money from two places. 10,03,500 lakh rupees.
The Chairman of the Delimitation Committee, Dr S.Kharsyiemlieh, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, said that the Public Hearing will be held to hear the views and suggestions of the people from 23 districts. Constituencies from 21st November to 15th November.
Shillong, July 13: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has strongly condemned the injury of Talbinus Dhar of Mulieh village by a foreigner who was not named according to media reports. M/s New Starlite Mobile Shop, near Thomas Jones Synod College, Iawmusiang, Jowai, on the 11th of this month, for drinking beer inside the shop, according to media reports.
New Delhi, July 17: The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas of the Union Government on Tuesday wrote to the Election Commission of India (ECI) to approve the increase in the number of cylinders. the 6th is now divided into 9th.
