In the Khasi way of thinking, the household does not include two or three people who earn but in the Khasi way of thinking, the family has been expanded and as it is now, what the Khasi Seng has done? India thinks, you are indeed the children of India.
Dr. BC Deka, Director, ATAR Zone-III, Dr. NB Singh Dean, CPGS, Dr. UK Behera Dean, Director, ATAR Zone-III were also present at the meeting. , College of Agriculture with the participation of scientists, professors from various fields.
Shillong, July 03: A special team of the BSF at Mahadev, South Garo Hills district, Meghalaya, has arrested 13 Bangladeshis while they were trying to enter India. The arrested are Anjan Sarkar, Savita Sarkar, Sujeet Sarkar, Gopal Bhaumik, Shifali Bhaumik, Pujan Bhaumik, Athir Das, Nioji Das, Bindu Lal and Niranjan. Mondal, Dulal Sarkar, Akash Sarkar and Shabuddin Sarkar are all from Anandpur village of Kalmakanda police station in Netrakona district, Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 08: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Khasi Hills District. The union has also asked the office to withdraw all the letters requesting land for the construction of the Battalion Headquarters of the Border Security Force in Mawkyrwat area. Please contact us if this office is not available to you.
This has affected many churches who use commercial vehicles in their daily activities.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today held a meeting to discuss four key issues related to the nation.
This annual meeting is held to discuss the issues.
Speaking to reporters, CEO Dr BDR Tiwari said that there are two seats in Meghalaya, 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Seat and 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Seat. , Shillong seat with 36 Assembly constituencies and Tura seat with 24 Assembly constituencies.
There was a mistake on the part of the Deputy Commissioner's office in the letter written in June 2009 canceling the proposal to purchase an ambulance.
In the names of MGNREGS, SSA, Swachh Bharat, PMAY, JJM and other schemes he uses the name of the village, while in the documents he claims that it is private land,” said Bah Louis. .
Any ideas and efforts to address the problems of the villages in the border areas should be based on the wishes and wishes of the villagers of the border areas and the Governments of both the States, Meghalaya and Assam. , they should listen to the voice and wishes of the residents and develop ways and means how to resolve the issues by cooperating, consulting and understanding with the people of the border areas.
Sudesh Kumar, IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier was also present on the occasion.
There are 7 recoveries from the virus today, 42 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in East Khasi Hills. 5, West Garo Hills 2,According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 96,700 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95,036 have recovered and 95,036 have recovered. The death toll has risen to
“Now if the Congress says that the TMC has not waited and has gone ahead to announce 42 candidates in West Bengal, I believe we have to remember the fact that the Congress has not taken a decision and what was agreed," he said.
“The Government should serve the people.
He handed over his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Congress leaders today.
Speaking to media, Pastor NS Phawa said that the issue of the hospital will be discussed within the Executive Committee within two months. The employees demanded that it should be done within a month.
Answering questions, the EM said that it is only a discussion but no decision has been taken yet, so nothing can be said but “I confirm that there has been a discussion in the EC. ".
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) today called off its 12-day strike and 14 members of the union have been admitted to hospitals for treatment.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that along with these, the social development in the area has also experienced a great improvement due to the development of education and health services. as if I had never seen it before.
Shillong, Lber 26: The body of a young woman from Nongstoin has been found near the Nondein River near Nongpathar. immediately to the police station.
: The Spokesperson of the MDA Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State, on Thursday appealed to the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to withdraw from the peace talks.
From Nongstoin constituency, Bah Diosstarness Jyndiang, who is the incumbent MLA of Nongstoin constituency.
The authorities in charge of the National Park have already prepared and this is to prevent the death of animals especially those that are on the verge of extinction.
The meeting was led by the Principal Secretary to the Governor, Harish Chandra Chaudhary, IFS in the presence of the Chief Electoral Officer, Dr. BDR Tiwari, IAS. he died.
Until now, the CCIB has admitted that the border between India and Bangladesh in Meghalaya has not been resolved but the existing border is still an imaginary one.
He said that the present government is weak and cannot govern well in all aspects.
Speaking to reporters after the HYC Sohiong came to meet on the double registration of the Kharshari clan in 2017 and the same clan was registered again in in the year
“The outcome of this meeting, before I explain to you, is that the government has decided to re-look at this proposal or to look into it and prepare it. The Draft Notification regarding the extension of the CPC and CrPC throughout the State.
Preciousstar Sten said that they have requested the CS to take action in this regard and the education department to provide laboratories and classrooms for the physics and zoology students. departments shall be used in the same room.
This will also include an eye examination for those with eye diseases.
The salary of Nurse, LLB, B.Phram has been increased to T.25000/- per annum, that of Bsc, Bcom, BA has been increased to T.20000/- per annum and The salary of those studying in class XI and XII has been increased to T.15000/- per annum.
He said that the Nongjri market is usually held every Saturday where people from all over the country, especially from Shillong, visit the market. “The village has decided to close the school from tomorrow morning until 2nd July 2020,” said Bah Myghter Marwein Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Fifteen pigs have died in East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District since October due to the disease known as “. Classical Swine Fever”.
Between 2004-05 and 2013-14, the purchase of 14 varieties of agricultural products under the Kharif marketing season was 4,675.98 Lakh Metric Tonnes (LMT) while between 2014-15 and 2023-2 According to the 3rd Advance Estimates of Food Production for 2023-24, the total food production in the country is estimated at 3288.6 Lakh Metric Tonnes (LMT), In 2023-24, the dry season production of rice, sugarcane, oilseeds and nutri-cereals/Shree Anna and cotton is expected to reach 1143.7 LMT. , 68.6 LMT, 241.2 LMT, 130.3 LMT and 325.2 Lac bales.
This will bring about peace related to agriculture, improvement of soil, water supply assistance, water resources management, livestock farming, related to electricity generation, small scale industries and community forestry activities.
Bari said that since last year they have been demanding from the government to increase their salary to 18,000 rupees and on this demand they have already sent a letter to the government. Principal Secretary and State Director of SSA, and the government on this demand has refused to pay 9,900, but the 9,900 which the government has announced has not been released yet and their salary is still the same. 6,000 beats.
Answering a question by CS Sohtun, EM in charge of Labor Department, Teinwell Dkhar said that so far there are 8296 registered workers with KHADC.
On this occasion, the Minister of Power and Power also visited the dam and inspected the work to improve it. by M/S.Multi Tech Engineers.
On the part of Bah HS Shylla, former MLA of this constituency, he expressed his satisfaction to see that the students have done very well in their examinations where they have scored less than 75% in their studies. It is a sign that the people of this area are no longer less than others.
Investigation revealed that Naba Singh, who was involved in drug trafficking, had gone to Guwahati.
He said that he has prepared well and hopes to win the tournament. Hubert will take part in two parts of the handball tournament, one for all and one for all. one that is specific to those with disabilities.
Shillong, November 23: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui today informed that the state government has received the money from the central government regarding the salaries of SSA teachers. Rymbui said that the SSA teachers have been able to receive their salaries for five months after a day.
Guwahati, Lber 03: The General Secretary of the KMSS, Akhi Gogoi, has been arrested by the Assam Police and sent to police custody for four days by the High Court. the CJM court.
There are several reports that the deaths of these cheetahs are due to various reasons such as radio collars and others.
This struggle will be against the Executive Committee.
Circle Inspector (CI) Ri-Bhoi District said that alcohol is an enemy of the society and the youth of the country.
Whether it pays off will be something we’ll have to see.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi spoke in detail on the need for peace in the Garo Hills and said that it is necessary to fight against it to bring peace.
He said that the Chief Minister has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to convene this meeting to arrange for the government to open this block which has been closed for many years. entire year.
He said that besides the great achievement of repealing Article 370, Hek said it is a great achievement for the NDA government in resolving the issue of Ram Mandir. , the launch of the Jal Jivan Mission to provide water to the villages, to introduce the post of Chief of Defense Staff.
Dr Bhavna C Soso Medical Officer said how mothers play an important role in the society in looking after the household and participating in the public work.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The body of Shngianki Passah, who was stabbed to death at Chilliang Raij View Point, Jowai this morning.
At the same time, he congratulated all the journalists who have worked together for the smooth running of the election.
India not only leads the international community in pharmaceutical research but will also become a major production hub for pharmaceutical production across the globe.
Others who attended the ceremony were Titosstarwell Chyne MDC Sohra, Commissioner and Secretary Fredrik Roy Kharkongor, former MLA Hamletson Dohling and other dignitaries. face.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the North Eastern States of India border with other neighboring countries, but this meeting is the beginning of bringing the North Eastern States closer together. the North Eastern States of India and other parts of this great country.
Shillong, Guwahati and New Delhi have been directed to choose the examination centers in Shillong, Guwahati and New Delhi. Guwahati is the second place they have mentioned, but sadly Jorhat and Dibrugarh have been given.
The KSU is pleased that the House should discuss this issue and that the railway line should be blocked until the ILP Act is passed in the state. On the problem of the people living on the border, the KSU said, “The Khasi people from time to time are being attacked and killed in the areas. border with the Assam government and other groups.
According to a statement published on the website of the Meghalaya State Women Commission.
She said the Union Minister has inaugurated the Regional Cancer Center and other services at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
“To reach the goal there is no other way except through hard work and concentration whether it is in education or others,” said Bah Gavin who congratulated Gideon and Samla Bansiewdor and the students who came in the 1st Division in these two examinations.
“To promote agriculture in the region, to promote openness and encourage tourism, to introduce laws against corruption and to ensure transparency in the governance of the Khaddar,” he said. Batlight.
The Governor said that it is gratifying that the fight against COVID-19 in the state has been successful as Meghalaya has the lowest number of cases. The Governor of the State has received praise in this regard from the Central Government and also from the WHO. Thanks go to the villages, voluntary groups who have worked together to prevent the spread of this disease as all these groups have a major role to play in supporting the government.
Full implementation of schemes like Ayushman Bharat, JalJeevan Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana, ODF Plus status, demonstration of the use of drones in agriculture, health camps and others.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar Working President of the party, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare and both Ministers in the government. The meeting was conducted by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem Chairman of KHADC. John Kharshiing's supporters.
Jowai, July 10: Students of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and residents of Dawki village on Friday night arrested four Bangladeshis who had entered Dawki.
The church exists to serve the people.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Five cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from East Khasi Hills, one from South West Garo Hills and three from West Garo Hills.
We have explained to them to come to the office and we will do whatever is necessary,” he added.
This is the first time that a news source using YouTube has been penalized since the IT Rules, 2021 were announced in June last year.
During the visit, the HYC leaders also held a public meeting to encourage and console the people in the area who have been harassed from time to time by the Assam police.
Police arrested Bah Rynsong from a hideout near Umlawang village in East Jaintia Hills District.
The allegation that the NPP has nothing to do with the BJP is completely wrong.
There are 172 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 88 in West Garo Hills and 22 in West Garo Hills. 72886 people.
Speaking to reporters, Justin Phawa General Secretary, Justin Phawa, General Secretary, said that during the meeting, the Minister said that he will discuss the matter with the Chief Minister. federal law.
They have imposed a curfew in the hostel, they have restricted the freedom of movement by not bringing peace, they have restricted us and they have destroyed the refugee when she tried to seek her rights, However, nothing can stop the violence inside the campus as these measures are only to harass the students while the perpetrators are going around committing crimes,” he said. “We say, enough is enough, we don't need the protection of the students, we don't need your fake image showing that you care about the safety of women, we demand strong action against “We will not allow any attempt to protect them,” said the statement from NEHUSU. As part of the promotion of the talented youth of the state to the international level once again. The Don Bosco Media Network (DBMN) will hold a song contest known as The Voice. Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah OL Marbaniang, Member of the Shlem, said: The purpose of the reality show is to promote the talent of the singers to take them to the international level and for those who want to learn to sing through their training. Coaches and also the judges of this song competition.
The RozgarMela is a step towards the implementation of the Prime Minister's commitment to create job opportunities.
On the part of the people, they want peace and order and on the part of the army in collaboration with the police, they have been able to curb the presence of insurgents in the area.
Shillong, March 7: The education department of the state government has worked hard to provide land for the construction of Eklavya Model Residential Schools. .
The police's action is a violence because they have been accused and arrested without any basis.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U DP Parliamentary Party Leader Teinwell Dkhar today announced that the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been tabled by Bah Shylla in the House. Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, Teinwell said that at the PP meeting on the 20th of this month, they did not agree. The party has refused to move a motion of no confidence in the EC of Bah PN Syiem in the presence of all seven MDCs.
This will bring hope to many youths of this state.
“We don't have any objection to the company to set up a dewbilat factory in Lumshnong,” said PL Majaw.
Bah Ryntathiang said that besides the letter of Jaiaw Circle, there have been other issues within the party which they wanted to resolve but the leaders did not. They have no choice but to speak in the media to inform the leaders of the party.
The contractors who have been able to repair this road have started to fill the thiew with mawria and in places they have started to clean up and this has brought hope to the people to improve the traffic on this road. .
He admitted that the Damsite Bridge is old and outdated and poses a serious threat due to the strength of the water in the Umïam Dam. to extend the life and strength of the bridge for another 25 years and the maintenance will last for about four months.
“As we have been able to make Khasi the Associate Language in the State, we will take another step to get recognition under the Constitution of India.
John Sohtun, spokesman for the group, said.
Shillong, July 17: The Nohron Youth Sport and Social Welfare Organization (NYSSWO) has held its 40th Anniversary Celebration on the 13th of this month at Nohron village.
The Waheh Shnong said that one of the guards of the Saitsama Out Post escaped from the shooting but was shot by the Karbi.
Shillong, November 13: The Executive Committee of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to introduce several Bills in the Dorbar Blang for three days. that is, from the 20th to the 22nd of this month.
Supporting the Department of Tribal Affairs in information activities is one of the main objectives of these programmes.
On this occasion, KHNAM has confirmed the Shilliang Umdoh Primary Unit and the Umlaisnieh Primary Unit.
The HYC also urged the Minister of Education that after the opening of schools, colleges and universities, they should not charge immediately for tuition fees but should give time to pay the fees. school.
He said that CSAPC and Manbha Foundation will work together to help the youth who have become addicted to alcohol.
They said that despite all the difficulties they have submitted the tender again in the hope that they will be able to distribute food in the MP election 2024 , but the rejection of all those who submitted the tender from Ri Bhoi District and selected from Shillong, admitted that this is the first time that such a thing has happened.
“We demand that the government should release Readystone Nongrum, Johnny Sohkhlet of the KSU and Everson Syngkon of the HNYF and we give time to the government to release these members without any conditions. “It's Friday next month and this deadline starts from today,” said Bah Marwein.
The union demands that the DC and the PHE department should immediately revoke their permits to drill in Mawten, Jakrem and Photjaud Rangthong villages or anywhere within the boundary of the district. with another.
Shillong, Lber 17: Together with the entire country, the people of Shillong today celebrated Holi to welcome the Pyrem and this festival is that good will triumph over evil. .
He said that they used to get 35 kilos per card of rice and also umphniang sharak when they distributed ration but until now they have not received any rice.
However, the state is in the midst of a shortage of doctors and those who have passed do not return to the state.
He said the success of Aditya-L1 is related to the success of the Chandrayaan-3 mission.
Undoubtedly, this will help to develop the literature and education of the nation.
Jason Manner, the organizer of the festival, said that they have already sold 12,000 tickets per day and it is expected that they will sell 12,000 tickets per day. more than 60,000 people will come to the state.
The documentary film market has many stalls of various groups such as Maharashtra Film, Stage and Cultural Development Cooperation Ltd.
Sanbor said that apparently, the central government will not implement the Inner Line Permit in those states, but in the case of Meghalaya which does not have the ILP, it can be released. State under Article 244 of Paragraph 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, November 19: In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong Union, the leaders of the Central Puja Committee on the part of the government urged them to refrain from public meetings as the government has done what it has done. The people want to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
And to complete other trials before
At the same time, the Chief Minister has put a symbol of thought in front of the management of the Nursing College to provide training not only in education but also in the spirit of helping others. man this affects the lives of others.
It is on this basis that the union stands that if the government does not pay their salaries, they will not be able to work.
This policy will help to improve the quality of contractors.
On this occasion, prizes were awarded to the winners of the 150th Anniversary of the Father of the Nation drawing competition which was held online in 2020. Due to COVID-19, the competition could not be held. draw as it should be.
The four organizations have given time to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to clarify the matter tomorrow and if the government does not do anything they will meet again tomorrow to discuss the matter.
During this demonstration, he did not listen to the police but he showed the rest of the vehicles and these people had all the documents and he threatened the members of the party that you have no authority to arrest or arrest them. to Cali.
Police have questioned 42 people in connection with this case. Police will submit more evidence to the court once they have received more evidence. deal with this prostitution.
The victory came after they beat Oil India by 10 points.
“It is encouraging to know that through this programme, the CBIC has made a significant contribution to the development of the North East by providing EDI at the land customs stations in these remote areas. of the North East," Malhotra added.
The union urges the villagers and government officials to work together to prevent the influx of foreigners to work by knieh noh the food plates of the villagers.
Weson Electricals sale and Service, Mawlai stand Bus.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell (HYC) through Samla Enlang Sawian, Secretary Education Cell CEC, has expressed its strong opposition to the names and allocation of two students from other countries. Iftikhar Ali Mondal and Ummay Habiba Begum are Scheduled Caste.
Regarding the calculation of 100 percent cess, he said that this has to be paid by the contractor in the areas under the SMB, but those outside the SMB do not have to pay and if there are officers who shim money will be punished.
In the Shillong seat, Congress Sitting MP Vincent H. Pala will contest for re-election for the fourth time after serving as MP since
Shillong, June 29: Police today recovered a 7.72 Machine Gun used by GNLA leader Sohan D Shira from his possession, said the Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, Ringrang TG Momin. part of the Rings.
Speaking on the digital initiatives of the Supreme Court, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction with the availability of decisions in the digital system and the launch of the project to amend the decisions of the Supreme Court. Court into local languages.
The union also demanded that the state government through the Sports and Youth Affairs Department should find ways to meet the needs of the youth who are the future of the nation before many of the youth fall into crime. which will destroy their future and the future of the state as a whole.
Our Dorbar Shnongs have a great role to play in protecting not only the Shnong but the Jaidbynriew. Therefore, the issuance of Residential Certificates is also one of the parts of the protection of our Jaidbynriew, in which our Dorbar Shnongs should be very careful in issuing Residential Certificates, so that this does not affect our Jaidbynriew and our heritage.
The Government of Tyrso Village, which is in charge of the four villages, said that it has received information from the HPF about the death of the fish. mereng, birds of prey, and also birds of prey.
The date of qualifying of the teams will be on the 20th August 2016 at Madan Thlusung Nongjngi Khlieh Shnong at 4.00 pm.
She said that the Government has provided them with vehicles, food and water while they are on their way back to Shillong.
The appointment of Bah Peter as the Ksiang of the State Government and AK Mishra IPS as the Ksiang of the Central Government who is also the Head of Home Affairs of the Union Government was made by the Minister. Speaking to reporters, the state government has issued a statement saying.
In Garo Hills, due to heavy rains, many people have been forced to evacuate their homes.
At the same time, the party has requested the CM to open the Civil Sub-Division and Police Station as soon as possible.
In his speech, Bah Donpkupar War, one of the leaders of the party, said that the Prime Minister has done many great things and it is right to remember him.
On the other hand, the CEM said, “If the KHADC is wrong, it is not my fault, but the fault of all the MDCs. Council.
The Government wants to complete the Mawlai By-Pass road from Mawlai Mawiong to Mawlai Mawroh near NEHU as soon as possible. There is a lot of traffic jam in Shillong especially at Mawlai Petrol Pump.
In her speech, Ms Mery June Myrsing said that it is sad to see that people are not following the government's directives regarding social distancing to prevent the spread of COVID-1
This was stated by the General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement sent to the media.
A man allegedly involved in smuggling goods was shot dead by BSF troops of Meghalaya Frontier on Thursday night, while another Bangladeshi was seriously injured in the shooting. Asen M.Marak, 40 years old, has committed suicide by BSF while the people were trying to rescue him from the bullet. The place where the incident occurred, which is about 300 meters from the border, has not been marked.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the Legislative Office has sent a notice to all the members of the KHADC. It is not yet clear how many days the session will last as we have not received all the information from the members of the House and also from the Executive Committee.
They have already suggested to the government to pay a total salary of T.18000/- to all Adhoc teachers in the state from Lower Primary, Upper Primary, Secondary and Higher Secondary School and this proposal was accepted by all the teachers.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mission Unit led by its General Secretary Albert L. Mawlong together with its members arrested four foreign workers working within the border of Mairang Mission village. Hills District.
Besides, the synjuk has also prepared to award special prizes to the elderly participants (60 years and above) who complete the race.
Amit Shah said that in the past three years, the government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has signed many social agreements to end violence and bring peace and stability. which is in the provinces of the east.
The delay in the completion of this bridge has put the passengers in trouble as this is the bridge where commercial vehicles pass from Motphran to Mawlai through the Khasi Seng.
The Prime Minister's statement was on the understanding of the GNLA against the Congress if the government does not make public the names of the ksiang who have been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs. Therefore, the Congress party will not be allowed to campaign in Garo Hills.
This reflects the increasing international confidence in India’s economic activities at a time when global economic growth forecasts for 2023 remain stuck at 3%.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has been able to maintain the lowest price of diesel and petrol in the country as of now.
The NPP leader in a statement today said that Meghalaya has already clarified its employment policy, 40% for Khasi-Jaintia and 40% for Garo, % to others and 5% to those who are lagging behind.
He said that before he resigned, many parties called him like the Congress party, but before he accepted the decision, he thought carefully. The BJP is in power in India and the states are involved in all development projects.
According to the videos recorded by the HITO members and sent to Batesi TV, they seized small knives, screw drivers, khaiñshi, 11 small empty tyndongs. four rounds of suspected drug powder, 7 injection needles and Ganja.
The 7 Khar Banglas have been handed over to the Lumshnong Police Station for further investigation.
Meghalaya to celebrate its 50th Anniversary on 21st July 2022, the preparations of the state to celebrate the golden jubilee are in progress. it is related to the acquisition of the state.
This traditional food festival, which is an exhibition of cooking skills, seeds and culture, will not only bring back pride among the farmers and consumers, but will also give an opportunity to the residents. village of Lyngam area to showcase the richness of Mei-Mariang through food and drink, dances and music.
Jowai, July 25: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JSU) has decided to hold a three-night road blockade from the 26th, 27th and 28th of this month. , the demands of Jesus are well-founded and necessary for the needs of the people.
“Hindi is the national language, if you don't accept Hindi how can you accept English,” the BJP leader asked the VPP. and besides, you can speak your own language," he said.
A special meeting was held on this occasion and was conducted and welcomed by the President of the unit Samla Kindly Khyriem. May the organization continue to do more good deeds in the village.
Salary increase for 4th Teachers, the results of Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
The Khasi Author Society, which has led the campaign for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, on Saturday held a protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi. .
We have also harnessed the power of technology in this area.
He said that according to this Act, any person who has a bad reputation as a drug trafficker or a person who has been involved in drug trafficking, whether small or large, will be prosecuted under this Act. and shall be liable to imprisonment for a term of 3 months which may be extended to 10 years.
Union Minister of State for Child Development Dr Jitendra Singh will be the chief guest at the two-day meeting. for the year 2016-2
He also said that India has invested in infrastructure.
We must ensure that the people of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh have their rights.
The BSF raided the house in the middle of the night.
When Meghalaya became a full state on 21st July 1972, the former Chief Minister of the state lived in this house but due to the events that happened in his house he had to move.
Nongmynsong Police Station has tried to search for the family members of the child but have not been found yet.
The tournament will start in six months but Nantu Das sent it on Sunday as it was a holiday,” he said. to stretch out your hands.
: it means to work or to work or to work – khih is to go from one place to another and work is to work or hire to earn a wage according to one's work.
In his speech, Bah KL Nongbri, SDO of Civil Sub Division, expressed his gratitude to the government for giving the approval to start this office. The Deputy Commissioner has worked hard to achieve this goal.
Shillong, Nailar 04: Despite the difficulties faced by the farmers due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has not sympathized with them, but The police have collected T.10 per shikriah or plastic bag from the farmers who came to sell jhur at Anjalee Parking Lot and the work has been handed over to the contractor who has taken over the land.
A vehicle suspected to have been used in the robbery was also recovered and a bottle of water and half a bottle of kyiad were also seized from the scene.
Now that they have won only two seats, the NPP has removed both of them as ministers.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that this meeting was a success as the Union Minister promised to look after the needs of the North Eastern Region. India and Meghalaya in terms of health.
In the past few days, the government has reopened the internet but only three days after the reopening of the internet, the government has banned it again on the grounds that it can cause trouble in the society. only.
“We met with a child who was fighting from both sides and (we found) that it was just a misunderstanding between the two sides.
*KSU warns that no activities related to the present and former KSU or the present and former leaders of the KSU shall be carried out without the permission of the CEC of the KSU. This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Donal V Thabah.
In Karnataka, one person has been discharged from hospital and another has recovered and is under observation at District Hospital, Chitradurga.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders admitted that the army has started to inspect the land of the people. the idea behind these Soldiers.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian National Congress will not have any links with the armed groups.
Shillong, July 17: Shillong Police have arrested 261 vehicles without a license during a special search operation. riding a bike without a license and 19 were minors.
You have to go to CS Junction/Pinewood Junction/B.K.Bajoria Junction.
JD(U) leaders said the party will remain loyal to the NDA and will also attend the NDA meeting to be held in Delhi on the 5th of this month.
When they arrived at Mawsynram, the police of the police station seized the vehicle number ML 05 R 7300 belonging to the woman. 0′′ is the even number in fact. According to the order of the Government of Meghalaya, the Political Department has said that on Wednesday, the vehicles that should travel are even numbers. 8,.
It is against you if you preach peace and bloodless struggle, justice and democracy.
Other sources said that the protest by the employees of KHADC is to inform the CEM of KHADC. Speaking to SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the demand of the workers is a legitimate demand, because they are asking for an Arear and a DA which they have not seen which is their right. .
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Garkhaland protest in Darjeeling by the Garkha community has revived. In Shillong, the Gorkhas living in Meghalaya today held a march in support of the demand for Gorkhaland. .
The 400 recruits were trained at the State Convention Centre, where Shivansh Awasthi IAS and officers from the Sports Department of Meghalaya attended the training.
School, Brass Band Border Wing Home Guards and Pipe Band Assam Regiment Centre.
A complaint has been registered at Mawryngkneng Police Station.
Esterwis Ryngkhlem has revealed through the media that Ex-CEM MB Rymbai has offered 6 lakh tyngka through him to replace the President of JYF, but the President has refused. According to reports today, it was through Ryngkhlem that all these things happened, that he was the one who asked for money from MB Rymbai and that he had agreed to the price because They are very close and related, and this proves that they have already planned and found a way to accuse the President of JYF of wrongdoing so that he will lose his dignity.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The collapse of a mobile tower near the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Polo on Monday collapsed and fell on the other side of the Wahumkhrah River.
It was also written that the coal mining industry should be resolved to avoid these tragic incidents.
He shared with the students about his sorrow when he became a slave to drugs.
HJ Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon confirmed the full office bearers of MCSWOS by Bah HJ Skhemlon, Sirdar Hima Mawdon. The meeting was conducted by Bah Arjune Katrai, Chairman of MCWOS. The meeting was enriched by a song by the youth of Pyndensohsaw, Meghalaya. Daphisha Kharbani, All Meghalaya Dancers' Association (AMDA) and Bah Banker Kharkongor.
The Dorbar Shnong Mynsngat has complained that the complaint to appoint the Waheh Shnong for only 1 year is a political matter of someone because they are afraid of the year 2018 and 19 even if the village does not have one. There is no such thing as a separation of politics from the village.
Baiahunlang Khyriem and Wanbhabok Myrthong led the police to Umran Dairy where they were able to rescue the three-month-old child from the kidnapper.
The meeting was attended by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President PK Pangniang, leading leaders of the two parties, MDCs and MLAs of the two parties. Speaking on the occasion, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President KP Pangniang and Martle Mukhim MDC, one of the longtime leaders of the RDA. The international community has extended its best wishes to Robert June Kharjarin for his victory.
I4C provides technical advice and support to the police forces in the States and UTs to detect and monitor such incidents.
The HYC is pleased to say that teachers are the builders of the country and they are the people who shape the nation, the state and the country as a whole.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Joborstarsing Sohtun and the residents of Thiedieng village under the Hima Sohra said that they have no knowledge that NEEPCO will take over the farmland. and they shall have their inheritance until they have come to divide the land.
It has also helped to establish more than 50 Self Help Groups.
Participants can send their videos to 8131803454/7
I heard the coming of cars, I heard the walking of people in the yard and outside they stood.
Speaking on the many traffic accidents that happen from day to day, Bah Metbah urged the residents to be careful while driving, to provide their documents and to follow the rules. all the laws and regulations to avoid any accidents or incidents.
New Delhi, Lber 29: The Union Government today directed all the State Governments to implement the curfew in all the States.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Chairman of the GHADC, B Marak today accepted the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee of Denang T Sangma. Sangma MDC of the Congress is from the opposition.
As usual every year, they will hold a meeting of all religions in Shillong on 28th November 2022 as a meeting before the puja starts on 2nd March
Emphasizing on this, Bah Warjri said, “We will spend to ensure that the players are safe in terms of travel and accommodation.
Before doing this, it should have held consultations with the people of this country before amending this Act.
Prateek Thapa, 19, has won third place at the I Am Model Search International Modeling competition held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on July 13,
The State COVID-19 Cell will be located in the Districts, four entry points, Corona Centers and Isolation Centres.
Secretary UDP Women's Wing State, Bah Biolkingstar Tmung Auditor UDP Ri Bhoi District, Bah Watson Kharkrang President UDP YW Umsning Circle, Bah Jeffrey Khymdeit Jt.
The trucks were parked on the PWD road and those who were thrown stones were the last in the line of more than 100 vehicles.
Shillong, Naitung 02: A team of inquiry appointed by the Ministry of Housing has launched an investigation into the allegation that the Ministry of Housing distributed low-cost houses to the people through the Community and Rural Development Block (C&RD). ) of the State.
However, in a letter sent to the union on 04/06/18, the Management has clarified that these benefits will be available to the casual workers if they sign the contract agreement.
It is to be recalled that this case is based on an allegation that there was a wrongful dispute in the purchase of land in which the government wanted the village and Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai to return the money. it belongs to the government.
Shillong, Lber 22: The 12-day joint cycling between the Indian and Bangladesh Armies was inaugurated by Lt Gen AS Bedi, YSM, VSM, GOC Gajraj Corps from Agartala today.
On the other hand, the army has also extended its helping hand to the children in Kohima by providing food items.
C Pyngrope General Secretary of the party said that it is regrettable that there is such an allegation against the office bearers of the party. still on this charge.
Replying to a question by George B Lyngdoh on the border issue, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that in the first phase, the government has taken good action by meeting with the affected people. on the border until they sign a soskular of understanding.
He said that the North East of the country has many opportunities to work hard and become self-sufficient.
The companies that have been defunded are now performing better and providing more income to those running the businesses, she said.
“The moment of the moon landing is one of the most inspiring moments of the present century.
Atul J. Nikam, State Director NYKS, Meghalaya, Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary Ramkrishna Mission, Shillong and Swami Divyaswarupananda, Center Incharge, Ram Krishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre, Shillong will attend the programme.
In a complaint lodged at Lumdiengjri Police Station, Bah Sumer said, “Respectfully, it is hereby informed that Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit is involved in theft, fraud, forgery and misappropriation of money while he was He was the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and raised public funds for the purchase of land for the council.
If anyone has found or met him, please inform the nearest Police Station.
“said one of the Rangbah residents of Shilliang Mynsar.
Speaking to media, the President of TGAM, Bah Ialamphang Lyngdoh said that this notice to the Council is due to the increasing number of Tour Operators from abroad to operate in the country. The Council has decided not to consult with the Tour Operators of the country who earn money from this activity.
It cannot provide for these alone, but now it turns its eyes and reaches out to other citizens of other countries.
He also clarified that the allegation in the media that the HSPDP did not expel the party during the tenure of Ma ieit Hoping is wrong. Fenela L Nonglait, while during the tenure of Ardent Basaiawmoit as president, there was no suspension of the party.
Where will they go and they have set up their own Welfare Society to protect their own residents,” he said. but they are citizens of Meghalaya.
You can do this by providing your full name and address.
He said that as an MLA, there are villages that come to ask for development assistance but it is too late even though the Dorbar Shnongs cannot build the lives of the youth in many of them. Young people are addicted to drugs.
Those are the same leaders who throw money at the Bollywood factories in Mumbai to violate the rights of the talented youth of the state.
It has been observed that corruption in the management and implementation of government schemes has caused the poor and rich to be insulted because they do not dare to speak or express to the village leaders or elders. related to the MLA of Umroi Constituency.
If the MHRD clarifies that it is from the central government department that the salary of SSA teachers who have been specially trained and those who have not been specially trained differs, they will accept it and if they get a reply The MHRD has decided to file a PIL in court.
A complaint has been registered at Umiam Police Station under UD Case No.14/2024 dated 26.05.2024 and the investigation is ongoing.
In his speech, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, stressed that there is a need to explain and make aware to the people and the youth are the determiners of the future of the country. but they should cast their vote too.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit announced the same decision to the public after receiving the outcome of the meeting of the Committee of Political Parties to discuss the Reservation Roster and Reservation Policy.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that the Dorbar has prepared various meetings in preparation for the Dorbar Ri. The meeting will be held at 10 am on the 15th January 2013 at the Market Complex Mawngap;  and the Hima of Sohra, Shella, Sohbar, Mawlong, Satsohpen, Laitkyngkot, and others shall meet at 11 am on the 19th January, 2013 at the office of the Syiem of Sohra;  All the Sordars and Rangbah of the Hima Nongkhlaw will meet at 10 am on the 21st January 2013, at Mairang, Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw;  The meeting will be held at 11 am on 22nd January 2013 at the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoin, Khadphra (18) Dolloi District and others. Sirdar sha Ri Lum Jaintia Hills will meet at 11 pm on the 25th January 2013 at Hall Trep Pale Locality, Jowai. The Dorbar Ri at Mairang on 13th February 2013 at 10 am.
Girl's Sub Junior –
On this occasion, the schemes were also distributed to 52 beneficiaries.
The exercise began on 23rd March between Indian troops from the Rajput Regiment and the 5th Royal Battalion of the Malaysian Army.
At the same time, COKHSO also spoke on the influx of foreigners to fight against this issue and their influx is like setting fire to the people of the state.
Ri Bhoi Police have arrested Bah Lyngdoh from Umsning and taken him to Nongpoh for further investigation. There are 15 places in Ri Bhoi.
The students who received their degrees on this occasion include Bachelor of Accessory Design, Bachelor of Fashion Design and Masters in Fashion Management.
The Leader of the Opposition Conrad K Sangma demanded in the House that the government should include the Opposition and other political parties in the Committee.
In his speech, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, said that it is a pleasure to see that the statue of Dr Donkupar Roy Shnong bam kwai at the door of God has been unveiled today inside the house. dorbar and suggested to put the pictures of the villagers and the village symbols in the new dorbar hall.
There are 73 recoveries, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills 70, bringing the total number of recoveries to 93092 in the state so far.
In search of such surprising and different news, a journalist has met a young woman here in Shillong who earns a living and supports her family by working in one of the a kind of work that is more difficult to see women doing.
The Nomadic Elephant Exercise is an annual training course conducted by India and Mongolia.
During the visit, the Seng found that the oxygen supply is sufficient, otherwise all the necessities are still in short supply and it will be difficult if the disease increases suddenly at any time.
With this resignation, Bah Pynshngianlang said that he will join the People Democratic Front (PDF) at a public meeting scheduled to be held at Polo on the 19th of this month.
The Forum urged the Chief Secretary to take immediate action on this issue and to send back Block-I to Meghalaya.
Referring to Nongmluh, the SDO said that even the paid transformer has not been taken to the village.
They have been ordered not to sell and gather in public places during this time when the government is fighting as much as possible to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the state. .
There are Nurses, Lab Technicians and Assistants in this hospital and this hospital will be in accordance with the modern era where they will treat in the traditional way of treatment and using scientific equipment. now.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that in the last four days of opening of liquor shops, the state government has collected revenue of T.6 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 16: A mother from Tura who was admitted to MIMHANS Shillong has died on 10/09/2019 at MIMHANS Shillong.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the state government depends on the central government for 84% to 86% of its revenue from the central government and the revenue from the state is only between 14% to 16%. The annual turnover of the state is Rs 4 billion which means that the revenue collection should be between 30% and 35%.
The Indian Electricity Act 1910 and the The Electricity (Supply) Act 1948, (now called The Electricity Act 2003), The Securitisation and Re-construction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest  Act ,2002, The Atomic 162, The Atomic Energy Act, National Highway Act 1956, SEZ Act 2005, The Railway Act 1989, The Registration of Births and Deaths Act 1969 (KHAD) Bill, Income Tax Act
Shillong, March 23: The Finance Department of the Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday issued an order to increase the travel expenses of officers and temporary appointees to work with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. They will be paid from the Chief Minister's Secretariat.
This center is to implement various skill development programs such as Assistant Computer Operator, Beautician, Tailoring and other Skill Development Programs.
Shillong, November 23: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala today announced that the party will nominate candidates from all 60 constituencies for the MLA elections 2023. the names of the candidates from 46 constituencies.
The Deputy Commissioners of various districts have started to remove the posters which are on the streets, which are displayed in the shops of the people and which are posted on the walls of various villages and villages.
The shortcomings of this market are the lack of construction of the road which is about 1km from Hat Mawdon to reach this market, the lack of parking space, the lack of These are the shortcomings which the government is prepared to meet.
Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board Abdus Saleh, Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Commissioner & Secretary Sports Department Dr Vijay Kumar D, Director General of Meghalaya Police Dr Lajja Ram were also present. Bishnoi and Secretary General of the North East Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing.
The Minister also met with community groups such as COCOMI, AMUCO, AMOCOC, MMW, STDCM, FOCS, Forum for Restoration of Peace and student groups.
Shillong, November 17: The BJP Meghalaya today held a bike march to discuss the development works of the government. Modi's visit to Meghalaya.
The aim is to welcome, encourage and honor the production of programs on OTT platforms. 32 programs in 10 languages ​​from 15 OTT platforms have been received. The winners will be announced at the closing ceremony.
The Chief Minister has congratulated the MLA of this area for following up on this issue with the government and after discussion, the government has decided to give permits to those who live in government areas in Williamnagar and Similarly, in Tura, they will now receive the benefits of the government.
He said that the meat harvested in Mawiong is different from others harvested at home by people in terms of cleanliness, because all the meat harvested at the farm has been equipped with electricity to avoid garbage.
On the part of the Chairman of the Finance Commission, Professor D Sahoo explained the work of the largest modern flower farm in India. of this place as it is.
The Secretary Posts, Director (IB), Registrar General of India and other officials were present on the occasion.
The President of Shillong Press Club said that the services of the company have increased significantly in recent years.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Many of the Himas and Villages across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills have their own dance forms in their respective Himas or Raids.
The unity and right of the country to self-determination is important to us and no one can stop us from protecting it.
Starting on 1st November, 2023, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) has launched a campaign to review the targets to be achieved under the scheme.
The Leader of the Opposition said that the most important thing is to have peace for the development of the country. you are supported.
The Minister said that at present the cost of paying the salaries of teachers is T.527 crore and if we take the SSA teachers, we will have to count another T.250 crore. The reason is that the government has to look into it carefully to ensure that there is no unity and not everyone can be satisfied.
The death toll has risen to 16, of which 9 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in West Garo Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills and 5 in West Jaintia Hills. The death toll has risen to
A case has been registered at Jowai Police Station under Jowai PS Case No. 98(5)15 U/S 4 POCSO Act
He said that in the coming years it will be upgraded to a high school and now the enrollment of students has been increased.
In the first batch, 1.3 tonnes of Sohtrun was sent to the Middle East by Silchang Dimrimbri Palwa Adling IVCS from East Garo Hills District.
The murder of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on the charge of contesting is believed to be a conflict between some Ministers of the MDA Government, the HNLC said. The HNLC has criticized the Central and State Governments for misleading the youth by giving them benefits and vehicles. to torture, kill, imprison national leaders and innocent civilians by giving them money, promotions, ribbons, medals, and other awards.
The epicenter of the earthquake was on the border between India and Myanmar.
The deadline for filing nomination papers will be tomorrow morning and the hearing of the nomination papers will be held on the 7th of this month. on or before the 9th of this month.
The Seng Samla Seng Khasi Seng Kmie would like to inform the public through this statement to the Seng Samla Seng Khasi Branches of all parts of the country and the Jaidbynriew to attend this meeting as prepared for the purpose of to bring about a broader and more accurate working environment in the midst of the rapid passage of time and also for many issues which are the main causes of the country and the Khasi people in relation to their own religion and customs. as bestowed through the Rituals.
The people of the area depend on the agriculture to get food, send their children to school and when there are problems of illness they rely on the products of the agriculture to provide for their households and other needs. The villagers live on the cultivation of kwai, tympew, Soh Mrit, Synsar, Sohniamtra and others, but if the road is bad as it is now, it will destroy their hope to improve their farming. Young people who have graduated from Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram and other places.
Patel said success has three components – knowledge, connectivity and communication and that businesses related to plant-based manufacturing also depend on these components.
Everyone, especially young people, is advised to refrain from taking pictures and sending them to other people or posting them on FB without the permission of the person, if done without permission. it is against the law.
Shillong, June 21: Police have arrested four persons involved in the robbery of four houses in Wahswad village today. This happened recently last month and the robbery of these people happened on the 15th.
Shillong, July 21: The HITO has written to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to request him to take action against the smuggling of market items from Musiang Market.
The UFBU strongly opposes the government's plan to allow the private sector to own up to 74% in the state-owned Life Insurance Corporation. , said Saradindu Das, President of UFBU, Meghalaya Unit.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma, the Speaker of the Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly and the Chairman of the CPA India Region, Zone III, Pasang D. Sonaki were also present on the occasion. .
According to the complaint of the family members, even after they left the clinic, on the 6th of this month at 11 pm, the owner of the clinic, Ashish, sent them away. They are from the PG which is located in Shlimar Bagh.
bad education.
Speaking at the meeting, Malhotra said, “Prime Minister Narendra Modi's goal of making India a developed country by 2047 includes bringing in resources to up-to-date digital activities.
Shillong, March 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Environment and Cultural Cell has sent a letter to the Minister of State for Forest and Environment. Meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong I. Laloo (IAS) after the government has reopened all churches and religious services.
The office has conducted the House according to the rules of the House without going beyond them.
Medicine, NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
His achievements and determination have guided Yano.
The meeting also discussed the implementation of the Smart Metter scheme by the Central Government. They opposed the implementation of this scheme because the land tenure system in the state is different from other states. state of India.
However, as of now, these two kits and governments in charge of agriculture have not been able to do anything to prevent or provide thorough training to the farmers on how to prevent this. the insects of the niamtra trees.
Guwahati, Naiwieng 23: Under the support of the State Support Mission of the NITI Aayog, the Women Entrepreneurship Platform (WEP) is preparing to hold its second workshop in collaboration with the Government of Arunachal Pradesh.
Captain M Sheokhand and Lieutenant Commander Deepak Yadav escaped injuries.
So far, 21 people in possession of government licensed firearms have gone to the police station to deposit them. Police have seized 21 drugs during the mid-term elections. You can earn T.30,000/-.
Shillong, November 01: The village of Mawiong Jadap, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, has not received any assistance for three years after being hit by the natural disaster on 9th June
Jowai, June 21: Ka Iooksi Village, West Jaintia Hills District today elected new Village Leaders by voting, which was also confirmed on the same day.
Shillong, March 25: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, has tested positive for COVID-19 after returning from Delhi.
Regarding the cleanliness, the Minister said that the area is still dirty, there is still a need to educate the people to be clean because cleanliness brings health and beauty. of the place.
“The union demands that the Government should create the mechanisms to implement the demands of the ASHAs to get adequate pay according to their work, to include them in the MHIS for treatment. HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said in a statement.
He said that if the government fails today, who will take the decision to accept the decision to implement the ILP in the state? They have rejected the Congress party's proposal.
The blood donation was organized by the NSS Branch of the College in collaboration with the Nazareth Hospital Blood Bank, the NSS Cell of the North Eastern Hill University, the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) and the State Blood Transfusion Council.
“For my part, it is only peace talks that can bring back peace in Garo Hills. In my personal opinion, the central government should call for talks with all the rebel groups in Garo Hills. Another group to bring peace said.
In this meeting, the KSU said that the works that are not urgent at present, such as the construction of roads in the village and area, should be suspended, but in terms of the works that are urgent, The government should have looked after its own people, such as in telecommunications and electricity, there have been people who have been able to do the job. possessed a special skill.
This will come into effect from 17th June
After that he left the NPP and joined the UDP on 25th November 2022. After a few months he left the UDP on 23rd November 2022 and now he has joined the UDP. Speaking on the occasion, Bah CB Syiem said that the reason why he left the UDP and joined the BJP is because he saw the need. to join the ruling party at the top of India or at the Central to provide better services to the people of the Constituency and the State as a whole.
Answering a question, Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah PN Syeim said that the Coordination Committee will include four representatives of the four Himas, the Chairman of the Boundary Committee, the Leader of the Opposition. The EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War, will oppose and lead the meeting.
It is learned that many of the poor families cannot afford to send their children to school abroad. The village fee to run this school for the benefit of the villagers.
With the introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology, there will now be QR codes attached to the clothes to verify that these clothes are produced in the State and Eri Silk.
The total number of cases in the state is 1686, from East Khasi Hills 1124, West Khasi Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 130, West Jaintia Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 145, West Garo Hills Garo Hills 8, South Garo Hills 20, East Garo Hills 17, North Garo Hills 12.
Shillong, Jan 02: The CSWO has praised the Advocate of the Gigh Court, Bah VG Kynta for his statement regarding the extension of the term of office of Bah WMS Pariat as Chief Secretary. .
After the implementation of GST, we believe that the Police will not interfere with our work because we have provided proper documents but we are forced to pay the money even though many of the trucks have the necessary documents to travel on the roads.
In view of these objectives, the Academy invites all clubs who wish to participate in this tournament of the Women Football League.
Surprisingly, this assistance has been given by the group and not by the generosity of the people.
Therefore, the union as a step to bring peace in the area, urges the residents of the area to immediately search for these people and inform the union about the whereabouts of these people. the riewsniew whose names are not mentioned above.
Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies is the world's leading blood transfusion company and the donation of some social media celebrities to use their platform to get Encourage young people to follow the example of voluntary blood donation camps.
The Meghalaya Goods and Services Tax Bill, 2022 will also be introduced in the House in the Synrai Session. , if the Meghalaya Professions, Trades, Callings and Employments Taxation Amendment Bill 2022.
To relieve the congestion in Shillong, the government has started relocating government offices to New Shillong Township, schools, sports facilities. and this government needs the support of the central government.
When the SP News Agency received information that these two wells which have never been flowing before but this year have been flowing without water since the middle of June, they went to the area. and it was found that these two wells of water were dried up, and there was no water in them.
The party expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of one of the greatest supporters of the party.
Police said that no casualties were reported in the blaze.
Regarding the flow of garbage into the Umiam Pond, he said that it has affected the pond and now it is necessary to remove the garbage from the pond.
During these nine days, the people of the state have been able to witness the tournament which has been held in the city since it hosted the South Asian Games in
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Social Welfare Kyrmen Shylla and Ranikor MLA Pious Marwein.
Since 1988, the party has opposed the Government's attempt to destroy the jaidbynriew and will continue to oppose it until the Government thinks again to introduce strong laws to protect us,” said the statement. It is to be recalled that the Government had tried to implement this project from Tetelia to Byrnihat but the party has thwarted this project by strongly opposing and suspending this project in 2016,” he said.
In the speech of the IG BSF u.
New Delhi, Jan 01: GST gross revenue collection in June, 2022 has reached T 1,67,540 crore of which CGST is T 33,159 crore, SGST is T 41,793 crore and TIGST is T 1,67,540 crore. 81,939 crore (including T 36,705 crore collected for imports) and the cess is T 10,649 crore (including T 857 crore collected for exports). to goods into the country).
The body of the farmer was found on the morning of 30th June, 2024 at a farm in Khlieh Ladaw.
India is on track to become a $5 trillion economy.
Shillong, July 23: Shillong Police have informed that Wanbhalang Mylliempdah, 29, has gone missing since 12.01.2020 from Siejiong village.
“Besides, Ms Deoris has admitted that the foreigners who live in these shops are only employees,” said Bah Latiplang. “We have not discriminated against anyone and we have allowed everyone to respond to the 30 days Show Cause Notice and the 40 days Closure Notice. I'm from KHADC,” he said.
Areas in rural areas are better suited for walking than those in urban areas.
The Executive Committee has also decided that the leading office bearers of the Union should not campaign in the upcoming MP elections as the Union is a non-political body.
According to sources, the incident was discovered today after the child was taken to the Government Hospital in Smit. you're armed.
T.66 lakh from the Discretionary Grant (DG) scheme and T.52,50,000/- From this scheme, T.43.50 lakh was withdrawn in the name of Coming Pyrtuh.
There are 9 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 26 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 275 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in North Garo Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases in South West Garo Hills. 4, West Garo Hills 57, West Jaintia Hills 20 and West Khasi Hills
There is a group that opposes and a group that supports.
There will be many illegal activities to enrich foreigners,” he said.
Other speakers at the public hearing were JSU President Lawyerson War, WKSU President D Sun, CORP President B Ryntathiang and CORP President D Marwein. WYF General Secretary Hamar Lyngkhoh, HANM President Sambormi Lyngdoh, EJNU President Samla Treibor R Suchen, HYC Chairman Nikman Marak.
Reniktone expressed his satisfaction with the Prime Minister's promise that in the next few months, funds will be allocated for the construction of this road. bring benefits to the three constituencies.
The polling will be held on 20th June in eight states and union territories.
More than T 50 crore was found to be hidden earnings.
Regarding the employees who are in various workplaces in Garo Hills, such employees should be given special leave on this day and they should go to pay their salaries. They shall be entitled to receive on this day what they shall receive on this holiday announced under the N.I Act
The establishment of the State Human Rights Commission has been a long standing demand since 1996 when the MPHRC was established in the state when Salseng Marak was the Chief Minister. At that time, Marak wanted to have a single Human Rights Commission for the North East.
Speaking at a rally at Polo Ground, Ardent congratulated all the people who supported the party in winning four seats.
During the election campaign, these leaders said that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, NPP leader, will last for five years. “The government will fail after the mid-term elections in Ampati,” said Renikton L Tongkhar.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, President and Minister of Sports, congratulated John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, Shri Chiranjib Choudhury, General Secretary, and all the office bearers of MSOA, for taking the initiative to hold the event. He said that the cooperation of all the associations is needed.
New Delhi, November 15: The Union Cabinet under the leadership of the Prime Minister has decided to suspend the existing Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) scheme for the North Eastern States. The project will be implemented by 2020 at a cost of T.5300.00 crore.
At this meeting, the Congress party said that Bishop Rev Dominic Jala is a man who works for the poor and who holds a non-religious position.
New Delhi, March 28: The Ministry of Finance today released T.44,000 crore to the States and UTs which have laws under the budget. back-to-back loans in lieu of GST refunds.After looking at the recent release of Rs 1,15,000 crore (Rs 75,000 crore released on May 15, 2021 and of T 40,000 crore released on March 7, 2021), the total amount released in the current financial year as back-to-back loan in lieu of GST refund has to T 1,59,000 crore.
On the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP, Shylla said there was no consensus within the party and the decision was taken only by President Marwei and Bah T. Chyne. Bindo, Dr Jemono and Bah Paul had no information even though they were present on the day of the announcement of the agreement between the two parties.
They also expressed their concern and concern over the increasing number of people giving birth to unborn children and the increasing number of lung cancer cases in Punjab.
The meeting will be held in two parts. The first part will be for registration at 10.30 pm and the meeting will be at 11.00 pm. Shillong, March 02: To mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation, a cleanliness drive was held today. villages in different parts of Shillong and in the same area as part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Our argument (in the dorbar) is that language is the stronghold of a nation.
This certificate is in recognition of their work in providing services to the public.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, R Chandranathan today visited Rinaldi Fullmoon Maner at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in Delhi.
The Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills District, said that four shops were completely destroyed in the fire, but many shops were also destroyed. due to catching fire.
The upgradation of the Out Post to a Police Station will help and convenience the people.
Based on the rapid spread of the disease across India including the North Eastern States and observing the lack of health facilities from equipment, availability of health facilities and The KSU believes that you will agree that our area will not be able to fight against this disease if there is a rapid increase in the number of patients in the future. freedom of expression.
The boy, who had traveled to North Korea with a group of tourists, was arrested at Pyongyang airport for trying to steal a billboard from his hotel room.
Shillong, March 24: Leaders of various church groups in Meghalaya under the umbrella of the Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) have urged the government to postpone the closing date of the Cherry Blossom Festival. end on the day of God.
Kimfa Marbaniang MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam said that they are now looking for ways and means to provide assistance to the families of the victims.
On the other hand, he said that there was no wrongdoing as everything was done through the authorities to ensure that the selection of AD and UB players in the team was not cheated. the new police.
Shillong, Nailur 10: U Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today said that they strongly oppose the proposal to sell 8313 acres of land in Ri Bhoi District.
The Meghalaya House in Bangalore will help the Khasi in Bangalore if their families need to come and meet them.
Nicholas Thongni has been elected as the new Rangbah Shnong, while John Fisher Shangpliang has been elected as the Secretary.
Shillong, July 03: The tragic incidents in the past few days have caused many problems and suffering to all, especially to the day laborers, school children, the sick and the closure of the market has affected many eh to the short-term income of the farmers as well as to the poor.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Three trucks of Assam Police today came to Iongkhublie village to demolish the electricity posts planted by MeECL in the village.
Regarding the transfer of DCs and SPs and heads of government departments especially in the Mineral Resources Department and the appointment of the CMD of MeECL, this shows that bat this work you are a really wonderful man.
Maligaon, Jymmang 28: The Railway Protection Force (RAPF) has arrested several robbers who used to rob passengers by train.
The Chief Minister said that the MDA government when it came to power in 2018 has promised to fight against many of the problems faced by the state. We have started to see the development works that this government has done.
After this, the BSF arrested the three persons and seized the trees and three knives from the hands of the Bangladeshi authorities and handed them over to the police for further investigation.
On the other hand, the police have been vigilant to prevent foreigners from entering the state.
“Within the next 10 days, the West Khasi Hills Committee will hold meetings with the Dorbar Shnongs, land owners and district authorities to meet the requirements before meeting with the Assam government to discuss the boundary settlement. "said Paul.
Shillong, Lber 04: KSU South Central East Circle Pynursla today lodged a petition with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne and the Leader of the Opposition. the emergence of two forces in the villages.
Shillong, July 14: U Bah AH Darnei, MDC of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today was elected as the new Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) without any objection.
Shillong, November 26: Three people have died of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, bringing the total number of deaths to
Nine cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, one in Ri Bhoi, six in West Garo Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills. 7 cases, 2 cases in East Khasi Hills and 5 cases in West Garo Hills.
Sohiong MDC Sherbor Mawlong told SP News Agency that so far there has been no discussion and no written statement. The MLA and the people, but at present there has been no discussion on this issue.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MLPU) and four Tourist Taxi Operators have accepted the new fare announced by the Meghalaya government.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The farmers between Ryngku on the Khasimara and Dholai rivers have suffered a lot due to the lack of a footbridge or sub-way during the construction of the bridge. The farmers of Mawsyrnam Block are in dire straits.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that a man from Upper Mawprem identified as RiShikeshi Subba 74 years old has died at NEIGHRIHMS. 9/2020 and died today from COVID-19 and other illnesses.
: the mut– maiñ is the snap of the snap itself; longrynñieng is the nature of man.
The Government shall do this in accordance with the provisions of Section 20 (2) of the Meghalaya School Education Act
Four employees of the jail and one policeman were injured and two of them were taken to hospital. to be treated.
Regarding the JHADC, the Commission has investigated the administration, implementation of certain laws, education, health facilities and roads and customs and traditions.
Shillong, June 17: The preliminary meeting of the G20 Space Economy Leaders Meeting (SELM) has started in Shillong, Meghalaya.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah P Marwein.
Train and bus services between the two countries have resumed after the pandemic.
It was also found that the workers had covered with puhshilum the walls and pillars of the collapsed well about 40 feet or less before building a new well.
Shillong, November 19: The Cabinet meeting today decided to shut down the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) due to the government's inability to fund the dewbilat factory. It will cost more than T.300 crore if it is revived.
In his speech, CEC Rajiv Kumar congratulated the CEOs of the states for completing the campaign in times of great difficulty.
Police are conducting further investigation and hope to arrest more perpetrators.
These plates belonged to two people inside the bus.
Regarding the collection of information in the search, it should not be done in front of the cameras so that there will be no misuse. the desire of the organization is that the need should be done.
Speaking to reporters, he said that such a rally will be held around the world and in Meghalaya at Motphran on Saturday and will start at 10.00 am. India will be divided into seven states, said Banshai Marbaniang.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar praised the ability of St George Higher Secondary School Nongmynsong to conduct such programs as an encouragement to other students.
There was also a demand that the Khar Harijans should be removed from the Metor area and allowed to live and hold markets there but after agreement with the law enforcement authorities, they will be released. The parking lot of Jaiaw is now known as the Khasi Market.
Speaking to media, the Joint Director MBOSE Shillong, Bah M.Marbaniang said that this year the MBOSE has organized various programs in Jowai, Tura and Shillong as part of the celebration. Synod Higher Secondary School, which won the 50th Anniversary of Synod Higher Secondary School today, 11th March, will perform on 19th March 2023 at Tura on the closing day of the 50th Anniversary of Synod Higher Secondary School. MBOSE in the presence of the Chief Minister of the State.
In this time of available opportunities, it is imperative that we put women and girls at the forefront of our efforts to achieve a better future.
In a letter signed and sent today by Silvano M. Tomasi, Apostolic Nuncio of the Vatican Embassy to the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland, UN, Bah Dino DG Dympep said “that the election of the new Holy Father in the Catholic Church is an inspiration and encouragement to many human rights defenders around the world because of the The Vatican is one of the Member States of the UN with the authority and mission to fight and find ways and means to strengthen the human rights laws that have been established worldwide. ".
Meanwhile, the NPP party, which is leading the coalition government in the state, has already announced that Bah Pyniaid Syiem, MDC from the constituency and Speaker of KHADC, will be the party's candidate. if there is a midterm election.
Your answer is up to 54 pages.
"He said the number of drug users in the state has increased and this has caused great concern to many.
The MPCC sent the names to Rana KP Singh, Chairman of the Screening Committee of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) at a meeting held at Rajiv Bhavan in Guwahati today.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, Dr. M. Mawrie, DM&HO, Father B. Pala and Dr. AR Marak, MCH of St. Paul's School. in Ri Bhoi District.
MPs from Meghalaya Saleng A Sangma of the Congress party and Dr. Ricky Andrew J Syngkong today took oath as full members of the Lok Sabha. .
He said that the state is in the midst of a shortage of doctors and the government encourages the students to study doctorate. pass the dcotro job and are ready to work in their own state.
On the other hand, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and these four civil society organizations said that there will be no night curfew on the 30th and 31st.
Police have found one of the NDFB militants dead at the scene and he was identified as Koma Boro at 7 pm.
Raphael Warjri, Chairperson of the Riti Arts Academy, said he was surprised to see that there are many children who have a special talent in drawing and painting.
The Chief Minister said that the advent of modern technology is very intelligent and there is a need for jobs in this era and this will be the key to solving the problems.
The advantage of using these PoS machines in shops is that the money from the sales goes directly into their accounts. The cost of renting these machines is only between 200 and 300 tyngka per month.
Since the formation of the UDP in 1998, the UDP has won 20 constituencies. Since 1998, the party has gone through many challenges. The UDP is the only party with hope, so as the party leaders how can we achieve that as the president of the party? There is a responsibility for the party to ensure that the parry works and moves forward.
Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein, District Sports Officer Damang Syngkon were the chief guests on the occasion. and others who have been invited.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Daniel said that this visit was a sign of respect for the newly appointed Vice Chancellor of the university.
The MBOSE has not thought carefully about the consequences of this tort.
Inside Lower Lachumiere, there are many offices of the State and not only for contractors or government officials who come in need and who have many opportunities to travel abroad but mostly for the public who come in need. by other routes in many offices in the middle of the Area.
The slogans of the children were also displayed through chart papers on Road Safety.
The Mawkynrew Cup Committee has organized this workshop as part of the preparations for the 2nd Mawkynrew Cup 2018 which will start soon in the coming months.
Meanwhile, the BSF in a statement said that the BSF from 110 Battalion after receiving a tip that there is smuggling to Bangladesh from the area and many Bangladeshis. to receive goods sent from India.
Shillong, Lber 11: The mother of Manoj D., BSF Battalion D Coy 123/Bn BSF, has been arrested on Tuesday morning. He was arrested on 3rd October 2018 while on duty at Khahsyndah BSF BOP near BP No.1233/2-S, Tyllap East Khasi Hills District. you are Lavitha.
Those who received the fence said that the government wants to close down the area so that there will be no further protests in the area.
He also requested the public to inform the Police Station if there are such incidents for verification and the Police will be able to do their duty.
In the 100th category, Skhembait Langstang of Little Flower School, Shillong, Ganisha Chullet of Sacred Heart Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Dameiawanbha Khyriem of Christian Academy, Shillong, scored 549 marks. Iairi Dapynsuk Swett of St. Gabriel's Higher Secondary School, Upper Shillong, Mebaiiskhem Lyngdoh Nongbri of St. Francis Secondary School, Smit, and Hanika Barim of Myngken Christian Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbong.
The Assam Rifles Public School is a place where we can develop and train talented girls and boys who want to become champions in the world, he added.
Regarding the deterioration of the Fasttag system, NHAI Project Director SK Verma said that so far about 300 vehicles have been stolen and he promised to pay. This money will be donated to those vehicles which have been affected by the deterioration of the Fasttag.
The Commission has also visited Mizoram, Tripura, Kerala and Gujarat to observe the implementation of these states and to take examples of work.
Bah Rani said that the 13 parties.
On the part of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, Principal, Aida C War, Vice Principal, together with the students of the College, who were present on the occasion, also planted trees at the College.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Police of East Jaintia Hills District have conducted a search operation across the area after receiving a tip that some drug traffickers have reached the Khliehriat area.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The North East Slow Food and Agribiodiversity Society (MRBA) on Tuesday held a meeting with farmers from Khasi and Jaintia Hills on Tuesday to explain the relationship between the agriculture of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Community Led Landscape Management Project on the Conservation of Forests and Forests was held at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The Nirmali Sisters of Christ Jesus, Mawkasiang Center has distributed certificates to the children who have completed their training at their center in Mawkasiang.
On this occasion, the Chief Leader of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah D.Dkhar will be the chief guest to open the curtain for the 2018 Lehkmen Season.
Speaking to media, Bah Nongrum said that so far there are two candidates who have qualified to contest from the KHNAM party and a decision will be taken to give ticket to one of them. of these 2 people.
The written examination for the post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) was completed on 13th November, 2019 and the result was released on 19th July, The personal interview will be held on the 26th of November,
The Tulba organized a bike march to the Borsing Syiem Children's Home, Sohra, Mawsmai.
The BSF said that the drugs were bought from Nongjri to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Erik Kharkongor, driver of the taxi, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
“I am pleased to say that Alliance Air's ATR aircraft have been deployed in the North East.
This computer training will be for all those in class XII from any field of study.
Other speakers on the occasion were FRD Konuran, Principal, Jongksha, Bah Medistar Warbah, ex-MLA and Minister of Home Affairs.
Regarding this complaint, he said that he will try to find ways and means how to remove the road blockade during the cleanliness drive by having an understanding with the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that there are laws that have been protected and on this basis they have written to the National Law Commission that if the Central Government implements the UCC in India, Meghalaya should be exempt. The UCC, according to the existing laws, has been passed for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
No more than 32 teams will be accepted.
Tura, Nailar 10: A sudden earthquake has struck Tura, West Garo Hills District today.
Shillong, March 02: The National Career Service Center for the Differently Abled (formerly known as the VRC), is an office under the Directorate General of Employment (DGE), Ministry of Labor and Employment, Government of India, Shillong.
L.Nongbsap general secretary.
In his speech, Lt Gen DS Ahuja the GOC of Area 101, said that it is important for the youth to strive to enjoy studying science if they have to keep up with the changes in the media. of this age without forgetting their own customs and traditions and not to misuse them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the implementation of the Jorabat Combined Water Supply Scheme in Mawsmai village in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Speaking to the people of Meghalaya today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that during the lockdown, children are playing. bring distance from one another.
Dr. Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS expressed his support to the hospital to help reduce the incidence of esophageal disease. Cancer) in the state is undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS and Civil Hospital Shillong.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is necessary to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancients in the management of the land known as A.King land. put it in the past and in the present generation.
There are 91876 recoveries in the state so far. There are 7 recoveries in North Garo Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi, 2 in West Garo Hills and 2 in West Garo Hills. Khasi Hills
The festival was organized in collaboration with the Forest Department of the State Government and the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) of the Central Government.
Shillong, Nasiwieng, 15: The Central Ground Water Board, the Government of India, will hold a drawing competition on the theme of careful use of groundwater. doesn't.
Damaged medicines need to be disposed of to clear the storage area which causes congestion when new medicines are brought in,” said a statement from DHS (MI).
In East Khasi Hills, Hispreachingson Shylla of 22nd Nongkrem, Laplu M. Sangma of 25th Mawsynram, Sainkupar Riahtam of 26th Shella and Lawanpynshangain K. of Mairang. War, 32-Nongstoin and Macmillan Byrsat, 33-Rambrai Jyrngam.
She said that even now Meghalaya is in the midst of a crisis in terms of employment if those people from another country come to the state how will it affect the state in terms of employment. loud.
In percentage terms, the VAT in Telangana for petrol is 35.2%, compared to 26.8% in UP! The VAT in Telangana for diesel is 27%, compared to 17.48% in UP. In West Bengal, people pay T.106.03/litre for petrol and T.92.76/litre for diesel while in Assam. Petrol is T.97.02/litre and diesel is T.88.30/litre.
In a statement released today, police said that the ARA member did not bring any firearms during the arrest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Dr. Mukul Sangma today handed over a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to inform him that he and his party have left the Congress party. The Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya.
Chanky Lyngdoh, in his speech, praised the KSU for being able to conduct such programs in the rural areas and urged the school children to be responsible at home. wherever they are and to appreciate knowledge so that they may become the stars of the community and the country.
At the same time, he said that the government has taken note of the suggestion of the Nongkrem MLA.
One of them is that through the assistance of this weather observatory in Garo Hills, rice cultivation twice a year has been implemented, preparations to relieve traffic jam in Shillong and other schemes have been implemented. ahead.
Medical College, who will then go back to the District Hospitals and capture the indicators as explained in detail in the training.
Speaking on the opposition, Myntri Rangbah Duh said the people expect the opposition to work hard while maintaining the dignity of democracy.
The awards were distributed by Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State in the presence of MLAs Damanbait Lamare, Gavin Mylliem, Euginson Lyngdoh. SSA President Hamlet Dohling, Mylliem Hima Chief Ainam Manik Syiem, Rangbah Shnongs of Laitkor and Nongrim Hills in the presence of the Shillong Sports Association.
Speaking at a meeting held at Pinewood, Dr Mukul said that there are still 23,300 unemployed youth registered with the government, but in fact there are tens of thousands of unemployed. the scheme will be a conduit to obtain an estimate of student unemployment.
In addition to this, the army has been given a computer worth 100,000 kyats.
Shillong, November 04: Police on Monday night raided two houses in Madanriting, one in Block D and one in Block F. grams of heroin and T.1,76,020/- were also seized.
The meeting decided to request Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Ki Chiefs to attend the meeting scheduled to be held on the 16th July 2013, which will be attended by all the Dolloi, Lyngdoh, Pator, Rangbah Kur, and members of the Elaka Dorbar, Rangbah Shnong, Seng Bhalang Leaders, Women, Youth, Elaka Dolloi and Sirdarship, Jaintia Hills, and empowered by the President and Secretary, the Dorbar Ki Dolloi to send a notice to all the Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills so that they will not be surprised when the AIN comes into force.
Regarding the border with Assam, the Chief Minister said that besides the existing police stations and police outposts, the government has set up nine Border Outposts to protect the people on the border and in the state of Assam.
A year ago, Meghalaya conducted this program in 10,000 schools, with 51,000 participation so far. 47,000 teachers and 6.8 lakh students have participated in this programme. program and has brought about a change in their attitude towards these tobacco products.
The event will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium from 10:30 pm.
At present, 29 new trains have been launched in the North East.
Regarding the collapse of the Dome which has already been erected in the building of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, a noise was heard by the people around the area and shocked the people.
At present, Chhattisgarh is one of the states that has implemented this scheme well and the Meghalaya government is in the process of implementing it properly.
Regarding the speeches and suggestions from the speaker, Bah Process T Sawkmie, Members of Parliament, Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, Mayralborn Syiem, Dr Azad Zaman, Adelbert Nongrum and Himalaya Shangpliang.
The EAC Air Force has sent a team this morning to rescue the people trapped in the roadblock.
The registration fee for the Entrepreneur Development Program is only 1000 tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said that if the BJP comes to power, it is to eradicate corruption, to bring peace and order and especially in the country. side of development in the state.
The GHADC has tried to reduce the number of employees from 2100 or 2300 to
“However, it is the responsibility of the Autonomous District Councils to manage the funds,” he added.
The Government, if it believes that there is no real impact, should make public the difference in the expenditure of foreign residents in the 1951, 1971 and 1981 censuses,” said the KSU leader. The Students Union (KSU), which celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day on the 4th of June, has raised banners demanding the release of two members of the union who were arrested recently. Sohra, the opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and the opposition to the mining of uranium from the state and the demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, July 15: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today sent their condolences to the family members of the deceased. Dozens of people have lost their lives in a bus accident in Sonapur.
However, despite the many laws to protect women and children, violence against women and children is still rampant.
At this meeting, they explained to the Chief Executive Members the rules and regulations which the government has already prepared and how to implement them.
“In view of the current situation around the world due to the spread of the Novel Coronavirus, the Ministry of Skill Development of the Union Government will provide all the support to the Union Government in the fight against this disease.
With the appointment of Justice Wanlura Diengdoh, he became the second judge from Meghalaya to reach this position.
In his speech, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Forests and MLA, said that every human being on this earth is precious and should be treated with dignity. They were born into this world with a special dress.
Mazumdar was shot from behind and managed to escape into the forest, said the SP of West Garo Hills.
The State Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna on Tuesday said that the BJP is not the NPP. are the same.
The Sordar of the Village, Bah I.War and Genl.
The SP (City) has authorized to remand him in police custody for seven days for further investigation.
The Deputy Speaker said that they have said that the Congress party is about to disappear in Garo Hills, this is just talk, it is not easy to destroy the Congress party. NCP in those years, not everyone joined the NCP but many stayed with the Congress party, it will be the same now.
This data also helps to monitor the health of poor mothers which is the main reason why the state now has a low number of mothers dying during childbirth.
It is also a blessing to the school children who go to school through this road, since heavy vehicles can no longer pass through Jowai, it has been a blessing for the children. Shillong, Lber 05: The knowledge of the officers of the PWD department to complete the by pass road on time is to be commended. The BSF has seized 3,072 pyrjong knives from Umsyiem in East Khasi Hills District while they were being smuggled to Bangladesh worth T.2.6 lakh.
In his condolence message, Dr Mukul said that Ms Swer is a pioneer in many fields and an example to others in public service.
Leaders from Jirang Constituency including MLA Sosthenes Sohtun and MDC Victor Rani today visited the Model Degree College building together with officers from the Jirang Constituency. the Department of Civil Work and the Department of Education.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah P.Tynsong said that people in these days don't have much to do with the newspapers and they rely on the newspapers especially the newspapers that come out every day. He said that 7,400 villages in Meghalaya have and can read newspapers.
He said that many years ago in 2003 as part of explaining to the people the dangers of digging in the hills and rivers to extract especially this uranium mine he brought and showed to the people of the area. Buddha Weeps in Jaduguda, and the people were shocked to see what happened to the Advasi people in Jharkhand and Bihar. They are in a terrible situation and they are facing many problems, because the right to governance, customs and justice is not reflected in the Constitution of India.
Speaking to SP News, the Bhalang leader said that like in other Congress-ruled states, the people receive six tyndong lyer, seven from the central government and Three state governments have been elected while the Congress-led state of Meghalaya has not yet seen any signs of implementation.
I'm Rynsan and I'm Not Afraid.
New Delhi, July 7: U Prime Minister Duh has expressed his condolences to those who have lost their lives in the pandemic.
Regarding the government's order to close the gates, the KHADC has responded to the government and written down the places where the gates need to be installed. at the top of the country in
“We urge the people to maintain peace and respect the rules of law,” said the SP. Ichamati and Dalda villages fall under the Shella Police Station.
Shillong, July 30: Drug traffickers have tried various tricks but the police have been able to thwart this paid plan.
On this occasion, the party led by its president, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, in the presence of the leaders of the party, expressed its opposition to the central government's plan. and he burnt the tynshong in that place.
Shillong, July 24: The Assam Cattle Preservation Act, 2021 has created a problem for the neighboring states in the transportation of cattle. you are the state.
He said the government has taken this issue seriously and will continue to find ways and means to address this issue.
Police said the four men were identified as Rostom Marak, Tengnit Arengh, Tobin Marak and Legsend Momin.
“The proposal of the State Government not only violates the provisions of the Khyrnit Bahynriew but also deprives the people of the right to re-elect their leaders at the right time.
These warnings have been informed in advance and we have already prepared safety measures,” said Kong Matsiewdor.
The meeting was conducted by Bah C Shangdiar, President of the NPP Ranikor Block Constituency.
On another question regarding school affairs, Grace Mary Kharpuri Em, Minister of Education, in reply to a question by Bah JM Tynsong, said that the Executive Committee will have to consider. to this matter and will take a decision in due course.
Shillong, Lber 30: Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. There are 27 cases in East Khasi Hills and 3 cases in hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, u Rangbah said that Dr Donkupar Roy is a man who holds his covenant and it is this that has made him a leader without end. until the end of thy days.
: Police of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night seized 1538.8 liters of beer, 43775 liters of IMFL and 270 liters of pyrsi from various parts of the country. and these drugs were destroyed in the seized area.
This work for the unity of the country has been successful but it has faced difficulties due to Articles 370 and 35A. Today, I am addressing the country from the Red Fort, I can say with pride that all Indians can now speak of one country, one Constitution and we are trying to fulfill the dream of the Sardar Sahibs of Ék Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
She urged all children to be clean to stay healthy.
Recall that during the Hill State struggle, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo MLAs resigned from their posts as MLAs to hold elections as one of the means of protest. and lead the protests against the right of KHADC to implement the ILP. Because of the terrible illegal entry of foreigners into Ri Khasi is increasing day by day.
The MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly have arrived in just six months, but these people despite their opposition have not been able to get the opportunity to register. on the electoral roll.
In addition, it will also discuss how to improve the market for agricultural products.
"“There are many cases when we think of the North East, after we have joined India.
Shillong, November 07: The Meghalaya Officers Association (MOA) today said that the duty of officers is to implement the development schemes of the government elected by the people in accordance with the Constitution of the country. and the laws that exist.
There are 1116 adhock teachers in the state. This is the examination period for the students. you said the president.
The State Disaster Response Team has also rescued 14 people from earthquake prone areas.
This is a type of dance once a year to thank the nature before going to work in the fields and before planting the seeds of rice and wheat. the joy of the song and the siaw.
Bah Jahrin said that even the Constitution of the country speaks clearly within the article to protect the rights of the minorities.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Dr. Sandipani Malla Bujar Baruah, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 3rd of this month, at midnight at Rongjeng PWD Inspection Bungalow, East Garo Hills District, Shillong, Lber 13: Sengnam N Marak, MLA and his friends who were drunk and forced to sit in their karma until 3.30 pm without any reason. Shillong, Lber : The BSF troops today suspended the Holi celebrations as a sign of mourning over the death of 12 CRPF personnel in the shooting death by Naxals in Sukma District of Chhattisgarh.
Regarding these vacant constituencies, the EC has appointed an acting daloi in Satpator constituency while for the other two constituencies of Rymbai and Nongjngi, the EC has not appointed a daloi in their place. The Administrative Officer of JHADC, B.Bamon, has passed away.
Speaking to reporters , the Deputy CEM of KHADC , Bah Pynshngianglang Syiem , said that the meeting was called on one issue , which is the decision passed by the KHADC House on 24/6 /2023 in the Budget Session to oppose the Central Government's proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code.
He said that these two ambulances which were donated today are the ambulances which have been provided from all over the country because these are not only those ambulances but they are specially prepared in case of emergency.
In the letter, the MPSC has invited applications for various posts through Advertisement No.MPSC/ADVT-54/1/2020-21/70 on November 14,
Shillong, June 23: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to introduce an amendment to the Christian Marriage Certificate Form.
According to Article 244 of the 6th Schedule, these areas are known as Tribal Areas, which differ from those under the Fourth Schedule.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The KSU Myntriang Unit has condemned the implementation of the NREGS by W.Lamurong, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of the VEC of Myntriang Village. to implement NREGS inside the house.
This is to allow the voters of this constituency to cast their vote to elect their leader to the State Legislative Assembly to be held on 10th June
The Seng today met with the VC to discuss the delay in implementing these demands, but At the same time, the Seng has decided not to hold any meetings with the VC. At the same time, the Seng has decided not to hold any more meetings. The VC has implemented the demands that the party has put before him from time to time.
The main initiative of the Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana (PMMY), which has fulfilled the aspirations of millions, with a sense of dignity and freedom.
After the recovery of all the bodies, there was a mutual greeting between the government relief teams and the villagers as it was through the hard work of the villagers that this work was completed.
Under this scheme, all the cities of the North Eastern States of India will be connected by good roads known as the East-West Corridor through four lane roads, all the cities of the districts. The border roads will be improved and the market will be improved.
If you support this initiative, we hope you will work together.
At the same time, HANM stands on the ground that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma should immediately remove the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills as this is not the demand of HANM but the demand of HANM. demand of the people where the party does not take the decision of the people.
On the other hand, HITO urges the cow traders who have received proper documents not to pay to the brokers. If any brokers ask for money, they should inform the police department. you don't have to.
Shillong, Lber 19: The District Horticulture Office in collaboration with the SELD Committee of the Prebyterian Church on Tuesday held a training on the topic “Standardisation, how to distribute the crops they produce.
The Seng also sent a statement to the Government of India together with the State Government to look into the problems of those farmers who have taken agricultural loans to plant crops because they find it difficult to grow crops. plant and cultivate at this time.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today visited several villages in the constituency which have been affected by the floods. More than 500 houses have been destroyed in the villages of Pahamsyiem, Pahamlapong, Nongpoh and Mawdiangum.
Shillong, Nailur 01: There are 10 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills and 1 in South West Garo Hills. South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 1, the total number of cases is
Since ancient times, they have respected the customs and traditions, the Dorbar Shnong, the Dorbar Hima, the Dorbar Raid, but if foreign forces intend to invade, it will be a great danger.
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya government has sought clarification on the allegation by the National People's Party (NPP) that there is corruption in the purchase of sugar for distribution to the people through ration shops in Meghalaya. the state.
Thakur will also urge the States and UTs to send their proposals for the establishment of KISCEs, KICs and other training centers to further strengthen sports activities in the country.
On the part of India through the District Magistrates who are in charge of these markets have made every effort to ensure that these markets run smoothly. promote trade from these places.
At present, 23% of the forests are in India, 59% in the North East and 43% in Meghalaya. the forests of the sun are still stang and syllen as the sun rises.
A detailed explanation on solar energy was also given by the Assistant Director (SOLAR) of MNREDA, Rafikul Islam.
Shullai was appointed as Deputy Speaker in 2008 during the MPA government and after the state government ruled by the NCP, UDP, KHNAM and BJP. The HSPDP and independent candidates have failed and the MUA has formed a government under the leadership of the Congress but Shullai has been able to continue as Deputy Speaker as there were no MLAs against him. this position.
He said that the festival will highlight the traditional food of the people of the North East.
The KSU said that during the meeting with the Director, the Director promised not to distribute this book to the students in the coming years. under your supervision.
The HNLC leader said that he has a vision that there will be a dispute over land and employment between the indigenous people and the villagers. this will lead to a sense of self-confidence among the youth.
The Government should see that EJHD needs a new C&RD Block within the District.
The Seng has put forward the following issues to be discussed on this day: to demand the abolition of the illegal kilo cut of agricultural products of the farmers, on the decline in the price of sohsaw, the decline in the price of biscuits and others.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Thyllaw, Bah Ebanjune Ramsiej urged the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlongbna to take action and warn the residents of Mawlongbna not to do such things as it can lead to death. you live.
This SMS indicates that the vaccination has been completed and the certificate has been issued.
There will not be any gaps in between.
Speaking to media, the Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that the UDP and HSPDP party in the RDA will meet the Home Minister of India tomorrow morning. Amit Shah to urge the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the CAB. At this meeting, the Home Minister said that the Union Government will also demand the implementation of the ILP in the state. Meghalaya, at the same time, urged the Central Government to force the Governor of the State to give his approval to the MRSSA Ordinance.
He said that the Central Government has rejected four laws to protect the ethnic groups, this will be the fourth time, or does the Central Government want to see that as a small ethnic group we will be overwhelmed by the big ethnic groups.
After a thorough discussion, it was decided that the Director Generals of Police should hold monthly meetings with the IGs of BSF according to their respective states. A Task Force has been set up headed by the DGP, West Bengal and the ADG. Assambad IG of North Bengal , South Bengal and Guwahati Frontier of BSF will be members of this task force border crime should be investigated and the report should be submitted within six months.
JACATAM promises that if any school principals do anything to the teachers because they have taken part in this strike, JACATAM will take responsibility. I'll look at what's going on.
Others include Th.
Reopening of Schools, Colleges, Schools and Training Centres, For the reopening of schools and coaching centres, the State and UT Governments have been empowered to take a decision later. on March 15, 2020.
NEHU has paid Dearness Allowance to its day laborers in accordance with the announcements issued by the government from time to time. Regarding the arrangement of the starting dates of work under EPF and ESI, this will be considered under the rules and medical fees will be paid. To the day laborers according to the rules in force, the protection shall be given only to those workers only where they work if there is a job.
“As soon as we arrived at this place, we saw the people waiting with a spirit of happiness to open the Civil Sub-Division office.
Vice Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Sufiyan A. Hazarika, alias Manbhalang Jyrwa, on Friday sent his resignation letter to the Central Executive Committee (CEC). In his place, the HNLC has appointed Bah Teimiki Laloo, Vice Chairman of the HNLC. His resignation came at a time when the peace talks were ongoing. between the HNLC, the Central Government and the State Government.
The State Bank of India (SBI) and the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank (MCAB) Ltd.
The union said that all this is only the bias of some of the village officials against the doctor and not all of them.
He wrote and performed a song called 'Mei Mariang' from the album 'Sai-thainki Sur' in Khasi-Cymru which was released in 2021 at Naxos World.
In a statement, the Prime Minister's Office said that the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi was an attack on the heart of India.
Shillong, June 22: The fourth Meghalaya Games 2022 will be held for seven days in June, starting on the 2nd of June. and will end on the 7th.
Shillong, March 10: World Postal Day is celebrated across India on 9th March every year since the establishment of the Universal Postal Union in 1874 and declared as World Postal Day in the Tokyo Conference in
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The 2nd Edition of Shillong Endurance Motorsports Challenge (MACS) has been held in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS).
Also present on the occasion were Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA and her husband Joseph Fantin Lakdong MDC. Almost all the officers and staff of the Assembly and MLAs also attended the occasion. old spirit is not available.
The meeting began with a welcome speech by the Minister in charge of PHE, Jayanta Malla Baruah, followed by the presentation of the agenda by the Secretary Drinking Water and Sanitation, Vini Mahajan. mission environment and implementation of activities in different States.
The Minister also informed that the Government intends to have a universal cleanliness in all the villages.
A Maruti Van (ML-05E-7180) and a scooter of unknown number were involved in the blaze. This car carries umphniang on the third day.
The date of announcement for the election will be on 6th October, the deadline for filing of nominations will be on 13th October, the scrutiny of documents will be on 16th October. If anyone wishes to withdraw from the contest, the counting of votes will be held on 18th October and the counting of votes will be held on 26th October and the counting of votes will be held on the same day.
The schemes and initiatives of the Central Government in the last five years for the welfare of the people will also be presented.
The competition was divided into five categories: 55 kgs, 60 kgs, 65 kgs, 70 kgs and 75 kgs.
Prestone said that so far 2480 samples have been taken, 2342 samples have been negative and 125 samples are awaiting results.
Besides these special trainings, a Roll Play or short game on the theme 'Career Guidance' was also performed by the students of Bachelor of Social Work (BSW) of St. Edmund's College, Shillong. the need to shape the future of the students in this competitive era.
The influx of youth from this state to the army is very good and the youth from this state have now turned to the army as a source of employment and at the same time it is you are proud to be in the Indian Army.
The water level has risen to Shnongpdeng which is near the river. People have been forced to leave their homes and shops and public parks have been flooded. This is the water level in the Umngot River.
It may be recalled that in the past 10 days, the police of East Jaintia Hills District have seized drugs worth T.15 crore. Meghalaya.
To combat these cases of violence against women and children, the government has set up special police stations for women in nine districts of each district in the state and in the remaining four districts. The Government is now considering to install them in the remaining districts.
So far, there are two candidates for the Congress party ticket, Bah Shadap and Bah James Sylliang. However, the Congress party has expected that the ticket will go to Bah James.
The Prime Minister presented some of the facts before the Prime Ministers.
The Tribal Ministry has already allocated funds for the construction of two Eklavya Residential Model Schools and according to the allocation of funds from the Central Government, these schools will be constructed in each District and Block. About 50% of the population said Oram.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Achik Mother's Association (AMA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the collapse of the market in Tura. it is about the sale and purchase of ujhur.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the selection of Meghalaya in the Bharat Net will empower the residents of the state and this will bring about a change in the use of the Internet.
There will be a great loss for them.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary who spoke about the weakness of the Muster Roll and Unions and this has affected the work of many departments.
The family members of the child have lodged an FIR at Mairang police station and informed the village and the KSU. Police on receiving the complaint have arrested the suspect for further investigation.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has set a allocation for the expenditure of the MLA candidates contesting the upcoming elections. MLA candidates will be paid less than T.
Speaking to SP News Agency, CEM of JHADC, Bah MB Rymbai, said that the sudden death of Bah Suiam has shocked them all.
Those who leave the scheme before completing 6 months are usually the ones who do not get a chance to withdraw the money.
Chief Guest on the occasion, Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, President of Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni and former Principal of Kala Bhavan, Viswa Bharati University, announced and honored the winner of the award, Ma Heibormi Sungoh. contributed to the development of Khasi literature.
Chyne said the Congress Youth Wing strongly opposes the implementation of the CAA and does not want the CAA to become law but the government has not listened to it. Therefore, they will not hesitate to come and express their opposition and in the coming days there will be programs of protest which will be called by the Congress youth.
New Delhi, November 30: Any talk of job training or training from skilled workers in India always leads to comparisons with Germany and other developed countries. paper.
Under this protocol, small vessels of one country could pay to use certain rivers of another country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Ka Seng Khasi today celebrated its 117th Anniversary with a march from Mawdan Iewrynhep Nongthymmai to Weking Square.
Fifteen people came forward to donate their blood including several teachers and employees of Govt.
Why don't you come now?
According to the latest news, the police have raided the place where these firearms were buried after receiving a tip and the discovery of these firearms has been a success. East Garo Hills Police Station.
The smuggling on the India-Myanmar border in parts of Mizoram is a major concern for the entire North East.
The Chief Minister said that so far 24,382 people have been screened, 5,208 people are under home quarantine and 296 people are under quarantine in government quarantine facilities.
Answering a question, the Minister of Rural Development said that no DISHA meeting has been convened in East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District this year.
Speeches were delivered by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board and Chairman, SPIKAP. Meghalaya, to shed light on the disease, and agreed that it is very important for traditional healers to collect pictures of plants to inform SPIKAP, the plant species that have been He urged the farmers, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs to take these trainings so that the government authorities can take precautionary measures to protect these special species. and to take to the Villages to inform the Villages about these important information.
At present, all the companies in Jaintia Hills are doing their voluntary work to help the people of the area in the form of assistance as much as possible.
“According to information received,” said Bawandonbok Nongsiej.
Communication is the only powerful weapon, just as Pharaoh himself could not solve the problem of Egypt until he had to sit down and talk to Moses.
He wrote and met with the President of India in 2013 in Shillong. Petitions were submitted three times and a letter was submitted by Paiem Father Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, to the current Prime Minister. 28 May 2016 in front of the Mawphlang.
On the other hand, the union has met with the Co-ordinator who is in charge of the office and when trying to inquire about the existence of the office, the union has found that there are many shortcomings regarding the lack of There is a court document that does not have the right to be recognized by the State Government.
The Minister in charge of Primary Schools, Deborah Marah Ruk, who was also present on the occasion, said that the government has taken measures to increase the salaries of teachers. B Kharumnuid, President, All Meghalaya Adhoc Teachers Association, has submitted a petition to the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Naitung 09: Since the establishment of the North Eastern Hill University in 1973, today is the first time that the North Eastern Hill University has produced 90% results. moon.
and the soldiers made the people happy with the sound of the horns.
Chyne said in fact this is a domestic matter and if there is any problem they should talk inside the house and not go outside the house.
Classes III to V should not weigh 2-3 kilos, Classes VI to VII should not weigh 4 kilos, Classes VIII to IX should not weigh 4.5 kilos and for Class X should not weigh 4.5 kilos. weighs 5 kilograms.
At the same time, the union wants to know why the government has not been able to convene a meeting of the village headmen and has treated them as trumpeters in the fight against this disease.
The residents have been directed to inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply if they have any questions.
We who live in these areas know better the condition of Wah Lukha because we live, eat and drink in it, we are the cleaners of it, we are sorry that foreigners come to destroy it.
People who wanted to go to the border when they saw the BSF troops broke their luggage and fled to escape from the hands of the BSF troops. up to 220 pieces.
These are the important issues answered by the Chief Minister and he said that what the members of the House have said has been written down and the opinion has been taken and the government will look into the matter. For the benefit of the state, after receiving the explanation of Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh who brought forward the proposal to amend, the amendment was rejected by the House.
On the occasion, State Training Commissioner Scouts, Gary James received the Professional Scout Medallion.
Shillong, July 02: The MLAs who will join the United Democratic Party (UDP) will resign on Tuesday.
The closure of the newspaper has left about 100 people unemployed.
He said that under the HNM, financial assistance has been provided for MBBS and PG doctors who work in rural areas. The Central Government has directed the State Governments and Union Territories to come forward to formulate an HR Policy to attract doctors to work in government health facilities.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has written to the Meghalaya Government to send a report to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government regarding the Khasi language.
The President of the KSU said that the protest against the ILP will continue from now on especially if the COVID-19 pandemic starts to spread. the demand of the whole nation.
All the party leaders who spoke on this occasion expressed the struggle of Kiang Nangbah against the foreigners who have acted by force, but as a nation we still have to fight against many challenges that affect the nation.
The 26th of November is a special day for us the people of the country because on this day in 1949, the Constituent Assembly adopted the 90,000 words Constitution.
The four winners are Eldona Betsy Lyngdoh, who came third in the Mrs Asia International pageant, Naphirisa K Tariang, a young writer, and Aenam G Jyrwa, who came third. Freddy B Syiem won the bronze medal in the 14-year-old category.
They didn't even have to stay for a few hours to show that they were in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U Gavin M Mylliem MLA of Sohra from the National People's Party (NPP) has urged the state government to talk to the BSF and the Indian government to provide assistance to the family of Sohra. Running Nongkynrih who was shot dead by BSF troops on 5th June in Mawshun.
Public awareness campaigns have been conducted through the Deputy Commissioners of various districts in the state, but very few people have come forward to get Aadhar or link Aadhar with Ration Card.
Besides school children, the public also flocked to the venue to watch the parade of the army before the celebration of the Independence Day.
The announcement about the violence in Them Mator, how surprising that there are two islands which do not own the land through the islands of Mylliem Hima, moreover the youths of the Bhalang go from time to time to get Trading License but On the other hand, there has been no proper discussion in the Dorbar Raid Mylliem or the Dorbar Hima Mylliem regarding this issue. a clear policy within the Dorbar Shnong on the opening of shops which we should have discussed in the Hima Dorbar.
This intervention of NGT has affected many churches especially many of the people in the small and medium areas who rely on this work to meet the needs of their children to get education, not only the If the coal mining is stopped as it is now, it will cause many problems such as theft, robbery, terrorism because of poverty.
The value of these 19 cows has reached 3 lakh tyngka.
By doing so, all will be able to create a world in which nature and mankind can live together in peace.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KLDC) today decided to withdraw the Second Amendment Bill, 2018 from the Government. to improve.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah MF Blah President of the Khasi Seng and the prayer was offered by Bah Skhor Jala while Bah Omarlin Kyndiah Secretary of the Riad Seng delivered the prayer.
Shillong, Nailar 22: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, BJP MLA and Chairman of MCIC of 19-South Shillong Constituency, today handed over financial assistance to the health workers. , ASHAs, Aganwadis, ambulance drivers who have worked hard in the fight against COVID-1
There are 14 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. There are 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi and 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the union, Bah Birbor Raingtam, said that the teachers have taken this decision after the government has decided to allow the teachers to write the MTET examination without dab uh rules for the year.
The purpose of this plant is to help develop the state in the field of agriculture without the use of chemicals. without mixing medicine.
Shillong, March 26: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, inaugurated a new showroom to market the new 'Supper Carrier' which has taken over Banalari World Car. in Shillong Development.
Therefore, the JYF urges the Meghalaya government to take action to do the job properly as promised in front of the people during the election and especially you have already taken the oath before you take the throne. Work honestly and cleanly to bring about change in the state, don't take advantage to arrest the leaders of the political parties but arrest those inside your own home who are thieves and violators of the rights of those who have lost their rights. JYF President P.Majaw said in a statement.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Balen and Bah Erwin.
The body of the young woman was found by the residents of Kdiah village on the 23rd of this month and informed to the police.
For the youth of Meghalaya it will be held on the 20th and 21st.
Meghalaya has got a house without borders, and the failure of the Central Government to resolve the border issue has led to bloodshed not only in Meghalaya but across the North East.
This is a great loss to the state government.
The Minister expressed his condolences to the families of the victims.
He also explained the opportunities available in the use of spatial technology to strengthen the audit work.
The incident happened at Mawlyndep village in Ri Bhoi District.
The Seng also urges the residents of the village to be ready to help the needy neighbors at this time, as the Seng does not want that besides the COVID-19 pandemic, there will be another pandemic. spread inside the Ri.
Singh said green hydrogen has the potential to accelerate the transformation of the electricity sector in India.
On the same day, 18 other members were elected as the Executive Committee of the party.
The dream of Ek Bharat Shreshtha India has now been fulfilled.
They are currently in judicial custody, but one of them has been admitted to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The President of UDP Umroi, who was also present on the occasion, said that the party is united and wants Bah Ramsiej to join the party in order to work together for the victory of the party. The UDP. What was decided was a joint discussion in which both the candidates were present.
Police said the body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong has expressed its gratitude to the CEM of KHADC for taking the time to meet with them. year 2007.
Since the HNLC came into being in Meghalaya, the Police have worked tirelessly.
Therefore, we find that this Committee has deviated from what was decided at the meeting,” said the statement.
There are several other countries that have gained independence, but our struggle is an example of democracy to the whole world.
NEHU won two medals in the 57 kg category from Khad Ar Dolloi Law College, Jowai and Ioonis Mynsong in the 69 kg category. from Kiang Nagbah Government College Jowai.
“The children played songs from various genres like Indian, traditional, rock as well as songs of famous singers like Rihanna, James Brown, Reggae and others.
Boris Khyllep, Co-Founder of NESOJ, Jalandhar, Punjab, said in a statement.
On the same day after the election of the Waheh Shnong and the announcement of the winner, the Agent or Representative of the Dolloi offered to the people the term of office of the Waheh Shnong. All the people answered unanimously for three years without opposition from anyone or anyone.
When asked for the documents, he produced a certificate to prove that he (foreigner) married a Khasi girl,” said Bah Pynïaid.
These include the building for passengers, the building for goods.
Later, the Union Minister together with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad Sangma and the Minister of State for Education held a meeting to discuss the issues related to education, Skill Development and Self-Employment with the participation of officials from the Central Government and the Government of Meghalaya.
The KSU has met with the police and they said they cannot explain and after 10 days a complaint was lodged and the victim said he did not lodge a complaint at all.
Even after TRAU continued the game with only 40 players after receiving a red card, TRAU managed to prevent Lajong from scoring.
He was supposed to come to Shillong to discuss the location of the training center but due to this reason he could not come himself but was sent by Harshit Tyagi General. Manager of Menarva Academy is not a member of this state.
If those who call without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong are found, they will face severe punishment,” warned the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that Shillong Smart City Limited has already posted on its website a survey from the public and the survey will end on the 29th of this month.
To achieve this, the Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh have agreed to deploy border guard troops to complete the border checkpoint as soon as possible.
While the ease of working in businesses will help, what remains to be seen is how to increase the value of apprenticeships in the country.
The team was led by Binod Kumar, Chief Technical Director, Association of Taekwondo Martial Art (ATMA).
This Behdienkhlam festival is the largest among the Behdienkhlam festivals in Jaintia Hills.
Pynursla, March 10: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, in his speech at the party meeting held at Pynursla today, said that the reason for the defeat of the United Democratic Party (UDP) The 2013 elections are due to the collapse of the ethnic parties.
During the meeting, they also discussed how to share information regarding the security activities between the army and police of the state.
For more information please call 9615105494/
Shillong, July 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through this statement announces to all the people of Hynniewtrep that regarding the issue of railway line in the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the KSU will It will continue to fight until this issue which affects the country and the nation can be stopped until there are laws to curb the influx of foreigners and foreign authorities. in this region.
The event was attended by the SSA officials and other invitees.
The BSF of Meghalaya on Thursday thwarted an attempt by robbers to smuggle sugarcane from the Indian border and other commodities worth up to 11 lakh tyngka. I'm not going to Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the police have urged the shopkeepers to inform if anyone demands money and will be punished according to the law.
Members of the House who took part in the discussion on the article besides Bah Lambor Malngiang who led the discussion, other members of the House were Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah George B Lyngdoh, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Charles Pyngrope and Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma.
Meghalaya has only three years left to host the National Games, but there is no sign that the government will start the works especially on the stadium at Mawdiangdiang. which has been funded by the Central Government of T.350 crore.
Gurman Singh has phoned Dr Manoj R Basaiawmoit as they have been stranded in Guwahati since the 3rd of this month. There were also other government employees who stayed in Guwahati and came to the meeting. This is done in the capacity of the District Health Medical Officer and this can be done at any time without informing the DHS. There has also been a joint cooperation between the Meghalaya Police and the Assam Police.
On the opening day of the party on 14th July 2013, the General Secretary of the party issued a statement saying that the party wants to talk peace with the central government without any agreement but the government did not respond to this.
In his speech, the Chief Justice also quoted one of the prominent authorities, Nani A. Palkhivala, as saying, “Democracy, unity and unity of the country depends on Especially in the understanding of the Constitution of the country, Dharma lives in the hearts of the people, if it dies, there can be no change to save it”.
Kumar said it is time to ban the use of pesticides in the state.
However, the government has not been able to address the issue of food items in the market, but at this time it has not been able to address the issue of food items in the market. The government does not interfere and control this relationship in the market.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Cabinet today approved the arrangements for the implementation of the employment scheme in the state.
Speaking to reporters, T Chakraborty said that the inability to complete the GSWSS has prompted the people of Shillong, especially from Mawlai and Police Bazar areas to apply for permission to dig. pungum in their places.
The Rangbah Shnong of Latyrke Village on Tuesday met with the Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hill to urge him to take action and investigate thoroughly and arrest all those involved. syndon according to the law.
Certificates were also distributed to the members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament by Commander Shangpliang.
Many said that there should be a strong law to punish the perpetrators.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The annual Behdeiankhmatam festival of Jowai Elaka has ended today in the presence of more than 100,000 people from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. field.
“We hope that this meeting will be a success,” said Dr. Nonglait and added that the National Seminar is a collaboration between KAS and the Hynniewtrep Delhi Association (HDA). good luck to the Khasi working and studying in Delhi.
With the goal of maintaining peace and order in Block-II, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and other Executive Members of the Block-II On Tuesday, they visited the Raid Nongtung under Block II. The purpose of the visit was to ensure that the residents of the village live in peace and harmony.
On the other hand, the police said that they have heard that some people have been demanded money but if the owners do not come to the complaint it will be difficult for the police to investigate the allegations. I don't know how to tell you.
It is shocking that because of Bah Sohtun's opposition to the project, the police have summoned him to the police station.
The government has also discussed the situation in Guwahati as the Assam government has issued an announcement that there will be a curfew for two months in the city. For this reason, the Meghalaya government has urged the people not to go to Assam.
Secretary, Ayush, Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha; Vice Chancellor of Northeast Hill University (NEHU), Prof PS Shukla; Joint Secretary, Tnat Ayush, BK Singh; Prof Neeta Maheskar, Director, NEIAH attended the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today decided to join the National People's Party (NPP). They will join the NPP tomorrow.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Home Affairs said that he congratulates the Chief Minister for handing over the Ministry of Home Affairs to him.
Female Health Workers’ Training School” (FHWTS) in Rongkhon.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the establishment of the Meghalaya Directorate of Military Welfare and the District Military Welfare for the Army, Navy and Army which was adopted by
During the meeting, they also discussed the remaining issues.
Shillong, March 05: The Durga Puja celebrations of the Hindu devotees have started today in Shillong.
It is true that in the Dangar area and along the border area during the operation of Aircel, other mobile networks of other companies are available in the area. All Aircel services have been closed except for Cell One, but now even Cell One in many places is no longer available and this has put the people in trouble.
They are the notification to the Federation of Khasi Traditional Institutions through the notification dated 2nd August 2004, the second is the approval of the Bill entitled, the second is the notification of the Federation Dorbar on 3rd November 2015, followed by it, then finally came the Haba, how will the country and the nation reach?
Shillong, Lber 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today wrote to the Chairperson of the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examination. XII written by Manjir Ghosh.
Jowai, June 02: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today elected Bah Madonbai Rymbai as the new CEM of the JHADC. the District Council.
Shillong, July 09: Renowned writer Minimon Laloo has once again honored Meghalaya by receiving the Woman of the Year Award 2021 from Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
This will happen if the political parties are within the scope of this Act so that the people will know their income and this will lead to a clean and transparent politics.
Regarding the salary for the fiscal year 2022-2023, the Central Government has not yet released it to all the states of India. the state is in the midst of a fiscal deficit.
“This construction has now violated Section 3, Clause A, Clause B and so on of these Guidelines,” said the President of the Foundation.
All these pilgrims have brought with them the holy water which has been performed and when they reach Mawjynbuin they will pour this water on the stone in the tree and they will not return in the morning. sun.
A look at trends around the world shows that we need about 1,500 to 1,600 beds for every 10,000 patients.
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is committed to bringing in a new era of transparency, law and order and preparing for the future of broadcasting in the country through the Draft Broadcasting Services (Regulation) Bill, .
Customs officers arrested two persons from Kashipur area on Silchar-Jiribam road and seized 2.270 kilograms of methamphetamine worth Rs 2.23 crore.
There are 110 students at the IIM. The President's participation in the teaching activities is because India wants to bring about economic change in urban and rural areas. .
North Garo Hills, 37-Kharkutta and Subrotho G Marak, 38-Mendipathar and Taposh D Marak, 40-Bajengdoba and Rakman Ch Marak, East Garo Hills and 42 Rongjeng and Andreash G Momin, 55-Salmanpara of West Garo Hills, Ronal Rikman Sangma of 57 Dalu and Ashael D Shira of 47-Rajabala.
In the meeting with these groups, they also discussed the issue of peace and order in the state. The government has urged all the civil society organizations, religious organizations and Rangbah Shnongs. to cooperate with the government for the maintenance of peace and order.
Kerios Wahlang immediately said, “Parad Haridon is a brilliant star, and on All India Radio I have been able to improve my skills; then Mr. Berrywell Kyndiah first mentioned and taught me about the money.
In a statement sent to the media, the JSU Khliehriat Circle together with the leaders of Thangskai Village met with Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and handed over a letter of complaint to the Government. The Minister said that the Government has received the documents sent from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. Ayush Kumar has handed over his Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) which he received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in of East Jaintia Hills District on the issuance of Permanent Resident Certificate (PRC) to this foreigner.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA/MDC Mawkynrew Constituency said: “I will continue to monitor myself without rest until the aspirations of the people are fulfilled so that the PHC can continue to provide services. the best and most perfect".
On the 17th of June, the market dwellers under the leadership of Samla Leaningrad Tariang (General Secretary KSU Laskein Circle) forcibly evicted the illegal traders inside the Raliang market.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already marked 34 constituencies where the use of money may increase during the elections. You are not allowed to carry more than 50,000 tyngka.
Ardent said that so far the government has not responded to the party's demands, but this is a clear message to the government that until it can give a clear answer to the issues of demand, this strike will continue.
The two Meghalayans will represent India in the tournament which will start on the 15th and end on the 23rd of this month at Jesolo Lido, Venice, Italy.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that there are 28400 employees in the health department, 93 doctors who have not been vaccinated, 462 nurses and others. There are 434 positions available in the Ministry of Health.
Jaintia Hills Police in their investigation found that the drug trafficking from Manipur to Shillong is very serious.
Here I will show you an example.
Shillong, July 02: The Meghalaya Minerals Exporters Chamber (MMECC) has expressed its surprise at the government's delay in releasing the remaining Mawshun. East Khasi Hills has already completed the duties appropriate to his position.
This area needs a police station to investigate crime in this area, as the Shallang police station is far from Rongjeng area. There is no police station in these three districts.
The third group will leave Tura tomorrow morning.
Sanjeet of Services, who became the 2021 Asian Champion, won 5-0 in the 86-92kg category against Naveen Kumar of Haryana.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHITO) on Tuesday demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) should review and revoke the trading licenses of foreigners who have received no objection certificates (NOCs) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. by R&R Colony Welfare Society, Rynjah.
This was announced by Samla Nihun Sten, General Secretary of KSU Barato Unit.
Speaking as a special guest at the celebration of the Gap Conservation Day, KN Kumar said that the number of fish in the world is declining and the reason is that excessive use of pesticides.
Among these 10 kurs, 2 kurs are Sangriang and Lyngdoh Umiong and 8 kurs include Mawlein, Shangpliang, Pariongbah, Nonglang, Kharjahrin, Lyngkhoi, Myrthong and Pariongnah.
This was announced by Thomas Passah in a statement.
Shillong, June 03: The Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that as a group of students from the North East, they will write to the Delhi University. that it should reinstate the subject Alternative as it has done in the past.
Lending to members of minority communities increased significantly in 2022, with their share being 10%, and in this, lending within the Shishubad Kishore category reached 85% of the total. loans.
He said the recently concluded session of the Legislative Assembly was a good one for the welfare of the society.
Three years later, in 1977, Tura was led by Purno Agitok Sangma of the Indian National Congress until
Shillong, November 29: U Bah Ernest Mawrie today welcomed Bah Allan K Suchiang after he resigned from the post of Superintending Engineer of MeECL to the BJP party. Ernest said that the BJP has been growing from day to day. On this day, the BJP was joined by his followers who came to Shillong to protest. rung to the party.
St. Joseph is an example for mothers that as a father he is a servant of God to look after and care for St. Mary the Mother of Jesus.
The Act East policy also includes efforts to create job opportunities and self-employment to make the North East the driving force of the country's economy and to boost jobs. Citing the problems of connectivity and transportation as the main problems affecting the growth of trade in the region, Dr Jitendra Singh said that over the past four years, a fast-track has been introduced to address these issues.
Shillong, Nailar 06: Today, the singers from Shillong have performed a song to entertain the tourists and also the people who come to Khyndailad. Khasi and Hindi.
As the journalists have published the GNLA's news when it wants to come to the peace talks and other news, the GNLA should refrain from intimidating the journalists. .
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, said that the bank is located within the border of Meghalaya at Khanapara in Ri Bhoi District. The bank is located in Assam and the test was conducted from Assam.
He said he hoped that the Assam Rifles would soon become a leading army not only in India but abroad as well.
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit on Saturday held its 2nd Meghalaya Freshers' Meet Cultural Program at JSS Campus, Indian Institute of Nursing, Bangalore.
The Seng urges the public and students who have other places that if you still have the opportunity please don't be afraid to stay in your places so that there will be no incident that will cause you or the community.
“Through our legal expertise, we are able to lead the rest of the world in consensual dispute resolution.
This is the most unique and unprecedented event in the history of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD. It was created by Irene Dkhar, the best daughter of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD. EJHD, has won the titles of Miss Meghalaya, 2022 and Miss Northeast,
Senior officials from the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India, NITI Ayog, ICAR Institutions, MEA, Vice Chancellors, officials from SBI and Indian Tea Association, oil palm factories and First of all, farmers and investors related to agriculture attended the summit.
Those houses that are unoccupied, this notice is posted on the doorstep.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Village Authority and also the residents of the village from the parents and youth of the village who also honored Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC from Mawkynrew Constituency.
The nine Executive Members are Gigur Myrthong as Deputy Chief Executive Member, Martle Mukhim, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Victor Ranee, Teiborlang Pathaw, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Mitchel Wankhar, Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Jambor War is an Executive Member.
Samla Manly J.Nongpluh Finance Secretary Seng Kmie on the contribution of the Seng Kmie especially in the field of education and wished the school to continue to move forward especially in the field of education. and education as a modern age.
He directed to speed up the vaccination drive in areas where the virus is likely to spread.
“The Ministry's objective is to focus more on the urban areas where there are poor households.
The unity of all is essential at this time to bring peace in the state and the country as a whole.
Last year's edition was held in Mongolia in November
According to reports, there are three constituencies where there are no Daloi due to the death of the old Daloi, but the District Council has not yet appointed Daloi or new Daloi in these constituencies. the three electorates.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today submitted a “Rai Government” to be sent to the Central Government for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the the Constitution of India.
Rejecting the claim that people want to go for a walk before the third wave of the pandemic, he said it should be understood that the third wave will not come by itself.
However, permission has now been granted to open all types of exhibition halls, and the new SOP will be issued by the Ministry of Commerce in consultation with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
The purpose of the event is to encourage talented youth and those who wish to improve in sports to train themselves in a field that is suitable according to the standards of today.
Advisor to the Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma, Shabuk of the Government Marcuise N Marak in their speech urged the people to cooperate with the government to protect the country. MBDA CEO Sampath Kumar and Dr.S Ashutosh concluded the meeting. There were also other speakers on the occasion.
The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo peoples have united together to create this state. We have a rich past that we have lived together. Meghalaya,” the statement said.
According to the amendment, the MLA who wins the election, if he does not extend his MLA term to 30 months or two and a half years, will receive a pension of only half, ie 50% of the pension of others. The MLAs who have been elected have been elected.
The CSWO will not stand idly by in this regard and will fight until the people who deserve their rights get them.
Two cases from Ri Bhoi are from Saiden, one from Langkyrding, one from Happy Valley and one from Laitumkhrah.
The Chief Minister said that the festival is to promote tourism in Garo Hills, but due to the outbreak of COVID-19 it has affected the state and especially the tourism industry.
He said that in the past, the students were selected to study MBBS according to their progress in their studies based on the marks they obtained but now it depends on the passing of the students. text entrance.
“I urge you to accept that this election is not just the election of Bah Pala or just the election of the Congress party.
Dr Moushumi Dey, Lecturer, Women's College, Shillong, opened the meeting as the chief guest.
He said that next month the foundation stone will be laid for the major water supply project in New Shillong Township worth T.1600 crore.
Bah Banshai asked why the State Government should have to confuse the people and even the villages at such a time when the Rangbah Shnongs as leaders have to put a stop to them. Protection for the residents if the PHC has to close until there are no staff or even to protect even a minor incident? The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare together with the DHS have promised to take strong action and also to find out all the reasons why the Mawlai Mawroh PHC has been turned into a PHC especially during this time of increasing spread of the disease. the Covid-19 pandemic.
The condition of these outposts is poor and there are also outposts which are covered only with tins and this puts the lives of the police at risk and besides, even the location of the outpost is not Mukroh and Khanduli villages are the two villages where most of the clashes between the residents of Meghalaya and Assam.
This was announced by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 25: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (ITU) today announced that it will hold a meeting with the Conrad Sangma government to protest against the coal mining factories in East and West Jaintia Hills. The Assembly Committee on Environment has submitted a petition to the Assembly Committee on Environment to take action against these illegal factories.
The JSU has put these questions before the government and the government should be able to give proper answers.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Pyja Committee wish that there will be peace during the puja.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: As of now, there has been no uranium mining in Meghalaya and it will never happen but if there is such a mining, the government will look into it.
Replying to a question whether the BJP will remove Ernest Mawrie as the state president of the BJP, he said that only the National President can take a decision on this issue. there was no such discussion.
There are 16 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. one from East Khasi Hills District and two from West Garo Hills District.
Besides, a few months ago, the husband and the youngest child who had to take care of her blind mother passed away.
"Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the past nine years, the Government of India has provided food, housing, electricity, water, sanitation, toilets. and health facilities of up to Rs 5 lakh to 60 crore people free of charge.
Meanwhile, in Police Bazaar, the curfew will be in force from 8.00 am to 8.00 pm and from 8.00 pm until further notice.
A total of 23787 students appeared for the examination, 23160 students came to write the examination and 17318 students passed. The percentage was 74.78%.
During the inspection, the UHM found that the road is in poor condition and the residents of the village have expressed their regret that the road is too bad. This is the neglect of the PWD in this area.
He said that according to the 2011 census, foreigners are only 13% compared to 1971 when they were about 20%.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Prestone said, “Finally, today we have discussed some important issues related to the relocation of families from Them Metor. .
The tender for this road has been called in four phases, each phase worth T.120 crore and in four phases it has reached T.480 crore.
At this meeting, the Chiefs of the Khasi Hills requested the Central Government through the State Government to implement the Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948, which was signed and accepted by The Central Government and the Federation of Khasi States, in order to release these provisions of the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Border Security Force (BSF) 200 Battalion in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police on Tuesday seized 19,000 thousand kilos of sugarcane. They were hiding in a house near the border at Rongra village on the border of South Garo Hills District.
Other buildings that the state needs are the Legislative Assembly which collapsed in 2001 but only in this year the MDA government in 2018 has taken action. dorbar to be held in July this year.
Wajri alleged that the government has not visited the area which falls under the fourth and seventh parts of the border dispute with Assam.
On the other hand, the District Administration has stepped up its security to ensure that there will be no incident during the curfew hours.
Police have arrested all three and seized the vehicle they used.
Dr Zaman urged all Muslims not to go to mosques or churches to pray on this holy night 09/04/2020 but to cooperate with the District Administration to comply. what is required to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, March 22: BSF troops from the 4th Battalion on Saturday seized 93 muid on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he will monitor the progress of the program not because he wants to see the failure but because the achievements empower him to work.
The NPP candidate said that he joined the NPP party on the basis of bringing about economic development in education, unemployment and water supply.
The KSU will not oppose the government's decision to set up a new CRD Block in any part of the state but we want the government to listen to the demands of the people of KSU. It is located in the South West Khasi Hills.
“There is no sign from the government authorities who has done this,” said Bah Ryngksai.
The Meghalaya Right to Public Services Bill, 2020 was introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. They introduced amendments to the Bill, but after an explanation from the Prime Minister, they withdrew and the House passed the Bill.
“In 2019, the Ministry estimated that there are 7.5 crore drug users in the country and 2.5 lakh drug users in Meghalaya,” said Dr Bishnoi.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that South Shillong MLA Shanbor Shullai and Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong.
Inside this place there is a training center for young children to learn to read and write, which was found today during a joint inspection by the government authorities and the army and the HYC. .The children who live in this area have received this opportunity to be trained to write and it was seen that there are more than 10 children who are still being taught while the inspection of this area is ongoing. .
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today seized a vehicle number ML0-U-3018 with three persons from Assam.
This has caused a lot of disadvantage to the youth who apply for jobs because of the age and the youth who pass every year are waiting without any opportunity to apply for jobs.
Those who wish to send for treatment should call these numbers and provide the name of the woman or man, their address and pin number and if available, their email address.
The Government is preparing to take them by plane and to bring them back to the state as soon as possible. students can call if there is an emergency.
“For example, can the party call CLP, can they call PP without calling me, if they take any decision it is up to them I cannot say anything because now I'm still in the Congress.
To increase the income of the area, a working group has been set up and this will help to increase the income and avoid being exploited by the traders. The price is T.13000/- per quintal, but the buyers are only T.8000/- to T.9000/- which affects the income of the people.
Pynïaid also urged the village leaders, especially the Khasi and Karbi residents of the area to work together to maintain peace and order. to bring peace and stability in this region.
This illegal entry of foreigners into our area is an opportunity to destroy the income generation opportunities of the indigenous people and the union after inspection has warned them that they are not allowed. to earn money without providing proper documents.
: it means to ask and investigate; it leads from one place to another; it means to tell or find the truth.
Dr Zaman alleged that the letter written by the Tura MP is an insult to the farmers of Selsella and Rajabala Assembly Constituencies.
“We have requested the State Project Director to appoint teachers in schools without teachers so that the students will not be affected in their education,” he added.
The responsibility fell on the last child, Aidalin Warjri and her two younger brothers.
Latest reports said that the robbers did not have the opportunity to damage the grave.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Raid Nongtung Secretary Heronice Masharing and Raid Nongtung Syiem Peiem Miniwel Shadap said that the Assam's intention to put up a sign board at Sabuda shows that it does not own the village. neighboring villages.
On the other hand, the two states want to have closer relations and ensure that such incidents do not happen in the future.
In Motphran, police and magistrates have been trying to stop the people but no one has listened.
Speaking at the meeting, the President said that the goal of the Ayushman Bhav Campaign – no one is left behind and no village is left behind – is to make our country successful in achieving the goal that all people have access to healthcare.
According to the report, the wastewater flowing from this canal has caused the people of the area not to understand the smell as it has been going on for six years.
Speaking at the celebration of the 125th birth anniversary of the freedom fighter, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is an honor for the state to have been elected to the post of Prime Minister. He was a member of the committee headed by the Prime Minister of India to oversee the one-year celebration of Subhas Chandra Bose.
When the couple has taken the form and filled it out, the officer will issue the marriage certificate as proof that they have completed the registration. If the couple delay the date, they will be fined T.100/- tyngka. per month and this shall not exceed T.1000/- tyngka if they cannot register for more than 120 days, for information to contact the officers at the offices of the Deputy Commissioners. of Districts and Sub Divisions.
The meeting will be held at 2 pm immediately after the march, he added.
We are deeply concerned about a report in one of the newspapers about the shortage of HIV drugs in the northeast that appeared on October 4, 2023.
The Chairman congratulated all the members of the Committee who have contributed to the protection of the rights of the people of Ri Khasi.
The MPSC has clarified that it is ready to release the results but is still waiting for the roster to be sent by the SAD Department.
Today's launch of the missile is the last attempt before it is accepted into the Air Force.
The NDRF and the Navy did not do anything today as they were waiting for the pumps of Coal India Ltd to pump the water.
“We would like to state that the Society has no intention of making these festivals anti-social but we stand on the principle that music and dance are in their own right. Yodame Diengdoh, Secretary EUMSS, said: “We don't have any support but except that they come out of their pockets with the support of the musicians. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Mebanteiskhem Kharkongngor, Publicity Secretary of the Society.
Therefore, the JYF congratulates this young man for his success in this struggle for the post of Leader of the JHADC Legislative Assembly so that he can continue to serve. which is more information for the Constituency and the region as a whole.
As Gandhi Jayanti approaches, Prime Minister Duh gave a special appeal to the people of the country.
There are 14 recoveries today, of which 9 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from East Garo Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
The shun language is the full Khasi language which has been translated into other mynder languages.
I hope you have seen Muslim women living in fear of Triple Talaq.
He said that not only the HNLC has come to the table of peace talks but other rebel groups the government has been able to forgive their cases but to say that the HNLC cannot be forgiven. map this is all wrong.
Herbert Joe Wanniang and Dn.
He said that the central government has a target that by 2022 the income of farmers should be double.
This year the club has honored two employees of GVK EMRI – Meghalaya who have dedicated themselves body and soul to working within the group for the sake of serving the people. EMT Blesstar Jana, driver of the vehicle and Branthon A. Marak, were awarded the award.
The names of the suspects are Bah Tribor Nongbri, Serir Kharshiing, Mercy Linda Lyngshiang, Smek Marboh, Dolarius, Karding Nongbri, Phelik Syiemiong, Kobrin Jyrwa and Cristable Wanniang. They are from Mawkduk.
The lack of shllans has made it impossible for the traders, especially those who export coal to Bangladesh, through the trade routes, to fulfill the agreement as written in the Letter of Credit (LC) by the Bangladeshi buyers. .
Believe me, everyone is now aware of the presence of 70 types of carcinogens in tobacco.
On the other hand, the CEM said that there may be shortcomings here and there but the EC has struggled to bring equality in all the constituencies of the MDCs. Do this scheme and you will find “I don't want to do that I want everyone to get the same more or less here and there”.
This is for the North East according to the 2001 census to improve the income and social well-being of the people living in rural areas.
The games performed by the children of this school today have a great lesson in the society.
After receiving permission from the Meghalaya government to destroy 57 illegal coke factories, dynamite was used to destroy the Atoskhan of the illegal coke factories in the presence of the police. , the people of the MSPCB, the factory.
In order to provide telecommunication services to the people, the expansion of mobile networks and towers is inevitable.
These are the decisions they have taken today if the GHADC authorities do not look into the demands of the union.
Shillong, July 27: The Lyngdoh of Riad Nongkrem, Bah P Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Riad Nongkrem will not hesitate to protect the land for the benefit of the thousands of children of the Riad Nongkrem.
The mother of Rohen K Sangma has lodged a complaint with the Bajengdoba Police Station since 04.04.2017 but no one has found her. Police have not been able to find out where the mother is.
Let's turn to Rule 20 (1) QuoteI have been elected twice as CEM of KHADC and both times I have never applied for that approval from the Governor or Government because it is not in the AD Rules ap the word; I began to work on that day.
It is surprising that after the two parties signed the alliance, they withdrew their support from the PDF, but the question is whether they will work with the Congress party which they have formed to sign the alliance. against the Congress party.
The Hynniewtrep Cultural & Welfare Organization (HTCWO) Rangbah JSKharshiing passed away today 25th July, 2013 at NEIGRIHMS. On the 29th of this month, the Seng informed the public through this statement that it has been suspended until further notice.
Shillong, July 09: The Director of the National Institute of Technology, Meghalaya, Bibhuti Bhushan Biswal, on Tuesday said that 50 percent of the land within the Institute has been allocated to the state residents. others from all over India.
The stakeholders were actually teachers themselves but wanted to learn more about new teaching methods, tools and management in the teaching profession.
These statements are in violation of the RTI received from the MCH & FW in an attempt to force the distribution of Covid vaccine.
Speaking to reporters, Kharsyiemlieh said he could not elaborate on the report submitted to the Executive Committee.
The above documents can be delivered to the above mentioned leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, or by scanning them carefully and sending them by email. , “e.g.
On the other hand, the DC at this meeting today informed the groups who attended the meeting that what they said at this meeting will be conveyed to the higher authorities, said Bah Eddy. Kerry Pohtam President of JSU.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the talks with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other government ministers. The group has made it clear that they stand on the basis of protecting the jaidbynriew.
These MPs, MLAs and MDCs have been elected for 10 years.
Shillong, June 10: The Miss South Asia, India 2017 pageant will be held in New Delhi on the 22nd and will end on the 25th of this month. Sabina Parves Warjri will lead the state.
Shillong, November 20: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has lifted the night curfew on the nights of 24, 25 and 31 November 2021 to celebrate Christmas and New Year.
The policy has been introduced after collecting information from all parts of the state and has been placed before the public for comment. health.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Victor Ranee MDC of Jirang Constituency on Tuesday said that he has received information that the Additional District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has gone to close down the road. Rani Godawn's house was covered with snow because it was not covered with snow.
Regarding the health sector, the government has spent to protect the people of the state and the government is ready to face any challenges in the future.
Replying to questions on Shillong, he said the party will demand that if the Khasi Jaintia State is established, Shillong will fall under the territory of the people or the foundation on which the party stands.
In a statement, the National General Secretary said that he has received information that some members of the party have spoken about what will happen in the North East from the Citizenship Amendment Act .
This war of plastic pollution has affected our state, India and the world as a whole by posing a serious threat to future generations if we do not surprise people.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the arrest of four policemen, Sub-Inspector CR Marak, Balbring G. Momin, Pynshangbun Shangpliang, Mathius Marak and Sub-Inspector CR Marak. Solomon R. Marak of the SF-10 of MLP's 3rd Battalion Nonghyllam Anti Dacoity Camp South West Khasi Hills on charges of involvement in the shooting and wounding of three students of Jingaiiti Higher Secondary School Nonghyllam. Phaskupar Nongtnger from Umsur, Manlyness Marngar and Manbha Hahshah from Nonghyllam under 18 years old.
Titosstarwell said that once there are entertainment venues, there will be hotels and they will start doing illegal activities and they will rob women, young men and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Federation of Khasi States has urged all the residents of Meghalaya to cooperate to approve the quarantine or temporary quarantine for returnees from abroad and FKS feels that it is necessary to encourage the opinion of the Rangbah Shnongs as requested by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs through the media on 12th May
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, PM Sangma and other officials of the Garo Hills District were also present on the occasion. MIDC, Department of Commerce and Industries including the General Manager of MDCL, Bah R.Kharbuli, who also explained the problems of the unit.
Despite this shortage of staff, this year alone, they have been able to punish 150 traders who have tried to cheat the consumers.
In his speech, Bah Pariat said that the Aquaculture Mission of the Government is part of the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Program (IBDLP) launched by the State Government recently to come to the people.
: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday left for the three days National Youth Champion League from 8th to 10th November The Pro MMA League was held at Priyadarshini Youth Complex, Malund West, Mumbai.
Police suspect that the kidnapping was carried out by the ASAK rebel group and the C-In-C of the group, Reding T Sangma, was involved in the kidnapping. bor ia these riew public from that place.
The Prime Minister said the government has a plan to set up a golf course near Mawlyngnong which is one of the cleanest villages in Asia.
The Principal also expressed his regret over the misspelling of the name of Mawlai Village as this mistake has affected the school and Mawlai Village as a whole.
Regarding the street lights in Laban area, MePDCL said that they maintain them every day but the work is only about 60%. MePDCL is not true.
On the other hand, the Cabinet Secretary has ordered to close the border areas in all districts.
At this meeting, Ms. Isawanda Laloo DC of East Khasi Hills congratulated all the religious leaders and CPC leaders who have worked together to make this Puja a success. to all those who spoke at this meeting today.
Speaking to SP News Agency by phone, MPUF President Dapoi Laloo said that as the government has not yet issued the order to dismiss the DC of West Jaintia Hills, the MPUF will start tomorrow morning. The protesters demanded that the government should continue to appoint the current DC in the district.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District have arrested several persons in the vehicle and seized the vehicle Police are conducting further investigation.
Shillong, July 23: Leaders of the Congress party from Nongstoin today met with MPCC President Bah DD Lapang, where they submitted a complaint that Bah Gabriel Wahlang wants to leave the party. The Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NBCC) has been established.
The dedicated efforts of these young athletes not only met but surpassed expectations, paving the way for unprecedented success.
The Prime Minister said that he should not say anything, but because he has been accused, he wants to clarify the charges.
The proposed site is located within the boundary of the District Court Khliehriat and near the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
The Prime Minister said that all those who are suffering have gained more strength as it is so far.
The NOC from the Syiem of Hima Maharam was also read out on the occasion.
At the same time, to inform the Syiem and the Dorbar Hima Mylliem that it will know and take any measures it can.
The task is to provide treatment to the people like other doctors to look after the people of the area and at the same time the people who enter and leave this area to On the other hand, the residents of the area have complained that the government has provided doctors only in those places where there are doctors. The ministers while the places where there are no ministers are not treated properly.
The KHADC is still awaiting the report of the Delimitation Committee which has conducted a public hearing across the villages within the boundary of the Khasi Hills District Council. From 21st November to 13th November, 2023, the district will be held in Ribhoi District.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has urged the people to follow in the footsteps of his father, who is one of the leading politicians in the North East.
Shillong, Lber 25: The filing of nomination papers for the MP elections to the Lok Sabha of India will end on 27/October 2024 for the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP has filed his nomination papers tomorrow. Robert June Kharjahrin and Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP will file their nomination papers tomorrow. Up to three candidates including Prof. Lakhon Kma who has announced to contest as an independent candidate.
Shillong, November 29: The Election Committee of the MPCC today accepted the names of the candidates for the 2023 MLA elections from the party congress from 40 constituencies. The remaining 20 will be completed in the next few days.
pm to4.00.
There are 6 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 79 confirmed cases in the state.
On the other hand, stories are told according to these snaps which are salonsar in human life and which are similar to any society in the world.
With the greetings of women in every home, we are here to celebrate International Women's Day on the 8th of October.
Shillong, July 22: The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA) has warned the public not to be afraid to eat poultry. I don't want to eat because there are those who misunderstand that the cows are sick.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Daniel Khyriem today informed that the KSU has lifted the night curfew called earlier after the two arrested party members escaped.
Commander Shangpliang President of the Sengkmie said that on the 24th of this month the Sengkmie will hold a public meeting at Jengjal West Garo Hill. to the HFU West Garo Hill Unit.
The placards read that the MD should be retained in order to protect the property of the MTC, to avoid the auction of the MTC land, Nikhla should be retained, the employees of the MTC. They demanded that the government should revoke the order to transfer her.
Therefore, the decision of the peace talks did not appear in accordance with the agreed criteria.
All these measures have resulted in many votes in the last two months since the elections were announced.
To date, they have collected information from 7,800 schools.
This is not the first incident but there is something wrong with Nido being a student from the North East.
Speaking to media after the meeting, VPP MLA from Mawlai constituency Brighstarwell Marbaniang said that after the request of the political parties, the Deputy Commissioner (DC) has agreed to Section 144 CrPC has been imposed only in the polling station, Polo and surrounding areas but not in the entire East Khasi Hills District.
The GNLA member was identified as Sohphon N Sangma and was also known as Rongrim. Taklu is from Samanda Chmengre village.
MM Sun Secretary PWD said that NHAI has already allocated Rs 5 crore to fill the damaged areas and in March they will start the cleaning when the sky is clear to cover the stones. that syar in this road.
Other trainings include shniuh for men, general training on EDP-PMEGP schemes, planting tied, sowing seeds of jhur, making paper, making envelopes, making paper and files, to make household clothes, to dye silverware, to raise cattle and to sell flowers.
This shocked the Khasi elders of that time and they had to think differently.
The government has already provided the necessary land for the construction of the road. The road will run from Phulbari, Rajabala, Bellachanda, Selsella and Garogre, which has already been provided, but the plan is to reach Nongstoin.
When asked for clarification and understanding with the Rangbah Shnong, what surprised many was that he urged the people who wanted to find out the truth about the implementation of the scheme in the village, to fight with him. you bor if you don't nud.
Knowledge is the sword and shield for the future of the nation.
At present, there is only one bank in the area known as the Meghalaya Rural Bank.
To further improve income in rural areas, the Government of India is implementing a major program to provide self-employment opportunities for women in rural areas.
This was done in two parts where Group A was for students in grades 5 to 7 and Group B was for students in grades 8 to to 'We are pro-planet people' and 'Circular Economy – Reuse, Reduce and Recycle.
Police have raided Edenbari Resort on 22/7/2
The number of students who have passed from this university is 3593 in Degree, 1203 in post graduates and 30 in Doctorate.
The Governor also received the resignation letter of the Chairman of KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej.
Shillong, July 7: After receiving the donation of oxygen cylinders, PPE and money to Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Nazareth Hospital, the Seng has donated oxygen cylinders, PPE and money to the Nazareth Hospital. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by its Chief Leader Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar has donated three oxygen cylinders, PPE and a donation to Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
When asked about the measures taken to curb this problem, Bah Paul said, “One of the issues is on the renewal and strengthening of the Village Defense Parties especially to investigate the areas where There is a high increase in the number of drug users including Shillong.
Shillong, March 24: The son of Bah Kitdor Syiem, Bah Lawanpynshngain War, will be the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) for the 2018 MLA election from Mairang Constituency.
He said that he has introduced many schemes to benefit the people of South Shillong Constituency in the field of drinking water and other development works.
According to the KSU, the police are still searching for the KSU leaders.
This amount is for the salaries of 3852 non-government teachers and also includes the other 56% they are entitled to.
The foreigner woman said that she had boarded the vehicle near the gate of Shillong Civil Hospital with the intention of getting off at Khyndai Lad.
We have been persecuted as citizens in every way.
A Maruti car (ML07-A-5331) and AS-01-6648 (AS-01-6648) were seized from the hotel.
Minister Duh said the North East is the gateway to peace and prosperity and not just a border area.
In the first meeting, the civil society organizations also suggested to the government to establish a foundation on history, to take the purpose of the Hills State struggle and to listen to the Hima, District Council and to the riewshimet who have the books.
As the National Games will be held in the state in 2022, the Chief Minister also spoke of setting up a special treatment center for the athletes in case of any injury.
During the 2009-2010 H1N1 influenza outbreak, seriously ill people were injected with proteins produced from blood serum to prevent the disease.
The PIL filed by them is against the issue of the CAA being against the Constitution.
“In the success of the Chandrayaan-3 lunar mission, our women scientists, the Nari Shakti of the country have played a major role,” he said.
The Mombati ceremony was inaugurated by the Acting Chief of Mawsynram Hima Bah Bording Marbaniang and thousands of people attended the ceremony.
The KSU police station has called the police station to learn about the riots that broke out in Laitumkhrah area on the day the KSU called a day of mourning on the 4th of June.
Shillong, November 30; The HYC Mawlai Umjaiur unit today conducted a medicine campaign in the village.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Inspector General of BSF, Shillong Frontier, Harbax Singh Dhilon, today said that he has spoken to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to work together on how to curb the smuggling of sugarcane and rice. Bangladesh.
Aspire Meghalaya plans to visit more than 60 schools in the state and provide training to more than 10,000,000 students this year.
Samla Bainor Rapsang who was the Chief Guest in his speech encouraged the Heprit players to work harder in the future as football has become a priority. To reach the goal requires hard work from childhood and as a young man he will be with the PMYSA at any time they need it.
The northeastern region of India has a lot of opportunities for investment, businesses and startups.
All the leaders at this meeting said that something should be done for the development of Meghalaya and not to be misled by fear.
Shillong, March 20: The HNLC Spokesperson Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media, said that the party has no objection to the day laborers but the house for the you nation.
In a statement sent by KJCLF Secretary Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, he said, “As citizens, it is the responsibility of the voters to take part in the elections to the Legislative Assembly and Parliament. to be able to decide the future of our country through the Government that has been formed and to provide services to the people.
The Bomb Squad and Shillong Police on receiving a tip on the incident, immediately rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the cause of the blast. valid in The Metropolitan Area.
It is also essential in the presentation of a positive message of unity and cooperation.
Such a meeting is the best and closest thing to find and he urged that if possible the same meeting should be held in other parts of India as well.
The meeting was convened and conducted by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, where many of the issues of GHADC were discussed. 2013.
However, it is fortunate that no casualties were reported to all those inside the vehicle, as the police arrived at the scene and the residents did not do anything to them. .
In a letter sent today, the party urged the Chief Minister that the government should take a decision to appoint Bah Hector, if the government does not do so. The party will take steps to force the government.
Shillong, March 09: Two persons have died of an electric shock in the ground floor of a house in Narang village, Ri Bhoi District today.
The Bill to allocate women to the Legislative Assemblies was introduced in 1989. This is his desire to empower women and this will be of benefit if women participate in the political activities, as women also play a major role in economic development.
He said the Government stands with the families who have lost their loved ones.
However, the purpose is to provide strong support for the preservation of the language, culture and traditions of the Khyriem, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Langam, Maram and Diko peoples.
She said that the no-confidence motion she is moving today in fact should have been taken tomorrow after the release of the budget.
