The same rates have been maintained for taxes including import duties.
The PB SHABD platform is designed to provide daily news through video, audio, articles and photos to subscribing media.
The suspects, who were carrying these items, when they saw the BSF troops patrolling in Gangaria village, threw them on the ground and fled the scene. price up to T.31 lakh.
Shillong, July 06: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKDA) has sent nine representatives to the party. Meghalaya President Cup 2020 to be held in Goa on the 8th of this month.
Bah Sadon K Blah said that this proposal is better than the current ILP.
The customs and traditions of the Garo people which have been inherited from the Kulong Kumah which have been given to the woman should not be changed.
The award was welcomed by Dapborlang Marwein, Computer Programmer and Nodal Officer (NEVA), Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and Lawanda Lyndem, Deputy Secretary, Parliamentary Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya. The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Deputy Chief Ministers Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar congratulated the NEVA team and the IT Cell, Meghalaya Assembly for the The Commissioner and Secretary of the Assembly Secretariat, Dr. Andrew Simons, has expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs for recognizing the hard work of the State Government and the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. Assembly Secretariat.
The introduction of the ILP does not mean that we should surround ourselves with tall barriers, but it means that we should surround ourselves with barriers that have barriers to entry and exit by law and not openly.
The incident happened at 3 pm in the morning.
Meanwhile, the HSPDP and KHNAM will support Rev Basaiawmoit.
Meanwhile, in the Jaintia Hills District Council, there are 19 Elaka and there is no Act or Rule for these 18 Elaka Dolloiship and one Sirdarship.
The Chief Minister said that the Hima Mylliem has allocated land to the government and the government employees who have this land have been allocated to the government. The government will not take away the land.
New Delhi, Jymmang 08: The Union Government has directed the State Governments of the North East to ensure that the electricity generation schemes can be completed. them at the right time.
The union demands that the state government should talk to the central government to increase the excise duty to increase the price of petrol and diesel, as Meghalaya will be severely affected by this increase in the price of petrol.
Due to lack of food at Rani BOP, he was brought back to Khanapara Police Station today 26/4/2024 for further investigation.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Meghalaya Right to Information Movement (MIRM) comprising Bah MN Syiem, Angela Rangad, Sadon Blah, Jo Marwein and Agnes Kharshiing, leaders of various civil society organizations in Meghalaya, They expressed their opposition to the central government's plan to amend the RTI Act
Lakiang said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided that there will be no road blockade within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong for these two days and at the same time he requested his friends and neighbors to come to the fete to support the fete. good intentions.
He said that as a nation we have our own customs and traditions, Hima, villages and townships because there are parts that are reserved only for men, so it is necessary to preserve our own customs and traditions. .
On the same day, the GCC will also release a letter written by the Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, to the chiefs of the Khasi Hills.
On the allegation that some cameras have been destroyed, Choudhury said he will find out whether it is true or not, but he said it is true that some cameras have been destroyed.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to take strict measures against banks if they refuse to recognize the banks. Council shall not certify the right of ownership of land when the public wishes to borrow.
When the BSF troops opened the two boxes, they found that the first box contained dynamite, explosives, a magazine, 9 bullets, explosives. 2.640 kilos, Indian rupees, and other items.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that the purpose of the government to register the shops is to find out the number of children working in them. However, according to the complaint received by HANM from the residents, the shops should register their shops and not for the purpose of registering their employees.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister in charge of Textiles, Dr. Kavuru Sambasiva Rao said that NIFT has contributed a lot to the textile industry. long one of the job opportunities if you have to study as hard as NIFT does.
Shillong, July 09: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MLA) has appointed Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MLA from the National People's Party (NPP) as the Deputy Chief Whip of the Government on November 23,
Shillong, Nailur 27: After a meeting with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chairman of the Union of Village Youth Organizations (KHADC), Bah Wanshan Buhphang, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the CEM. Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC, said that the bill to provide information to the Youth Associations of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) has been introduced.
The KSU has also urged those who are in office once the term has expired to retire and not to take over or continue in their jobs so that it will allow others to take over and showcase their skills in the workplace. because there are still many officers who can take over this work.
The Meghalaya government is only a tynshop government and the HNLC has no agenda to talk to the state government.
The union also informed that according to the RTI reply we have received, there is only one contractor in the entire district who has registered foreign workers according to the Work Permit.
It may be recalled that the secretariat has lodged a complaint with the police that two files related to the forest department have been lost.
This is the first time that the university has organized the 1Inter College Quiz Competition 2018 which was held on Thursday.
The BJYM, Meghalaya strongly appeals to all the leaders and the Cabinet to take action and resolve this issue as soon as possible and to strengthen the Mining Policy for the benefit of the people, society and the country. state hi all.
Shillong, July 27: Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Youth Week of Umiam, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Umiam, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the honor goes to those who have contributed to the development of the country. They were the first to introduce the Sixth Schedule and have not been able to have a traditional rule to this day.
Shillong, Naitung 20: A meeting of all human rights organizations today held a meeting at the Diocesan Social Service Society, Mantripukhri, Imphal, Manipur on the theme “To understand the rights of human rights organizations”. rights of indigenous peoples in the North East"
Sorbar said that the presence of land vendors has polluted the tourist spot in the village, which is why the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order ban ban the land vendors. no more sales shall be made in this place.
As part of the celebrations, an online selfie contest will be held by the Ministry of Defense on the MyGov platform from 15-20th July.
Earlier we saw that they demanded outposts in Moojem and Moolber, but now although they demanded only in Psiar or Khatkasla, the state government still says that they cannot set up outposts in these places because they fall under the Khajia border.
Members of the KSU Saphai Unit inspected the electricity posts around Saphai village and found that dozens of electricity posts have been cut down from the bottom due to the negligence and negligence of the authorities. government (MEECL) is not responsible for this.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the president of the RBCC said that the allegation by the KSU that there has been politics in the distribution of relief goods in these days of disaster. The environment in Ranikor Constituency is unfounded.
He was speaking at a meeting held at Umjari village by the RBYDSO on the awareness of the dangers of alcohol.
The JYF has lodged a complaint against these cement plans in East Jaintia Hills District since 2010 on the grounds that they violate the Forest Conservation Act 1980, but the authorities have not taken action. They don't know anything until this moment, but they take what these two organizations outside the border of our state demand to ban coal which could seriously affect their work and income. our people from the least to the greatest.
When the SP News Agency visited the site, it was seen that the work is in progress and the money for the construction of the bridge has arrived at the site along with the workers.
He also advised the children on the ways and means to protect themselves when they go out into the world or when they help anyone in danger.
However, to assist the schools which have not yet received assistance from the government, the District Council has allocated T.36,000/- to assist one school and for one MDC Constituency the assistance will be two schools.
Following the killing of Bangladeshi citizens in Dhaka, the BSF has stepped up patrolling on the border as Bangladesh troops have also sealed some parts of the border. and India and there is a suspicion that these militants who committed the crime in Dhaka may have come to India, Meghalaya.
Khasi according to the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17 August 1948 (IOA & AA) but to this day these activities have been suspended.
Prof.(Dr) George Vithoulkas, Director, International Academy of Classical Homeopathy, Greece, Dr.Anil Khurana, DG(I/C), CCRH, Dr.R K Manchanda, Director Homoeopathy, Department of AYUSH, Government of Delhi, Dr.Subash Singh, Director, NIH, Kolkata, Dr. SRK Vidyarthi, Director, Department of AYUSH, Union Government, Dr. V K. Gupta, India, Dr. Robert van Haselen, UK, Prof. Aaron To, Hong Kong. in front of this meeting.
Out of the 10 EM seats in KHADC, the ARPA has decided that four will go to the UDP and the post of Dy CEM, three to KHNAM and four to the HSPDP. CEM.SP News).
The JSU leaders said that the JSU has been standing firmly against the proposal of Star Cement to mine Mawshun from Brichyrnot to 42.05 hectares as it affects the Lukha River and the river. Lunar and also the proximity of Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary about 2.8 km from the quarry.
Three outstanding students of IIM Shillong, Kashish Sharma, Saagarika Bhasker and Sampada Dubey have received the Aditya Birla Scholarship.
The Governor said that the state has witnessed the protests by the civil society on the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 and their demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state. The Government has convened a special session on 19th November 2019 to take a decision to implement the ILP in the state to protect the indigenous people.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that there is a need for mutual respect and this will bring about a change in the provision of services in the field of health. The government has spent T.2.51 crore on Nazareth Hospital.
He also alleged that the award of contracts under the Saubhagya scheme to companies from Mumbai and Delhi has been awarded at more than 15% of the stipulated price while to contractors from the state shall pay according to the price as stipulated.
The Convocation '17 was concluded with a welcome speech by the Joint Director (I/c) of NIFT, Shillong, CA Mrinal Sajwan.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Despite the heavy rainfall, the residents of Malki village today held a march against the violence against children and women. The march was to protest against the rape of a nine-year-old girl.
“With great sorrow on my part as one of the residents of Mawsynram I cannot just look and many times I have tried to inspect with my own eyes. The problem faced by the people of the area, especially in relation to the daily commuters through this road, is a great heartache. Recently last month I sent a memorandum to the office of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, I expressed many These are the necessary parts of turning through this road not only for the convenience of traveling but also for many benefits and besides being a road that connecting from one country to another as well has attractive benefits in terms of tourism and in terms of income and employment opportunities.
A total of 731 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 today, while 8025 people are still in critical condition.
According to the estimates of the police, the total amount of money and equipment seized has reached T.3 crore. who are ready for this election.
“Because of the excessive complaints of the people regarding the sale of raffle tickets to raise funds for many needs of the party and especially in relation to the project that the party has “We have decided to suspend the sale of raffle tickets,” said Bah Rynniaw.
One round of the conversation is over.
Regarding the state of peace and order in Garo Hills, the NPP has accused the government of failing to bring peace not only in Garo Hills but in the state as a whole. .
In KHADC, there are seven constituencies, the turnout was 75.02 pc. The counting of votes will be held on the same day on the 16th. The two matches will be held at JN Stadium, the two matches will be held at Tyrsem Hall in Nongstoin.
The government has already prepared and taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the election will be held smoothly.
The Office of the DC EJHD, in July this year, has also imposed a ban through the recommendation of the PWD (Road) that vehicles should not be allowed to carry more than 9 tonnes so that There will be no disruption to the traffic of all the people.
There should be regular awareness campaign against crime among students in schools and colleges, members should be invited to work together and a number can be called without any crime. don't care.
According to a statement sent to the media by the Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range), Meghalaya, Davis Nestel R. Marak, Meghalaya Police have received detailed information. from the intelligence agencies on the emergence of this armed group which has started to purchase weapons, extort money, recruit members and commit terrorist acts.
During the visit, the Chief Minister said that the land belongs to the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency, where the government can use the land without looking for land elsewhere.
In the public meeting, the office bearers of the 324 VECs in Mawshynrut C&RD Block, West Khasi Hills, were allowed to speak for 2 minutes to express their views. Initially, the leaders, Sordars and Office Bearers of VECs from the 324 villages, expressed their satisfaction and gave Thanks to the Government of India for this MGNREGS Scheme since it started in these areas in 2008 – 2013, it has started to change the appearance of the villages which never dreamed of getting such schemes.
The Principal Secretaries of the States have been directed to make this public.
The Government of Meghalaya has worked with the three District Councils to preserve the customs and traditions.
Regarding the inspection of the number of people in the area, the inspection will be resumed and this inspection will be only for the employees of the Municipal, as according to the census there are 128 employees of the Municipal. other governments will not have information.
Shillong, July 19: The 14th Children's Tournament of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij (SKSR) was opened today at Madan Weiking Shillong. This is the year
As this land is traded with Bangladesh and the Dorbar Shnong does not know that this was done by the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
The promoted Police Officers are DP Marak, IPS as Inspector General of Police (SB/Border), Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG, IPS as Dy Inspector General of Police (WR), Kong C.A. Lyngwa, IPS as Dy.Inspector General of Police (TAP), Jubi G Momin, IPS as Senior Superintendent of Police (AID), Pawar Swapnil Vasantrao, IPS as Commandant of 1st MLP Bn.
It is to be recalled that on the 10th of this month, the house of NPP MDC from Umsning Constituency, Kong Macgalyne Sawkmie Mawlong at Mawlein Mawkhan village, Sohkyndur, Ribhoi District, was destroyed by robbers. Macdalyne's head was covered with a blanket while she was standing talking on the phone on the ground floor.
After that, there was a discussion and discussion with some of the elders and women, and finally, the distributors of rice from Sohra agreed to distribute and provide good rice. which the people eat and drink.
The government will continue to talk to other companies to come and operate in the area. Regarding the airport, the minister said the government will continue to talk. and the Central Government to improve this and in terms of improvement they will continue to talk.
The opening ceremony was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Shillong.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said, “We have many struggles in all aspects and the KSU will continue to fight on the issues of protecting the country and the nation. You members of the party will take a decision and one of these decisions is on the struggle to protect the country from the infiltration of foreign authorities and foreigners to demand from the government to implement the the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state"
The KSU urges the Khasi people not to be misled by the rumors spread through the media or social media as this will divide and divide the Khasi minority.
Shillong, Lber 21: The JSU Sengkmie today held an emergency meeting at the party headquarters in Jowai and expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the government and the department. Jowai Municipal Board to provide a place to break the nuts that have been gathered for many months in Jowai market.
He said that the construction of 10-kilometre roads in the heart of Shillong and the construction of 20 road junctions has cost more than T.50 crore. Shillong and Tura are still under preparation.
IR Sangma CEO of the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS) said that there are many schemes implemented by the central government and all these schemes are aimed at one goal which is to bring about the development of to empower mothers especially the poor households and to improve the income of those who will be able to overcome poverty.
Police have seized the mobile phone of the mother of the victim and the weapons used in the murder.
Shillong, July 03: Coal India Limited's water pumps have been installed at Ksan at the Box Cutting coal mine in Ksan, East Jaintia Hills District.
The purpose of this money is to pay to the families of those who have died of COVID-19 positive in the state. in the fight against COVID-1
Jowai, Jymmang 09: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that on the 13th and 14th of this month, the sale of kyiad will be banned in Jowai due to the election for the election of the Doloi of Jowai Elaka.
Father Celia in his speech said that the purpose of this celebration is to remember all those who have died from the disease.
Sadly, due to the non-completion of the smart road at Lachumiere, the flooding of the wells has caused the fall of people and vehicles coming to the area have also fallen into the river.
Therefore, the Union through the Union requests the Government to release the MMMCR 2016 from the MMMCR Act
Also present on the occasion were the Daloi of Shangpung Elaka, MDC J.Treilang Suchiang, Seinraij Shangpung Leaders, Members of Khasi Students Union Shangpung Unit and other leaders of the area.
Regarding the Women Empowerment Committee, they are concerned about the welfare of these four children who have been released and said that they have been given protection and assistance to survive. in a proper life.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Ka HANM through the Department of Immigration after receiving a complaint that the Marba Hub has been used illegally and brought in foreigners to work in the country. There has been a blockade by the union of the area, there has been a complaint against each other and now they have reached an agreement.
Replying to a question on the allegation that the NPP leader is involved, the Home Minister said that the law will do whatever is necessary, whether he belongs to any party. the perpetrators of the crime will have to be punished by the law.
The KSU has seen that the Government of India has shown and supported on this issue but the KSU said that a small sign will stir up the spirits of the youth of the Jaitbynriew and the community and if there is conflict within the The District Government should take responsibility.
These meters do not provide the light whether they use less or more light.
The Society is currently struggling to find ways to set up a special health center for children.
The meeting was also attended by government officials in charge of Disaster Management.
They demanded that the students should not be allowed to receive separate training from the teachers after school.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Mulliang Circle, after finding out that there are foreigners selling drugs in Tynghor and other neighboring villages in the border areas, has launched a There is no doubt that drugs will enter the area.
In this regard, the Hima Mylliem has abolished in 2019 the issue of land and NOC for other ethnic groups living under the jurisdiction of the Rynjah Barracks.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, in reply to a call attention of Dr Jemino Mawthoh regarding the report in one of the newspapers that the Marvellene Inn is the place of which is the most popular among the hotels in the city.
The UDP has nominated 52 candidates, the NPP has nominated only 27 candidates, the NCP has nominated 21 candidates and the HSPDP has nominated 21 candidates. up to 18 people.
“However, today, retired Judge of the Meghalaya High Court S. Pande who is also the Chairman of the State Consumers Council has approved to appoint me as Chairman of the Advisory Board,” he said. Come on Paul.
In his speech, Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait said that it is unexpected that such an incident will happen in the world and also in Meghalaya where it has affected the people of Meghalaya. many people and some have lost their lives from this disease.
Certificates and prizes were awarded to the students for their participation in the event. Rangbah Kyrmen Uriah, Editor of Peitngor and Batesi TV, Ricky C Pathaw, UNV-DYS, NYKS were also present. Nongpoh, Bah KR Nongbri, ACT, NYKS Nongpoh and National Youth Volunteers.
Conrad said that this is the first priority and after that, there will be a public announcement on the retirement from this serial number and this is the purpose to correct the number since 1972 and which whichever calculation gets, will be started then and the ones that don't get, will be started from 1.
It is also observed that there are many State Governments which have forgotten this work.
Presenting the report in the House by Ban PN Syiem Chief Executive Member (CEM), he said that on the 16th of this month, the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit, The Governor has ordered that the FIR should be filed before the 25th of this month.
To promote trade for Nongstoin, Rongjeng, Shallang and the entire area, it is necessary to build an 80 km road from Shallang to Maheskhola to reach Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday lodged a petition with the Principal CCF and HOFF of the Forest and Environment Department, Bah RS Gill, demanding the immediate removal of those who have been arrested. legally illegal in Mahadev Ocean.
Therefore, the BJYM calls upon the NGOs, religious organizations and Dorbar Shnongs to work together to fight and condemn such crimes, and also the government should impose severe punishment on them. run.
Thakur is a respected person in the area. On that day, he used to leave his house to collect money from the people as he used to do but in the evening he did not come back. On the other hand, the children have lodged a complaint with the police.
said the secretary.
I have personally visited Tura seven times to ensure that the players and accommodation are adequate,” he said.
In his speech, he said that the youth today see the advances in technology which bring many benefits but also threaten our traditional beliefs.
The Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India is conducting a 'Campaign for Women for Water, Water for Women' to celebrate Jal Diwali from 7th to 9th November,
The CEM of KHADC said that the land was purchased in 2014 during the tenure of CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit when he signed the land purchase agreement. The KHADC will appoint a team of inquiry to find out the truth.
The AIM will continue to demand more and more ways and means to bring about development in agriculture in our own State especially from our fellow countrymen so that it will not affect the farmers or even destroy them immediately. The Meghalaya Agricultural Policy has not been implemented in the State.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) have launched an indefinite strike for five days today against the government's removal of A. Nikhla as the Managing Director of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC). by Coorporation.
The Minister of Home Affairs, after receiving information about the incident, canceled his visit and returned to his home state to see what had happened, he said. a message sent by the Minister of Home Affairs tonight.
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Minister of Assam, Cornad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Hemanta Biswa Sarma, will meet again in Guwahati tomorrow morning to continue talks on the border demarcation. between these two states.
The CEO of Meghalaya said that EVMs and VVPATs will be used at all 3167 polling stations in the upcoming elections. this election.
The book, entitled “Ngait O...” was launched at a meeting held at Yungwalieh, Panaliar Jwai.
When you arrive in Shillong, because it is a place where there are many troops, the people don't know because every three minutes you don't hear the siren on the road. saw on the roof of the cars.
Kabir also acknowledged that Muslims living in Garo Hills were involved in the Hills State struggle at that time.
At this meeting, Prof. Ambika Pati, in charge of SEMIS, encouraged everyone to start their own business and this will achieve the goal of India to reach the goal of self-sufficiency.
Regarding the government buildings in Saitopen Sirdarship, the government should suspend until another arrangement can be made. They are not against the development works but they should come through the right path, he said. u CEM of KHADC. What they have discussed today is only on the issue of land ownership.
In a petition submitted to the Prime Minister's Office, the party has asked for roads, schools, agriculture, sports and health for the people of the West. Khasi Hills has a job that the government has been doing for all these years.
He said the Deputy Commissioners and MDCs, once the full hearing has been completed, will accompany the members of the Committee to visit the villages after the end of the Dorbar Lyiur at the end of November this year.
As your friend, brother, sister, I am confident that I can be your voice in Parliament and in Meghalaya.
“The law needs to work hard to arrest those involved and punish them according to the law,” she said.
Shillong, Lber 18: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from East Khasi Hills, one from North Garo Hills, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills. Jaitnia Hills 1.
Shillong, November 27: The lack of cover of the road at Veronica Lane Laitumkhrah has caused a lot of trouble to the people who walk and stand in this area due to the slowness of the road especially during the rainy season. weather.
Shillong, July 28: The High Court of Meghalaya today upheld the petition filed by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) Latiplang Kharkongor against the Secretariat of the Governor. Meghalaya on the delay in approving the Executive Members who have already been sent.
Police have surrounded the forest and in the early hours of the morning, when the robbers saw the police coming, they opened fire and the police responded. When the shooting stopped, the police stopped and found two bodies.
Referring to the cleanliness, the Prime Minister said it is sad to see that there are those who break the road and he hopes that this road should not turn into a place. bread night.
"“The State Government should take responsibility for encouraging such thieves and those who have a dark mind, the perpetrators should be brought to justice before the authorities of law and justice. it should stand firm,” said Kong Pariat.
He said that the CoMSO has rejected what it has said regarding the ILP, the reason is that it is not useful to get the ILP without the rules that can ban the entry. of people who came from outside the state.
This action of the Minister and the Government violates all the rules regarding the land tenure system, as the civil society organizations will not allow maraw in the name of Roi ka par.
What the public has to do is to keep their hands clean by washing their hands with soap and water. If you are affected by this disease, stay away from others by staying at home and avoid contact with other people until and he shall see the light of his eyes.
Shillong Boys won the trophy with T.10,000/- and Umiew Sports Club won the trophy with T.5,000/-.
There are 67 recoveries today, mostly from East Khasi Hills (36 cases), West Khasi Hills (23 cases), bringing the total number of recoveries to
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: In 2019, the Meghalaya government has implemented a new strategy to monitor the health and care of poor mothers to ensure that they give birth safely. their children, across the state.
Suklang said that in the state, training has been conducted in Nongstoin and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Hundreds of BJP supporters today joined the National People's Party (NPP) to support Ransom Sutnga. and 17-North Shillong constituency.
As it is the smuggling causes many kinds of diseases which are dangerous to the people, as the Seng in its small power has been able to take such a thought to avoid smuggling in it. The Government should expedite the implementation of this scheme through the Swatch Bharat Mission.
The BSF has tightened its security at the border to prevent the smuggling from India to Bangladesh.
However, the surprising thing is that instead of registering themselves to get the recognition from the SMB, these residents held a mass rally in front of the SMB office to carry placards against the SMB. Speaking to SP News Agency, the Chief Executive Officer of the SMB, Bah B Sohlya, said that the office has placed people on the ground floor with the forms to fill up. The office will help them but they don't.
The arrest took place at Sonapur in East Jaintia Hills.
The party has been holding such dance competitions for many years but the government has not yet recognized them. Instead of giving Rs 2 crore to Rock On, the government should have helped them. organize such dance competitions to promote them.
East Jaintia Hills Police said that the road has been blocked and vehicles coming from Silchar have also been stranded and those trying to go to Silchar have also been stranded. kane to the street.
“However, Bah Sanbor's allegation is stingy because he himself does not speak inside the Ingdorbar and does not come to the Ingdorbar.
Replying to another question raised by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the supply of water to the farmland in Them Lyngkien, the Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the DPR has been prepared by WAPCOS Ltd and the report is being reviewed to see if there are any shortcomings.
After passing the Bill, it will be sent to the Government for the approval of the Governor to become law.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the government departments have said that they have not been able to prepare the roster since .
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Government of Meghalaya has issued an order to hold a curfew on the day of cleaning clothes. .
Justice Biswadeep Bhattacharjee was born on 26 October 1968 in Shillong.
To date, 71 textile mills, 10 areas involved in these activities, 13 state government groups and 4 groups related to these activities are covered under the scheme. The target is to have 3.45 lakh beneficiaries after completion of duties and after receiving recognition.
The KSU fully supports this decision taken by the Dorbar Shnong as the editor of the Shillong Times has unfoundedly criticized the youth of the Khasi community especially the residents of Lawsohtun for this incident.
The funds will be used to host the National Games in 2022 when the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary.
: The Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma took part in the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra held at Tynring village in Mawryngkneng Block of East Khasi Hills. District, Meghalaya today.
Shillong, November 18: Speaking at the 79th death anniversary of poet Soso Tham, Shillong, November 18, 2013, the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) is the demand of the people of Soso Tham. state as a whole.
“These people are playing with the lives of people and it is very important to be vigilant against these kinds of people,” said Minister Duh.
Shillong, March 27: Four persons, including three men and a woman, have been arrested for extorting money from the Palace Hotel Barabazar.
The tire lights were installed in the same year
On the part of the SDSMA office, Ms Mawlong said that the inspection is ongoing and there may be more. those who have not yet been counted.
The shopkeepers said that there is a shop that has been covered with tins on the road in Motphran in front of the Assam Motor. can be carried.
The President of the UDP said that as a party with the entry of Monak Sahbong and Welbrith Rani, the party expects that there will be a unity meeting. He said that as the party, we will delegate the responsibilities to them to share in the responsibilities of the party.
At present, many of the patients are in the rural areas and one of the sad things is that many of them buy medicines themselves and the pharmacies should check that the prescribed medicines should be sold according to the prescription of the doctors.
In every village, the IEC campaign should be launched to make the Jal Jeevan Mission a protest of the people.
May this year 2014 be a memorable year in history.
The petition submitted by the union to the Minister of Water Supply is the same as that submitted to the Chief Minister. The party has clarified that the protection is not only for those who come from abroad, but also for those from within the country and also for the influx of other ethnic groups from other states.
He said that this animal is worth lakhs of rupees if it is well bred and the price depends on its small size and people often smuggle this animal because it is a small and easy animal. to carry it, but the trade in this animal is illegal.
Shillong, Lber 03: To express his opposition to the two MLAs, Bah Methodius Dkhar and Bah Shangkliar Warjri, who won the election from the HSPDP party, who went to support the government to lead the party. NPP, civil society organizations which held a rally in Motphran burnt the tyngshop of these MLAs. Speaking at the meeting were Bah Erwin K Sutnga, Bah Donbok Dkhar President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar President of HITO, Bah HYC Vice President Banshai Marbaniang, MPSO President Thomas Passah, Puriti Phawa and Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC have all expressed their opposition to the actions of these MLAs. Regarding the speech of Prestone Tynsong, HITO leader said that they have come out to campaign against and condemn the government. it would be better to expand the jail at least.
Phone: + 91-11-23115656; Email:2) Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, Old MATI Building, Additional Secretariat, Room No-120, Meghalaya, Shillong-793001.
In November 2022, the Deputy Secretary to the Transport Department, Meghalaya Government has received T.1.38/- crore for the Weight Bridge from Umiling, Umling and Killing. Ri Bhoi District, 8Mile (Phramer), Borsora and Bagli, from these three bridges, have received T.2.79/- crore while the Weight Bridge from Majai has not yet paid anything. of July 2023.
On the other hand, the SDO of Mariang announced that the CHC will be closed until all the High Risk contacts of the patient have been tested.
On the other hand, the Congress party has decided to implement the promises it has made to the people during the elections.
These incidents include the arrest of the Waheh Chnong of the area near Block I and the destruction of houses on the border of West Khasi Hills.
Other speakers who spoke on the occasion besides these leaders of these three civil society organizations, were a mother, a Rangbah Shnong and one of the leaders of the Nongpoh Town Dorbar Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Syiem of Nongtham District has been shot dead by a mother at Mawhati Market on charges that three villages under his jurisdiction, Syntumaw, Mawtari, have been destroyed. and Iamkhon, Ri-Bhoi district, illegal fishing in the Umsiang River.
The JSU also demanded that the MLA who is the Cabinet Minister in the MDA Government should immediately talk to the Government to implement the demands of the Seng which are the voice of the people of War Jaintia.
National Youth Day is celebrated every year to commemorate the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, the great philosopher.
Police have registered a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station and are continuing to investigate those involved in the drug trafficking.
In another step towards this goal, the 'Kashi Tamil Sangamam', a month-long programme, will be held in Kashi (Varanasi) which will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister on 19th November.
It has taken 75 years in India for a foreigner to become the Minister of Justice in India. To hold this post is not an honor for Kiren Rijiju but an honor for all. a northeastern part of India and honors the people of India as a whole.
Alantry said not only the Congress from Assam but also the Punjab Congress has written to former Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh to allow Hindus from Pakistan to come to India. The UDP leader asked how the Congress can say that it is against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
Police and magistrates accompanied by the ministers of the Hima Mylliem today saw with their own eyes the food shop which was closed today, but did not do anything to take away the shop. from your bag you don't.
He also visited the construction of the Laitkor Pomlakrai Laitlyngkot road, in order to improve the accessibility of the area through the roads.
“If the Government is serious about this issue and while the Government of India is reading the Resolution, the State Government should implement its own law by setting up the gates in “It is the first time to show how successful the implementation of this Act is and how much it can detain people who enter the state without proper documents,” said the President of the KSU. In the past few months we have been monitoring this issue when we met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah (Bah Prestone Tynsong) he said that the Government of India has returned the MRSSA to the State and we have only seen efforts to implement MRSSA in some villages," he said.
This is to be balanced between income generation and environmental protection and protection of workers in the coal mines.
(implementation /achievement of Plan Schemes under Water Resources, Irrigation & Flood Control (including Major, Minor & Command Area Development ) Departments.
Before concluding his speech, he requested the beneficiaries that although the donation is small, they should donate. Welcome with pleasure the preparation of the Seng in the shortest possible time.
In the women's category, East Khasi Hills won 14 medals including 8 gold, 4 silver and 2 bronze medals while West Jaintia won the title. Hills won 14 medals, 5 gold, 4 silver and 5 bronze medals.
Speaking on the role of the North East in traditional health services, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “Our North East is blessed with nature and its gifts have given us opportunities. that we have given care since time immemorial.
According to a complaint lodged by the family members of the Rynjah Police Station , the children were on their way to school in the morning but did not return home parents parents.
Claudia Lyngwa was laid to rest this evening before taking over as Commandant of the 3rd Battalion Khlieh Tyrshi, Jowai.
When the militants saw the arrival of the police, they ran away and in the exchange of fire three militants were killed.
The union also congratulated the SBI ICAR Complex Branch for being willing to help the needy families in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Congress Leader Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh today in the presence of Process T Sawkmie, Mohendro Rapsang, MPCC President Vincent H Pala and Karnes Sohshang MDC. They have sent a letter to the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, demanding that the names of the 12 MLAs should be recalled.
Answering questions, Bah Daiapherbha said that they will not appeal to the NGT because the NGT is still a tribunal and falls under the Supreme Court. They have written to the villages to inspect the Lukha River but they have not yet issued a report.
According to sources, the incident occurred after an attempt by the Rangbah Shnong to force the pandit to perform the puja. accept.
The DRI office in Surat in collaboration with the officers of CGST Vadodara-II, raided the office of M/s Yamuna Building Material, GIDC Panoli, Bharuch and money. T.48,90,96,000/- was seized from the placards. The raid was completed on the 8th and 9th November.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Dr. Mukul praised the MRB for opening these online branches which will be of great benefit to all the depositors of the bank.
At the same time, he urged the village civil society organizations if they have any information about drug dealers, not to arrest them themselves and inform the police because if they arrest them, the case will die.
The vacancies are in Ri Bhoi, East Jaintia Hills and West Hills Districts. The salary ranges from T.2745-50-4245 and the work will be for three hours only.
Ravi Shankar Prasad today said that on behalf of the Government of India, freedom of the press brings about political development as recognized by the Constitution of India and this is recognized by law in the country. different decisions.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged the people to be vigilant to protect themselves from this disease as by thinking together we can prevent the spread of this disease.
Speaking to reporters, she said that although she has lost this election, her service to the people will continue because the election is not a day's work but a day's work. three years which affected the death toll of the people.
In his speech, the Assistant District Sports Department said that this is to identify children who have sporting talents in order to promote them to higher levels in their sports.
Due to this incident, there was a traffic jam for about four or five hours until the vehicle was searched and the body of the driver of the vehicle was recovered.
Shillong, July 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday 20th July 2022 under the leadership of Samla Sarphosly Rongrim President KSU Mawshynrut Circle. donated tins of household items to a family in Nongmisei.
If they accept, they have to submit a letter to the government and the government will sit before the SSC to select the qualified persons to fill this post under the Police Act, from among the police chiefs who have been appointed. The SSC will select one of their number to become the full time DGP.
About an hour after the incident, the DSP and the incharge of Mawlasnai Outpost arrived at the village. The SP, DSP, ADM and Border Magistrate from Assam arrived at the village. the SP of Hamren West Karbi Anglong.
Speaking to reporters, Mrs Saigal said that the competition was held in Guwahati in five states of India. They came to take part in this competition.
The swearing-in ceremony will be held on 17th November 2019 at Raj Bhavan Shillong at 12.00 pm.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the College, Bah Lawanpynbiang War and the welcome speech was delivered by the Vice Principal, Aida C War.
Those who do not have Aadhaar will have to register their Aadhaar to get this ration. Once they have received their Aadhaar they will have to take it to the office of the SDO Sohra.
The Minister in charge of Forests said that according to the EIA announcement of the Central Government in 2006, it is clear that those coal mining factories whose production exceeds 2,50,000 Mt per annum must receive Permission from MOEF and CC and those producing 25,000 Mt to 2,50,000 Mt have to get permission from SEIA. The Minister said that all factories have to get permission from MSPB. , 25,000 Mt of industries fall under the ambit of the EIA announced by the central government in 2006.
The government has decided to open all shops in the state except in Shillong.
Speaking to media , the Additional Deputy Commissioner , Bah BJ Kharshandi , said that since Ri Bhoi District has been selected as one of the Aspirational Districts in India , in 2019 it has ranked first in terms of the implementation of the works that are necessary.
The protest was held at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
The raid was successful, although the enforcement personnel had loaded the largest amount of tums inside the small trucks, not a single foreign trader could say anything.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
An MDC from Mawhati Constituency on Tuesday was elected as the new Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Director to take action as soon as possible and if this demand is not met, the union will not hesitate to take another stronger measure, said the statement. .
Because of his inability to develop the alphabet of the Khasi language.
Maligaon, Jymmang 29: Police of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway have seized drugs worth T.35.49 worth of drugs packed in plastic bags from Guwahati. lakh rupees.
When the Meghalaya Police and some of the village elders approached the scene, the residents of the Karbbi side who were near the temporary camp threw stones and cleaned them with jri. .
Once again, the union urges the department in charge of public health to take action on this issue.
He also explained that he came to these places to hear what caused this incident to lead to bloodshed.
UNI PHOTO-1New Delhi, July 10: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modiun will inaugurate the 25th National Youth Festival on July 12, 2022 at 11 am in Puducherry via video. conferencing.
People belonging to SCs and STs along with women entrepreneurs are willing to work but they may face some obstacles in their efforts to turn their visions into realities.
As the union, we expect that the government will soon complete the requirements to send for the construction of these Sub Centers so that it will be of benefit to the people of the area as a whole.
The MHA will monitor the full implementation of these guidelines.
It is difficult for him to explain all the details related to the revision of the Office Memorandum, Conrad said.
For the benefit of the minorities, Agens urged the Additional SP to send an inquiry into this matter for the benefit of the minorities.
“At present, 20% to 30% of the villages on the border have such border disputes, but in fact they don't have mutual border disputes. Cornad K Branch.
On the part of the Director of the Hospital, Dr AG Ahanger, he took the initiative to ensure that the exercise was a success.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has recently issued a government notice on the villages, townships and areas to fall under the Umsohlait Police station, by separating it from the existing Umsning.
He said the Government has already prepared a donation to assist anyone affected by the earthquakes, house collapses and other incidents in the next 24 hours.
He said that so far only the Mawlai Town Dorbar has received financial assistance from the Government to improve the lives of drug addicts. collaborated with about 10 groups to fight against drugs through the DREAM programme.
LPS.Nongummer Govt.
Referring to the construction of the Tura Medical College, the Chief Minister said that the construction has progressed slowly.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The HNYF Central Body (NEIPF) will hold a confirmation ceremony on February 5, 2019 at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai Iewrynghep at 12 noon.
The incident inside Garojan village has delayed the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam in which Assam has not respected the name that the village will fall under Meghalaya.
“Now, all of you are important partners in our journey of nation building,” said the Prime Minister and urged them to contribute with all their might to achieve the country's goal.
The body of the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
It is shameful for the MUDA to see that it has led up to four buses and many Gypsy vehicles of the police to evacuate the households who are the poor residents.
The Federation of Khasi States has also written to the NHRC and sent a letter on 16 June 2012 from the National Human Rights Commission (Law Div) saying that this issue cannot be resolved by Parliament. power of Parliament to carry out this task.
Police have informed the Tura Police Station and Tura Police have informed the WT Message to his wife in Upper Wadanang in Tura. SI Sangma has not been appointed for more than 10 years.
After receiving a detailed information, the BSF troops went to the banks of the Khasimara River and found these drugs and mobile phones securely in the boxes.
A few days after a patient complained about the negligence of the nurses working at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Kong Bindas Syiem has expressed the same negligence of the nurses at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital. hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Rap Blah, President of the Union, said that this incident has affected not only the Kynton Massar or Mawlai Town Dorbar, but all the Dorbar Shnongs in the country. Hynniewtrep.
Speaking at the seminar, Amit Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, it has been decided to strengthen the Primary Agricultural Credit Societies (PACS) in financial terms by merging them. and other activities and that today this goal has been extended.
The CEM was accompanied by Bah A War, Irin Lyngdoh G Kharpuri, L Blah, Titus Chyne, Enbin K Raswai, Rasor Rani, Kennedy Khyriem and others.
Furthermore, the party also stressed the need to ensure that the policy is intended only for the Bhah Thungkam but not for other purposes.
Shillong, July 12: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today inaugurated the Raj Bahvan in Tura. Speaking at the Governor's residence in Tura, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma, Marcuise N Marak Minister and Agatha Sangma MP. Conrad K Sangma said the idea of ​​having a Raj Bahvan in Tura started in 2009 and after 16 years it has been inaugurated today by the Governor of Tura. Hills entire in which he congratulated the Lat who opened today.
Police have found the body on the 8th of this month, but for two days they have not found any evidence of who it is and what is their name. If you have any information, please call the police at 0364-2
The development of indigenous areas is an important task of the Government while preserving the rights, language and culture of the indigenous people.
Avoid entering damaged buildings, check electricity posts that have started to collapse, wires, seek assistance as much as possible, meet regularly with ANMs, ASHAs and First Aid teams before taking medication.
Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Prof. Najma Akhtar, Vice-Chancellor, Jamia Millia Islama University, teachers, students and other officials attended the function. sun.
Shillong, Nailar 01: A total of 589 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 233 in West Khasi Hills and 89 in West Khasi Hills. to 6043 people.
Krinson Kharbuki from Umsning, Ribhoi District, said that the Syiem should immediately revoke the post of Minister of Zubestar Kharbuki by the 26th of April. They from Mawpat have staged a hunger strike in front of the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima at Mawkhar.
On this occasion, the state police have also strengthened their security at the area to ensure that there will be no incident during the distribution of foodgrains.
Five people have been admitted to hospital during the four days of protest.
The Shnong strongly warns against foreigners who enter the village illegally without the knowledge of the Shnong, because even the villagers are not allowed to come without the knowledge of the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong. people who are outside the state illegally.
Those who wish to withdraw from the PMCA will be accepted until the 28th of this month which is Friday.
However, the state government has issued an order to pay T.14,392/- to UP schools and T.13,335/- to LP schools.
In Garo Hills, the road from Damra NH217 to Bajengdoba via Mendipathar will be constructed for 38km.
The purpose of this program is to shut down the brains of children so that they are efficient in retaining the lessons and knowledge explained to them.
Speaking to reporters at his office today , he said that the NEC 's proposal will be presented to the Governing Body , where all the Governors and Chief Ministers will attend. The North Eastern States of India are members of the council. If approved, it will come into force from the fiscal year 2017-2
Therefore, the union urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take action in these areas, as there are many poor households in these areas. and they need access to health services from government hospitals.
The KSUP Leader said that these people want to create ethnic differences and this cannot be accepted at all. but they will also do so in other states of India.
He urged the people to be vigilant and also to refrain from money laundering which will turn into a real trade route and not to bring cleanliness among the residents who were with the MLA. The following speech was delivered by the candidate of the Congress party from this constituency who praised the central theme that the group has brought forward to build the future by standing up especially on the rights and freedoms. the truth about how to become a full voter.
The union said that if the government has not ordered them to test, they should be sent especially those who have just joined and those who will join and all these soldiers should take the primary test. There is no separate testing center before entering the state.
“It is difficult for them to return to their villages to improve their agriculture after completing their studies if the PWD road is like this,” said Bah KS Rani Vice President HNYF Central Body. The Saw Shnong Development Council (SSDC) under the leadership of Bah Dmanson Thongny Morbah, President and Rangbah Shnong of Pyndenwar, Bah Dmanson Thongny Morbah, President and Rangbah Shnong of Mawpud, inspected the road. Mawpud Village Minister Roling Stone Wanniang, Village Secretary and others together with HNYF under the leadership of Bah KS Rani, Vice President HNYF Central Body, members of HNYF Ranikor Circle and HNYF Border Area Circle, expressed their regret over the insult to the villagers. Government and the leaders of the old PWD road in the state which has been implemented since
He admitted that the supporters of the Congress party have now left and joined the UDP. He admitted that those who have joined the Congress party are more than 3,0 .
We feel that this government is against the development of the youth,” she said.
Cordilia B Rynjah said that the purpose of this meeting is to encourage the children to go to school, this is especially for the children who have dropped out of school and who can read even up to the age 59 years.
The goal also made him the second-highest scorer this year, behind only Shillong Lajong’s Deibormame Tongper (8 goals).
Meghalaya falls into the first phase of the Lok Sabha elections, where the state has only two constituencies, 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency and 2-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency. Tura (ST) Parliamentarty Constituency.
The union urges the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District especially the BDO of Bhoirymbong to send immediate relief to the village affected by this natural disaster.
The two MDCs urged the CEM to take action by allocating funds from the 13th Finance Commission to set up an office in the new district.
The Minister of State for Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on Saturday visited Nongpriang Village, Sohra Civil Sub-Division to express his condolences on the death of four persons in the earthquake. their residence that happened lately.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Adokgre C&RD Block in North Garo Hills District in the presence of MLAs Rupert Momin and Pongseng Marak.
Paul Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Ministry of Transport, Social Welfare and others.
In this regard, the Union Minister promised to provide his support.
The bridge has been under construction for two years but has not been completed due to lack of materials.
The Minister said that the members have won today but the victory belongs to the whole NDRF. the sense of security of the entire team.
The complaint was regarding the deterioration of the road and the collapse of the bridges to demand the construction of the bridge at Wah Lakroh on the Muktapur-Borkhat road where the RCC structure has collapsed in parts. not the end of me.
In this regard, the CEO said that this target is not what they want to set but there is a shortcoming in that many people have not registered themselves on the electoral roll and those who will you are 18 years old.
The logo, theme and website of our G-20 Presidency will reflect India's message and country's objectives around the world.
Referring to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Chief Minister has explained what the government should do to strengthen the work of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with political parties held at the Secretariat, Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma expressed his gratitude to all those who came to take part. in this meeting.
Mawkyrwat, July 13: About 4,000 people today flocked to Mawsaw village in South West Khasi Hills to take part in a march to condemn the murder of Tekstarly Lyngkhoi. was 18 years old in the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that he is responsible for the party's defeat in the mid-term MLA elections.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (which includes the Federation of Khasi States, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Ri Hynniewtrep, the Dorbar of Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas) Telinia Thangkhiew, MDC Chairperson, KHADC, Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA & MDC, Chief Executive Member (CEM) KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Deputy Chairman, KHADC, and Laitsing Shylla, MDC Chairman, JHADC, and Thombor Shiwat, MDC, JHADC, who were recently elected as the Chairman of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
In the midst of our hard work to showcase the image of tourism in Meghalaya through the Cherry Blossom Festival, these traders are trying to devalue the glory of our state,” said the Minister. Rangbah ha rynsan X. “I appreciate the dedication of the Police under the leadership of DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi.
The Central Government should fully implement the Assam Accord, have a policy for the North East in terms of education, should resolve the border between the two countries. state and the same as Bangladesh.
The letter was sent to the President of the UDP on 4/7/2018 and the party today welcomed the former MLA and his supporters to the UDP. Shillong, Naitung 06: Meghalaya is a state that produces many varieties of soh and one of the most important varieties of soh. The best producer so far is Sohphan which is the best producer in the state.
Along with Digital India, Prime Minister Duh has also launched the Start-up India campaign and in a short period of time, India has started producing unicorns,” said Mittal. With the advent of 5G, I am confident that the country will produce many unicorns.
Police said that they are working with this leader to curb crimes against rape of women.
The CEM of KHADC has expressed his deep sorrow over the incident which has affected the students of Kyntiew Shaphrang School in Laitlyngkot. This may have been due to the lack of responsibility of the health department to provide these drugs.
Initially, the school was held in a small building with only one teacher and now with the hard work of the leaders of SCYO&C and with the assistance of the Government through the SSA grant, the school has been established. There are now 65 students and two teachers and one assistant.
According to information received, the seizure of coal stored in the depot in East Jaintia Hills has happened in recent days and the seized areas have been marked by the District Magistrates. put coal.
“Our wise Prime Minister Duh cares for the people in need,” he said.
Ed, the first team of 2013 from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District, will arrive on the same day and must bring with them the results of their tournament. Shillong, November 02: Mawdaker Marwein, 2nd Command of the Border Wing Home Guards Battalion, Meghalaya, has participated in the shooting competition organized by the Meghalaya State Shooting Association. He won the gold medal in the 22nd Riffle 50 Meters at the 3rd Meghalaya State Shooting Championship.
The meeting was conducted by Kong Matsiewdor Nongbri, Director, Sports Department, Government.
The incident took place at RongBinggre village in East Garo Hills District.
The meeting was led by KSU Balat Border Area Circle President Bonsen Snaitang and General Secretary Wankit R. Thongni.
The meeting was held in Sylhet, Bangladesh in November 2016 to discuss how to maintain peace and order on the border between the two countries. Shillong.
He said that before 1994, there were doctors of the government veterinary department who examined the cows to ensure that they were safe to transport into Meghalaya. bam doh, but until that year, there were no doctors in this area.
In his speech, the Additional Chief Secretary BK Dev Verma urged the people to exercise their right to vote.
After signing the register of the police out post, the Chief Minister said that the police should work in this area and should remember that their presence is long to help the people.
The officers were invited to discuss the state of law and order in Shillong. It is worth mentioning that in recent days there has been a burning of police vehicles in Laitumkhrah in which four persons have been arrested. The house of Dr. Ampareen, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nongrim Road, Laitumkhrah.
Carigmadem Shadap won the title of Princess of KNGC 2017 and Bah Isynei Dkhar won the title of Prince of KNGC
In the first constituency, West Garo Hills has 81.38 per cent.
Mayborn Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM), told SP News Agency that they have discussed this issue many times with the officers but it has not been done. They have reached anywhere and now they want to talk directly to the government.
Shillong, Nailur 23: All India Radio, Shillong has invited applications for the post of journalists in the Government Radio. , Resubelpara, Williamnagar, Tura and Ampati.
The team will be led by Lieutenant Colonel Jitendra Singh Mehta and the Gun Position Officer will be AIG Anil Chand.
The MP said that the NH-06 is a very important road passing through Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura and Mizoram and it needs to be improved.
Saskatchewan alone exports musli to the world worth $20 billion while India exports musla to 10 billion dollars.
The elections will be held in two districts in Meghalaya, East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills. Election Commission of India.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will introduce the Bill in the current session in order to strengthen the Kur Ka Jait.
of Meghalaya and the Department as a whole for opening the doors for the youth of the state to participate in such Youth Festivals.
Tura, Naitung 20: U Ali, a driver of a vehicle who was kidnapped by militants seven days ago, has escaped on Saturday night. .
Ronnie admitted that during the MUA government alone, we earned up to Rs 1500 crore per annum from coal.
These files were between 2006 and 19th 2014. These two files were found missing from the office of the Forest Department at the Secretariat.
The District Administration especially in Shillong has scheduled the ceremony to start at 10 pm and end at 3 pm. can be completed before the scheduled time.
Regarding the revenue of the state government, it has declined for six months and it is expected that in the next two months it will start to increase again as many jobs have been created.
Shillong, July 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a celebration to fight against drug trafficking and drug trafficking. He today launched the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) with the aim of fighting against this evil.
Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District Arpit Upadhaya, Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanao, former SP Ri Bhoi District Giri Prasad and other senior police officers were present at the funeral. Salami was witnessed by the Ribhoi Police Station.
Section 12 of the Act requires the office of the Child Development Project Officer to arrange for an Aadhaar photograph center if there is no Aadhaar photo center in the Block and the center shall be in a convenient location. the people in collaboration with the District authorities.
Through this Lecture Theatre, video conferencing and telemedicine projects will be shared with other educational institutions including those in the North East.
Regarding the demand for ILP, the civil society groups said that they have to discuss this with their own political parties, but as it is now, these two laws can prevent it from coming. tuid that person who is outside.
This allegation came from three shopkeepers at Lum Survey, who are also fighting a case against the owner of the land.
Shillong, Nailar 05: Twenty persons, 19 civilians from East Khasi Hills District and one BSF personnel from West Garo Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19 till 10 am today.
According to the RTI, in the year 2014-15 under the National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture Rainfed Area Development scheme, T.15,55,000/- was released by the Ministry of Agriculture. Development Officer, Saipung Block to several farmers.
The main demand of the FCI employees is to get their pension and other benefits that they should get as government employees.
On the other hand, the CSWO said that the master has to look after all these things and those who do too much will be punished.
He said that the problem faced by the employees is the non-payment of their salaries by the MCCL for working overtime and not receiving their salaries.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The special training for MLAs of Meghalaya in Parliament which started on the 29th of this month has ended today.
The Dorbar will also discuss the implementation of the Ministry of Home Affairs' statement in these letters, When we are reminded by the Ministry of Home Affairs, (MHA) Government of India, that the Governments/Councils should expedite the legislation on the Customs and Traditions.
Most of them were Italian missionaries.
Shillong, November 06: The Garo Students Union (GSU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills to demand that the government should set up a Meghalaya Public Service Commission. (MPSC) in Williamnagar.
The party has already sent you a letter explaining how the decisions on the MDC tickets from the two constituencies were taken and there is no need for them to explain more than what they have already done. report.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lui Suting, President Nonghulew Sports and Cultural Club. Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Timothy Mylliemngap, Secretary Bah Rony Roy Suting. Headmaster of Nonghulew Village, Dwin Suting.
Although there is, there is a lack of engagement with the villages and their participation in the legislative process, where it is necessary for the government to have leaders to support the police so that they can enforce the laws that will fight against drugs," he said.
In his letter of resignation, Sangma said that as of now, the people have not accepted the party formed by PA Sangma.
“This behavior of these dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District shows that they want only to destroy our natural resources without any regard for our youth. “The KSU has completed various degrees and is qualified to work in that field,” said the KSU. They should not hesitate to publish anything in the media of the state.
According to scientists on the effects of radiation from mobile towers on health, it has been found that low powered, non-ionizing radiation from mobile towers does not affect human health. .
The KSU has sent a statement to the government to listen to the demand of the residents of Mawsynram area and immediately grant a Civil Sub Division to this area without any conditions.
The KSU also urges the district authorities especially the current Deputy Commissioner not to interfere in the issue of land to be sold to the BSF. “There is a public meeting to explain the danger of having a military base,” said Nongrem.
At this meeting, the MLAs urged Dr Joshi to appoint a spokesperson for the party in Meghalaya to be the spokesperson between the media and the party. any topic that has to be talked about.
Shillong, July 23: The JSU has sent a letter to the government for failing to provide assistance to the families of 67 refugees who died due to wildfire in Lamin village.
Dozens of students carrying placards with slogans against the school on the lack of accommodation and other needs of the students at the school. Sir.
In this regard, EJHTO&TA extends its full support to the SWS East Jaintia Hills District, the KSU Narpuh Circle and the JSM Eastern Region. Shillong, Nailur 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle through this statement wishes to send a message to the authorities responsible for the immediate repair of this road. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and the Assam government have urged the Karbi people to stop their violence against the border residents. You are born in the state of Meghalaya.
After the meeting with the Governor, the GOC-in-C also met with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, where they discussed the issues of peace and stability and ways and means to achieve peace and stability. work together if there is a natural disaster.
Police on the 12th arrested Sanjit Singha from a vehicle number ML-04A-4819 from Byndihati village and seized 1.48 grams of heroin from him.
From the beginning, the residents of Domiasiat and surrounding villages have strongly opposed the plan of UCIL to mine uranium and also to set up a shlem to mine uranium at Mawthabah.
Explaining on the basis of the university's position, SP Sharma, who is the legal advisor for the university, said that the confusion that has arisen in these days from the university. The action of the Governor, who is a Visitor of the University, allegedly has caused a disruption in the operation of the University.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the government should arrest and punish these people who have committed this crime of shooting women and also to resolve the issue as soon as possible. border within the area, along with the provision of assistance to those who have suffered in this incident.
Paibaskhem Kharkongor stood 5th position Geography with 75.88%.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that the COVID-19 pandemic has spread to the public and there is no cure for the disease. Social Distancing, Mask and Sanitization, hand washing regularly, these are the three SMS characters. The people have to protect themselves from this COVID-19 pandemic if everyone does this it will prevent the spread of this disease.
The Seng leaders expressed their opposition to the proposal by various Puja Committees to continue to burn idols in the Lukha River which could damage the plants and fish in the river.
Speaking to reporters, Metbah said that the decision to support Pyniaid MDC and Chairman of KHADC was taken by the party supporters from Mawryngkneng constituency. accepted by the party as a whole.
He saved the country from turmoil in the 1990s, when there was political turmoil in the country.
He said that there are between four and five people involved in the robbery of the bank. Police are conducting a search warrant before arresting the suspect. they.
He also lauded the various District Councils in the State in their new journey as they delve into the field of research where the State Government, starting from this year has given a research fund of Rs.50 lakh to each District Councils.
It is true that before this announcement came from the Prime Minister, the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem had started.
In Shillong, all the parishes will hold the blessing of the Mountain of Knowledge in their respective parishes on Sunday.
As an organization that has a concern for the future of the students.
The KSU will continue to look for ways and means to provide assistance to the people in the village.
The Kur Thangkhiew Lai-kpoh also sends its best wishes to all those refugees who have suffered this incident and wishes them a healthy body. The Kur has sent a message to the EC-KHADC to encourage the EC-KHADC to stop the incident. The mynder have been involved in the Khasi Hills.
The life of this coffee industry now rests with the Coffee Board of the Central Government which continues to encourage people to work in this industry but due to the lack of staff it has not been able to do much work in the country. convince the people that the farmers will survive.
Raphael Warjri also announced the establishment of the Barikor Prithpal Singh Sehdave Memorial Award in the name of Barikor Prithpal Singh Sehdave.
In this attempt by the Seng to deport these people who came to Assam, they were attacked by Khasi who claimed to be traders and claimed that they were the ones who brought these people to buy jhur.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: The oldest Jeep in Shillong was built in 1942 and is still being maintained by Bah Ashok Lyngdoh. They also came to participate in the public rally which started from Shillong Club.
After being appointed as the Chief Secretary, Suchiang will also be the Chairman of the State Vigilance Commission.
Bah Bina said that the festival is held for two days and many of the villages from far away stay from the first day of the festival in the village where the festival is held until the end of the second day.
During the meeting with the Governor, the role of the CRPF in maintaining peace and order in the area was discussed.
To date, Meghalaya has won 15 gold, 9 silver and 17 bronze medals and the state has won 41 medals.
The two organizations in the meeting condemned the office for not providing information to the public so that the public will not remain in darkness but will understand the reason for the lack of electricity even for a few days.
This will be for those who have passed in the Top 20 in the Class-X and Class-XII examinations or any examination of their grades, equivalent to Class-X and Class-XII, who are The type of examination is not recognized by any State Government or the Government of India.
In his opening remarks, Bah T Dkhar, Commissioner and Secretary of Meghalaya, recalled the earthquake in 1897 when the earthquake reached 8.2 magnitude. It is necessary due to the emergence of multi-storey buildings in Shillong and the North East as a whole.
He said that the number of donations has increased since the year.
“Since the creation of Meghalaya, the State Reservation Policy issued on 12th July, 1972, the percentage has been implemented for the education sector for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo without having the percentage. This is not specified in the Reservation Policy.
He said the day was celebrated to raise awareness about the impact of pollution on the environment.
He spoke about 5G opportunities in various sectors such as education and environmental sectors.
The office of the Income Tax Department of the Central Government in Meghalaya is located across the road from the Secretariat of Meghalaya.
: Umsong Umribam, Umribam, Umrina, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Nongbir, Umribam, Umribam, Umrina, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai , Mawkuri, Nongkyrlem and Nongkynrih.
Officials from the road construction department of the state government told SP news agency that the land fee has been sanctioned to be paid to the people and this amount has reached T.180 crore.
Shillong, March 10: The total number of vaccinated people in Meghalaya has risen to 16,03,789 so far, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today.
Prestone said that it should be understood that the state is a difficult place to go through, it should be understood that this should not be just spreading false information to mislead the people.
This time they have tried inside SWKH District and this time too the union will oppose and will not allow to set up a military base near the uranium deposits.
On this occasion, the Sengkmie Leaders have been able to sworn in and confirm the Office Bearers of this Unit in the presence of the Riew Rangbah and the residents.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Chief Minister of Assam, Cornad K Sangma today announced that he will discuss the border issue with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in Shillong on the 23rd of this month. It will be only a meeting to set a date for the talks in Guwahati.
A meeting was held by MLA and MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum on 25/6/18 at Mission Dorbar Hall and the resolution of the meeting signed by MLA and MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum was sent to the CEC. The Central Observers of the meeting were sent to the CEC. On the other hand, the Secretary of 17North thanked the people for the decisions of the meeting.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club today, Bah Morningstar Khongthaw and the elders of the villages who own the tree bridges said that they are against this proposal of the government. the meeting without the knowledge of the land owners and owners of the wooden bridges.
In a statement, Bah Rani said that the protest will be held at two places, one in Shillong and one in Tura.
The awards ceremony was held on the 22nd of this month for the students of Sohiong area who have passed well in various examinations of the year
This rule will apply only to slow vehicles.
There are plenty of opportunities for nature-based and recreational tourism activities.
The union has seen the government's announcement that those colleges which have just joined NEHU do not have to write the CUET examination, but those who wish to study in the colleges run by NEHU must write the CUET examination. that and the exam.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) today visited Umktieh Pyllun village under the leadership of its president Bah Baiateilang Lapang to inspect the flooding of rice fields in Umktieh Pyllun village. build the airport at Umroi.
U Bah Paul said that there will always be some shortcomings in the work but what Ampareen Lyngdoh has already said that the shortcomings will be addressed is enough.
There have been 11 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 8 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has always spoken to the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah. He said that after the Republic Day they can meet.
Meghalaya Home Minister James K Sangma has said that it is not surprising for any state to send youths who have been selected in any special group to undergo special training in other countries. state.
This year, 946 policemen have been awarded the President's Police Medal for Gallantry, 205 have been awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry and 89 have been awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry. the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service and 650 received the Police Medal for Meritorious Service.
The COMSO leader urged the people that the demand for ILP should not be only for the civil society or the MLAs, but for the people who are not only the leaders but also the people. the protest must be of the people.
During the meeting, the MP of Tura requested the Union Minister to open a Passport Office in Meghalaya and to set up an office in Tura. .
There are 20 recoveries from the disease today, 37 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
The DC said that the shooting of the vehicle in which he was riding was shot and the people saw that it was the vehicle in which he was riding because at the time of the shooting there was no vehicle. pat except for your car alone.
By paying attention to the provision of more transportation opportunities and also through the PM Gati Shakti, these benefits will increase over time.
The Chief Minister also spoke at the meeting on the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) which is a scheme which has provided a lot of assistance to the people of the state. it is to fulfill what the people want.
Speeches were also received from others.
Police said that seven more persons have been arrested today. The investigation is ongoing and police hope to arrest more if there are anyone involved in the robbery.
No matter how poor a person is, if he is healthy, he is the richest person in his life.
The drivers in Byrnihat have been stranded due to the curfew.
The public has been advised to avoid driving in flooded areas and to avoid near electricity poles and for school children not to cross streams during heavy rains. Tourists should not be brave in the rivers and streams.
At the same time, he said that if those civil society organizations are concerned about the influx of foreigners, this is the time for them to give their opinion to the government on how to stop the influx of foreigners. Referring to the demand of TUR to amend the PMDA and MMPO Act, the Prime Minister said that there will be no law that can be implemented without being passed by the House. The Dorbar is the Parliament and the Legislative Assembly of the States.
The Congress-led Government in Meghalaya has become one of the biggest businesses in the State, especially those politicians who are in power. The Khadar rule in the State, even to lie and hide the truth, they don't care or feel guilty when the world knows and sees everything. stad, that it is for this reason that the Khaddar administration in the State has not been smooth but has been covered up only to punish the wealthy companies who have set up illegal factories in Jaintia Hills District.
The district authorities have announced a compensation of 3 lakh tyngka to the families of the victims.
In a judgment issued on 7th October, the Division Bench comprising Chief Justice S Vaidyanathan and Justice W Diengdoh said, “In this regard, the criminal appeal has been dismissed. The sentence of remand was issued by the Court on 08.07.2022 and the order of remand was issued on 11.07.2022 by the Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong. In Special POCSO Case No.5 of 2018, the accused will be sentenced to imprisonment for 50 years and fined T.20,000 and if he does not pay the fine, he will have to imprison for another three months.
“Therefore, on behalf of the Petroleum Dealers Association, Meghalaya, we appeal to the public to be vigilant about these incidents from now on,” said Bah Khyriem.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to KAS for accepting him as a member of the party.
He said that the Governor has directed that all the actions performed by the District Council Judges under the Rules of Administration of Justice and Police in Khasi-Jaintia Hills 1937 and in Garo Hills shall fall under the provisions of the Code. of Criminal Procedure, 1973 and also the Code of Civil Procedure
The distance of the district headquarters, Haflong, from Shillong is 240 kilometers and the road is very bad.
According to a statement issued today by the PIB, the Central Government has received information that some people have used people to exchange people in the same country. or a person who has gone three or four times to prevent this since morning allowed to exchange old notes only T.2000/- tyngka.
The delegation was accompanied by DC T. Lyngwa, SP Herbert Lyngdoh, PWD Secretary Pius Marweiñ, CE National Highway Bruce Marak and other government officials.
During the seven-day meeting, many issues on the border between the two countries were also discussed, such as the smuggling of counterfeit money, the entry and exit of thieves and the arrest of people from all over the country. both sides on the borders and other military activities.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the government took this decision last month due to the sudden outbreak of COVID-1
I will congratulate the Indians who are currently in all the Emirates of the UAE at a special meeting in Abu Dhabi.
The residents informed the Tura police and the police took the body of the child and sent it for postmortem according to the rules of law.
She encouraged the winners, especially those from secondary schools, to improve their skills.
The price of public rice is T.32 per kilo and 50 kilos is T.1600/- and Boil Rice is T.38 per kilo and 50 kilos is T.1900/- per kilo. The price of anytime rice is T.38 per kilo and the price of 50 kilos is T.1900/-.
Replying to his allegation to the media, he said that he will not name names, but there are writings that he has posted.
When inquiring, it was learned that the tower of the Jio Company has been turned on only from 6 am to 9 pm and the network has been shut down all night.
With the receipt of this full recognition known as “Affiliation” students at the Degree level will now be able to write their examinations within the College.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Achik Students' Welfare Association (ASWA) on Tuesday said that the state government has treated the Garo community in West Khasi Hills District with too much discrimination.
She has recently received a certificate of appreciation and congratulations from the management of Dalmia Cement Lanka Plant for this achievement.
The curfew will be on Tuesday night from 8.00 pm to 6.00 pm on the 21st of this month, said Bah Robertjune. Robert said that if the government does not listen to this action of the civil society, it will continue. The protest to force the government to implement the law to prevent the illegal entry of other ethnic groups.
At this ceremony, 69 students from Mawsynram Constituency have reached the target.
He said that the Principal has not given any promise on these demands and informed that he will take up the issue of the students with the higher authorities.
It is learned that the power outage has been on all night and continued until morning, which has forced MeECL to temporarily turn off the power in the village.
He congratulated the North East Small Finance Bank for coming forward to support the Shooting Association of Meghalaya for the purchase of expensive rifles along with accessories and urged them to continue to support the Shooting Association of Meghalaya. support because it is clear that this game has a lot of potential in the state.
There will also be a monthly exhibition of handicrafts, ODOP products, books, documentaries, recipes, paintings, history and tourist attractions of these two regions in Kashi.
“We have looked into this issue and I can tell you that this fiscal year, there has been a slight decrease in the losses in AT&C. it's a very difficult task," said the Minister.
Regarding development works from Meghalaya, they should also go ahead and the Assam police should not interfere with those from Assam as well.
After 10 and a half hours of writing, the Center authorities learned that one of the two questions was wrong and many of the students did not spend time to answer. complete the wrong question first and have to write another one, leaving them with only an hour and a half of the three hours allotted.
: Four persons were injured in an explosion at a marjot shop on Keating Road, Shillong on Sunday.
Vehicles coming from Pomlakrai to Mawryngkeng and the Shillong Bye Pass.
In the past 10 years, the Government has decided to set the rules in the next few days. come in the entire state of the state.
Don’t deprive them of income.
Tura, Jymmang 11: Meghalaya Police have confirmed that another rebel group known as the United People's Revolutionary Alliance (UPRA) has emerged in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The swearing-in ceremony of the new Chief Justice of Meghalaya will be held tomorrow at Raj Bhavan Shillong at 5 pm.
The competition was organized by Saitsohpen in the presence of members of the party, President Robertjune Kharjahrin and other members of the party.
Shillong, November 14: The FKJGP Sengkmie led by Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Education Secretary and Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, President East Khasi Hills District in the presence of the leaders of the Union of Three Villages Sumer 4No, Byrwa, Umramblei, Law Byrwa and Umtham led by Bah KW Shylla, President and Bah R Diengdoh Secretary on 13th December 2017 had planned to meet with Bah PS Thangkhiew, Chairman cum Managing Director, These leaders have met with Bah FM Dopth (IAS), Director Corporate Affairs MeECL, Bah Debojit Warjri, Secretary MeECL and other officers who have led the office to Request for clarification on the lack of admission in schools run by MeECL for Class Nursery from
Trade in those days was smooth and had a close relationship with a country that was close and understanding.
The two-month training was held in three parts, a three-day skills training, five days of field training and a 48-hour skills demonstration. the chief military officers of these two armies gave speeches.
Schools, hospitals and others are called for development because they benefit the people.
He said that there are many sports tournaments, not only in football but in other sports as well,” he added.
Union Minister Nadda promised that the Union Government will assist in this regard so that the Government can provide treatment to the patients in Jowai.
The areas affected by this curfew are, all areas under Shillong Municipal, all areas under Cantonment, all areas under Mawlai Block, Mawpat Block and Mylliem Block, villages that have been declared urban areas.
Shillong, Naitung 07: Answering a supplementary question by Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne said that if the AD Rule is passed, it is necessary to have an Assurance Committee. you don't have to change the rule.
The workshop was attended by Daniel Ingti, Director of Natural Resource Management Wing, Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) and J Gangte, Head of Office, North Eastern Service, AIR Shillong.
Modi gave the example of digital services through mobile apps which have made it easier to access services from the government, and the public information system is being strengthened over time.
Shillong, March 18: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Chesrishsterfield Thangkheiw, 51, on Tuesday said that his resignation today was a personal decision.
Shillong, March 06: U Abdus Saleh, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) today filed his nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills for the mid-term MLA elections from 47-Rajabala Constituency. on 30March 2021.
After receiving requests from all sides from the political parties, the executive committee of the GHSMC has called for an indefinite curfew. The meeting held today decided to postpone the meeting from the 23rd of this month.
According to the villagers, the woman and her son went out on foot until they reached a house where the woman was resting.
On this occasion, the party also elected new office bearers.
This is already illegal," he said.
The Khasi Authors' Society will hold a General Assembly and discussion on the topic, “" on the 25th June, 2024 from 10:30 am at the Arts & Culture Hall, Shillong.
A total of 130 students attended the Youth Parliament organized by JNV Kargil, Kathua. JNV Baramulla and Udhampur.
From tomorrow morning there will be moderate rainfall across Meghalaya and the heaviest rainfall will be on 3/July/2024. The rainfall will be heavy and may reach 21cm.
Police have conducted an investigation to find out the cause of the death of the man in Ampati market.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Amit Sinha, a police officer in Ri Bhoi District, was killed in a car accident in Gurgaon on his way to his office.
The union believes that the Education Department under the leadership of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui will bring about many more changes in the state in order to improve the quality of education in the state. Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 12: Answering a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the Minister of Road Construction, Meghalaya, Bah Sangewbhalang Dhar, said that the government has not yet paid the money to the contractors. The total amount remaining is T.227.90 crore.
Sangma said such incidents happen only in areas within the KAAC boundary. “If there is such a thing, we will have to talk to the Assam government,” he said. .
New Delhi, July 19: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today on the occasion of World Sickle Cell Day, said that his government is committed to fight against the disease.
Police have recovered 600 bottles of Elcodyl containing 100 ml each, 10 bottles of Flavoring Agent containing 500 ml each. , 11 bottles of Food Color containing 1 kg per bottle, 10 kilos of Diphenhydramine Hydrochloride (ingredient of Phensedyl), 1 kilo of Chlorphenirame Maleato (ingredient of Phensedyl), 7 books bottles of Phensedyl containing 100ml each and 780 bottles of 100 ml, which were empty.
The Beti Bachao Beti Padhao scheme is being implemented across the country covering 640 districts (according to the 2011 census) of the country.
At the same time, the union today sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner to ban any groups who want to register the name of the union with the office. .
"This song was composed by Summersalt.
He said that at present there are 80 shops and he hopes that these shops will sell well during the festival.
He said that the celebrations of all religions in the state should remember to maintain peace.
The committee has been in the state for three days.
It is surprising to see that the prime minister says that the HNLC is a rebel group and at the same time refuses to talk peace.
Regarding the preparation for the border talks, it is necessary to look at the documents of the places with the same history. What has been submitted will be considered by the government and later. There will be a meeting between the Chief Ministers of these two states and they will take a final decision.
Many of the residents don't know who improved the implementation of this road and they still think that it is under the government department through the PWD road, but when you see in these days some parts have not been implemented in the PWD road. to complete it even after a long time since the years of chess were played.
She said that for 2024-25, revenue excluding other borrowings and total expenditure is estimated at T 30.80 and 47.66 lakh crore respectively.
Shillong Lajong said that this is an opportunity for the fans to come and support Shillong Lajong.
The welcome ceremony was held at two places, Resubelpara and Tura where the people of the area came out to welcome Conrad as the Chief Minister of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: After the Chief Engineer of PWD, Conrad K Sangma, sent an inspection to the Sohra Road, the cleaning of the Sohra Road has started within a few days. road to Sohra.
This is the highest increase in the state so far.
However, the time has changed and the CAB has come which has now become the CAA. It is on this basis that the Congress party has given its full support to the decision of the House to demand ILP. to face the opposition leader because the party's position is clear that they want ILP in Meghalaya.
The three day training was conducted by the Union Ministry of Statistics and Program Implementation in collaboration with the Planning Department of the State Government. Others who attended the training were officers from all government departments of Meghalaya.
Eve Syiemlieh, said that the selection of the participants of the exhibition will be made by prominent designers from the North East and from all over India. The competition for selection will be from children, adults, mothers and youth.
: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSC) has strongly condemned the recent incident in Assam against a religious woman working in Garo Hills after she was thrown halfway from a bus while leaving Dudhnoi to leave. Goalpara, Assam.
Shillong, November 03: The Assam Government on 17/09/2018 has written to the Assistant Revenue Officer of Donkamokam to send a report regarding the killing of Bah Tyngshain Mukhin by criminals in the Assam Government. Umwang village which falls under Bathalangso district of West Karbi Anglong district.
He said that the union has already lodged a complaint with the Government regarding the turning of the Kynshi River but unfortunately the office of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSBCP) which tested the water has not released any results. The public shall report whether the water is safe for the public to drink, and to cleanse.
Replying to a question from the media whether the Congress will bring up the issue of no confidence in the NPP-led MDA government, Dr Mukul said it will not bring up the issue of no confidence in the NPP-led MDA government. There is no confidence in the government that it has 48 hours of work on the days of the dorbar.
Total number of students who took the examination including regular and private students was 41007 out of which 23093 students passed and the percentage was 56.31%.
“If the report is too late, the fish imported from outside the state will have to be returned and we cannot wait for two or three days to keep the fish,” he said.
“Anyone (who wants to earn money) can get a license, they can come forward to get a license and those who are trying to earn illegally can join the aggregators who don't have it to get a license. license.
The Minister praised the Concise Dictionary and said that it will help to promote these languages.
On the other hand, the President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, congratulated the MDA government for announcing that the 4th of November will be the Farmers' Day. in the state.
Shillong, July 28: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has strongly condemned the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma for failing to bring peace in Garo Hills.
Former MLA Martin M Danggo (now Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board) has resigned from the Legislative Assembly. -state law on July 21st.
The Government should also appoint more staff as there is a shortage of staff.
When such a threat arises, the government will take all necessary measures to ensure that the villagers are protected.
At this meeting, it was decided that more members will be registered and will wait for a while after the completion of the registration of members in different blocks and villages.
Speaking to media after handing over the letter, Bah Banteidor said the purpose of the group is to discuss with the government the issues of the state such as The group will no longer be alone, when it comes to the issue they will talk to the government as a group.
On the other hand, the outgoing DC of West Jaintia Hills District would like to thank the 2.7 lakh residents of West Jaintia Hills District for their support and cooperation during the days of his death. He is the Head of the District.
Shopkeepers who sit in the square opposite the MUDA parking lot in the metor area said, “The stream that flows from above the Sarmistha Dairy shop has turned into a very slow handshake.
This amendment describes the Challan and has been included on the website according to the need for IT services as well as the implementation of electronic monitoring and enforcement.
The four days event would be a memorable day for the Archers who came from different parts of the Country, also experiencing the pleasant climate of Shillong.
They also said that the traditional Khasi dress is the identity of the Khasi people.
In addition, the Association has also participated in Malaysia.
It is to be recalled that in 2008, when the 108 was launched in Meghalaya, it was also launched in Assam. In Meghalaya, 43 108 Ambulances were launched and now it is decreasing. 600 pieces.
Speaking to media after the opening of a meeting held in Nongpoh by the Meghalaya government with the leaders of the Mazdoor Union, Bah Kennedy said, “If you count only the thefts of liters of petrol per day and if the total is counted, it will reach 27 crore per annum. Through this road, there are no 400 petrol trucks per day to transport petrol to Meghalaya. and other places like Silchar, Hilagandi, Karimganj, Tripura, Mizoram and others.
Speaking on the old problems of the region, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that there can be no development when political inheritance, selfishness, corruption and violence persist.
The union urged the health department to increase the number of isolated wards, oxygen concentrators and medicines to treat covid1
He said it is pleasant to see that the customs and traditions of the people of the North East of India have been brought together under one roof.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Dozens of people have taken up the job of collecting garbage from Marten in Mawlai Mawiong as a source of income to support their families by collecting garbage especially plastic. theh and that car bread nuid in this place.
The electricity department has not yet been able to provide electricity to the area. The meeting discussed how to provide electricity while the work is in progress.
At this time, even the students are facing their own problems with this online teaching method so that the students can move forward in their studies, but it is unfair to just compare grades. All the students because many of the students don't have the same rights as others.
In connection with this incident, Rynjah Police Station has registered a case to conduct an investigation to find out the truth about this incident which has resulted in the loss of three lives.
All three leaders demanded that the government should declare the SSA teachers as full time teachers of the state government. speak to become one.
It is not permissible to vote in the name of others such as those who have died or who have died on that polling day.
In addition, the expenditure on health has increased from T.1000 to T.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Joint Secretary to the Personnel Department of the Government of Meghalaya today announced the dismissal of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, A.Bhagotia. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, CP Gotmare, has been relieved and appointed as the Secretary, Education Department.
“We are very sorry that although many areas in the state have been exempted from the CAA, 2019, the state will be affected by the influx from other states and especially from in the state of Assam.
“There are many talented players from the State and now they have increased through the hard work of the MBA where they have been able to participate in zonal and regional competitions,” she added.
On the visit of HANM to the secretariat, the Chief Minister said that the MDA government is now touching on issues that have not been touched in the last 50 years. The inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule is not from the state government but they are still talking to the central government.
The Managing Director of MCAB, Bah Osmand EJ Nongbri, told SP News Agency that the bank will take a decision to reduce the interest rate for those who borrow money as well as for those who borrow money. Although a special committee has not yet been appointed, the MD has confirmed that it will be announced next month.
The body was found late in the evening.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the praise goes to them for their hard work.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Police today arrested Bah Wanpyntgnen Langshiang, 23, of Amlanai village for stabbing his son to death. from this world.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has not issued any statement against the husbands who have left the party.
After a discussion on the issue, Ardent refused to withdraw the resolution and the Speaker decided to vote by voice vote. In this vote, those who opposed the ILP won and those who supported it lost.
India has signed five Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) with countries like Armenia, Sierra Leone, Suriname, Antigua, Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago, Papua New Guinea and Mauritius, and proposed India Stack and DPI without You can accept open-source access.
The area of ​​the land for the construction of the Medical College is 100 acres.
“One month of training is not long, but in these one month training you have been able to do something for the state, this is important, to ensure how to protect the environment and to prevent global warming.
This is a day of pride, celebration of the skills of our scientists and the hard work of doctors, nurses, police and cleaning workers.
Arun Goel has resigned as Election Commissioner of the Election Commission of India (ECI) ahead of the Lok Sabha elections in a few months this year.
The deceased was identified as Bah Probino Warbah, 48, of Tynring, East Khasi Hills District. He drowned on 7/6/2024 and his body was recovered on 10/6/2 Umrynjah.
Last year, the Committee had refused to issue the NOC to build a garbage dump in the area because they did not want to be nearby. and there were also those who came to visit.
The HNLC has also been unable to recruit new members.
Officers from Madanrting PS, Shillong were also present on the occasion.
The meeting is expected to be attended by all the Ministers of State in charge of Food and Beverages, Government officials in charge of Agriculture, Food and the Planning Commission. distribution of food using Computer technology.
It is to be recalled that the Lamin Kur is one of the largest Kurs in the War Jaintia Hills. , Lamin Kadew, Lamin Kadiang, Lamin Dumai, Lamin Kashnga, Lamin Kasah, Lamin Kayang and forty other nicknames used by the descendants of Ïawshibijai.
The District Council shall issue a license under the Christian Marriage Act
Nine BSF personnel lost their lives in three clashes with Pakistani troops in Kilipara. Besides, two BSF personnel and a resident Jyotish Shah from Kilipara village were arrested.
If the government wants peace, the HNLC cannot stop any of its activities until there is any agreement, they have not violated any social agreement until there is no such agreement. said Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the HNLC in a statement.
The purpose of the college to open this center is to explain to the students who go to collect the application forms for classes at the college how to do so that the education will be successful. their will be successful.
The first phase of the development of the parishes will continue.
On arrival, the meeting began with a welcome speech by Rgh B Rumnong, President, and was followed by a thanksgiving speech by the Tymmen of the San Seng Khasi Kmie.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving a complaint regarding the presence of people who are mining shyiap using the power to clean up the shyiap that has been mined. illegal and pollutes the surrounding rivers including the Kynshi River.
According to the decision of the court, these nine teachers who have been teaching for more than 40 years have passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) as the government has allowed them to pass. he said the examination.
Answering a question, the CEM said that at present there is no intention to convene a meeting of the CEMs to discuss the issue. the part of the District Councils.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, on Tuesday appealed to the people of HANM not to be afraid before the elections so that darkness will come to rule our beloved country.
This has put at risk the villagers who pass through this area.
The Mission aims to screen 7 crore people in three years.
I am confident that the Commission will work properly and if the Government accepts the recommendation of the Commission, the problem of the teachers will be resolved and the teachers will no longer need to take to the streets to demand their rights,” he said. said Babu Shadap.
Mizoram has attracted a lot of tourists during the B20 Conference and the number of tourists to the state has increased in 2022-2 India's G20 presidency has provided the platform to showcase sustainable and responsible tourism.
Thirty-seven venues across the country have been linked to the Melaha for the Prime Minister's speech.
Shillong, March 18: The HSPDP Mawkynrew today held a meeting at Kharang in Jongsha to prepare for the 2023 MLA elections.
The purpose of this is to raise awareness about the need for mobile towers and to explain misconceptions about radiation from mobile towers in order to dispel people's fears by providing explanations based on current scientific findings. .
New Delhi, March 02: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today delivered a speech to mark the two-month cleanliness campaign. The Prime Minister said, “We have made progress in cleanliness”.
Christ King Secondary School Riangdo was founded in 1972 by Father Albiguri, a Salesian.
Out of the 85 cases, 15 cases have recovered from the disease, 13 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills. 4 people.
The party is happy that this victory has brought the party to the Garo Hills, and the people of Garo Hills have the support of the Congress party which has been leading the party for many decades. .
In the ceremony, Bah N Khongkhlad congratulated the drivers' association and said that the drivers have a great responsibility, that is, they are the ones who hold the soul of each and every driver. longing, especially in this area, because he said that many of the Pynursla area is still driving commercial vehicles.
Shillong, July 09: U Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan today said that he is deeply saddened by the death of mothers during childbirth. The Pradhan Minister of Health and Family Welfare (PMSMA) for the purpose of Khasi Hills District today at a meeting held at Nongmynsong. East Khasi Hills District, under the auspices of the National Health Mission at St. Jerome School.
Shooting them, car collisions, poisoning and being eaten by other predators and other reasons.
In this tournament, Manipur won the title of Overall Champions and managed to retain the title of NEOG
Before taking any decision, the government will invite all those involved in this conflict to release them to speak.
“However, the Chief Minister has been away from 2014 until Kylla Lyngkot, this year, he will know that the distance is not suitable for the C&RD Block in Wapung and it has to be relocated to Lumshnong,” he said. said Bah MH Dkhar, President, AJYWO Central Body.
From Tura seat, the candidates are Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak, former MLAs Winnerson D Sangma and KC Boro, former MDCs Boston Marak, Riya Sangma and Thomas Marak.
He invited the Village Authorities, Raid and Hima, to attend the meeting to be held on 13th August 2013, at Mawkhar, Shillong, where a special meeting will be held to commemorate the 65th Anniversary of the the Government of India's approval of the Annexed Agreement signed and accepted by the Government of India in August
“We are committed to implementing the ILP first to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and to focus first on education, the construction of good health centres, good roads, which we believe in. that they are the top priorities of the people of the area," the statement added.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Central Government has on 8th November 2016 directed the public to deposit their old currency in banks so that they will not lose their money. currency.
Amit Shah said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set a goal to free the North East from corruption and develop the North East before the country.
In the first half, Mizoram won the first 10 minutes of the match but Meghalaya players started to gain strength to fight against the state. Mizoram.
The players who have been selected by Shillong FC for the Lajong U-12 team are Damang Kyrpang, Bankitlyngkor Diengdoh, Wanbhaboklang Khongwar and Nathan Benezer Majaw from Laitlyngkot. Hills, Sankiroy Sari, Sankikupar Marboh and Sanmiki Ryngtong from Mawryngkneng, Basynsharlang Nongrang from Krang, Rijied Dathiew Warbah from Nongkrem, Vandame Dhar from Golflinks, Shillong.
Police have registered a case under Section 323 of the POCSO Act at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Piggery Mission implemented by the government before the 2023 MLA elections has ended in .
He said that if you don't bring it outside, you won't get jhur.
We are on the path that Atal Ji wants us to take.
Therefore, the KSU has urged the district authorities to vigilantly implement the Benami Transactions Prohibitions (Amendment) Act, 2016 within the district especially in the border areas like Borsora, Rajaju, Nongjri, Umsur, Ranikor and others.
Special attention should be paid to the employment opportunities for the youth of the state so that they do not become involved in forty kinds of crimes for their own income.
At the song contest held in Mawkyrwat and Umsning, the audience came to listen to what the singers had to say regarding this disease which has spread rapidly even in Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya High Court has extended the sentence of 10 years to a man convicted of raping a 5-year-old girl.
Activities related to the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 will be closely monitored in the districts where the spread of the disease is high and rapid.
The parties in the Executive Committee led by Bah Moonlight Parait are the UDP with 10 members, the NPP with 11 members and the BJP with one member.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Dr W Kharlukhi State President of the National People's Party (NPP) today congratulated the people of Williamnagar for winning the election. Marcuise Marak The number of NPP MLAs in the Legislative Assembly has reached
“Bah MH Dkhar said that the AJYWO is grateful to the MLA of the area for the transfer of the C&RD Block to the present area. The union demands that the government should hand over the land to the Health Department for the purpose of improving the construction and operation of the Khliehriat C&RD Block. Civil Hospital, Khliehriat which the people of the district are waiting for the government to open.
He said that if the UDP approves him, he is ready to contest the MP Lok Sabha election 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat but this decision will be taken after the party meeting to discuss the matter. topic.
The KSU strongly warns against contractors, owners, private individuals or anyone who leads or allows foreigners to work within the boundary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and if found again, the KSU will take strong action.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DC said that the talks have been successful and within these days, an order will be issued to evacuate the goods.
He also spoke about the benefits of being able to advocate for the issues of the farmers in the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament recently.
At that time, the Minister said that this matter will have to be arranged by the district authorities,” said Samla Banjop Marsing.
Majai is the constituency under which the incumbent Speaker demanded that the Speaker should come to the constituency if officers cannot be sent to look into the implementation of the Land Transfer Act. he should have resigned immediately, if he could not protect his land, how could he protect the state?
With this departure of the Congress members, it is clear that they do not support the CAB. It is surprising to hear that Dr Mukul Sangma has said that it is the Congress that is against the CAB. The NPP leader said that there is no need to talk too much about this issue because the people see it through the media especially television.
Samla Barilang Pyngrope, one of the youths who has been fighting for the rights of youths, on Sunday called and urged youths from Khasi and Jaintia Hills to come out in order. Tuesday at 10:30 pm to turn to PTS, Golflink for a reply from the Central Recruitment Board of the Police Department regarding the reduction in the age of recruitment in the recruitment of Police.
Ampati, Iaiong 26: Meghalaya Police have not stopped investigating to track down the perpetrators of a rape incident under the jurisdiction of the Women Police Station in Ampati. Seven persons were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the crime.
Police have recovered seven pistols, a knife, a magazine and other weapons from these suspects. Police are searching for these suspects in connection with the abduction of Monsing Sangma in This month from Mejolgre village under Rongjeng Police Station.
Shillong, July 05: In a statement sent by the Government after the talks with the ANVC today in Shillong, the Government said that during the talks, They have to wait for the decision of the Central Government regarding all the discussions that have been held today.
On November 4, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has directed private satellite TV channels to comply with the rules of procedure of the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) regarding online gaming advertisements. explains what can be done and what should be avoided regarding online competition advertisements.
At the same time, it was said to write to the state government to appoint the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to demand that she should suspend the work until it can be resolved.
The presence of nearly 800,000 Indians in Doha is a sign of strong people-to-people relations.
In his speech, the CEM said that the garbage truck was provided under the 15th Finance Commission tied grant scheme of KHADC. Sixth Schedule to receive special protection as a nation.
The 90-year-old man, known as Bah SD Khongwir, has passed away after a long illness.
Two other small power plants, the Nongumer Small Project, the Umran Small Project, which have already been signed with a company from Hyderabad and one from Delhi, have also been signed and are yet to sign the final agreement. .
The scheme provides assistance to about 12 crore children between the ages of 5 and 11 years including 22.6 lakh children from Bal Vatika, 7.2 crore children in primary classes and 4.6 crore children in classes. There are 11.20 lakh schools in the country.
This action of the government has been put aside.
New Delhi, June 25: The Central Government is trying to force the use of Hindi by taking a decision from the Ministry of Home Affairs. which deals with the speaking of the official language in which it is alleged that those who know how to speak Hindi should speak Hindi.
The second place went to Bethea Meba Aihun K Sohkhlet of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School with 424 marks in all subjects. I got 420 marks in all subjects.
In East Khasi Hills district, out of a population of 9,29,131, the district has received 69.40% participation in the immunization programme. lakh children who died during childbirth due to complications, it was also reported that about 32 out of every 1000 children died during childbirth due to complications.
“It was on the 15th of June that the militants had planned to kill him that night but thanks to the hard work of the Bangladesh police who received accurate information from the border guards, he was released. "I'm sorry," said Dajied.
From Laban-Mawprem MDC constituency, Edarstar Lyngdoh Nongbri KHNAM and Mamiry Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem MDC constituency have filed their nomination papers. This will be the first time from Nongkrem MDC Constituency that a mother will contest the mid-term MDC election.
Shillong, July 18: The Cabinet today selected three persons to receive the award on the occasion of the Independence Day. tip as the “Meghalaya Day Award”.
To combat these smuggling activities, the BSF has deployed troops in East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills. in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Mother Union of Dalu Unit of West Garo Hills District has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma. The light is due to the lack of a sub-station in the area.
The Archbishop said the Catholic Church has set aside these months to strengthen the power of prayer as directed by Pope Francis.
The Government has decided not to collect any more taxes.
Financial assistance from the government will be provided to those organizations based on their submission of proposals.
On this day, free medicines were also distributed to the people.
A similar training will be held at the office of the SDO (Civil) Sohra on the 20th of this month.
On this day, there were also many competitions to celebrate this great day of the Hima.
There are 125 students living in the school building, but all 575 students eat in the school building while others have to stay in private homes because the school is too small.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today inaugurated the second meeting of the Akhil Bharatiya Shiksha Samagam at Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi today. The National Education Policy (NEP)
This is indeed a great memorable day and the glory goes to the Governor of the State who has taken this great step in thinking of putting up the portraits of these great men of the State and Not only does the Governor have a love for the state but the relationship with the freedom fighters shows that he has a responsibility for the country.
The Seng also congratulates the Regional Committees who led the Rangbah Shnongs, Raid Chiefs, Sirdars and Chiefs of the Khasi Hills during the inspection.
Malls, clubs and gyms were closed in various locations.
Why do the civil society organizations stand idly by, and when the civil society says that they want to protect the Hynniewtrep people, they listen again? Every time the Khasi are attacked by foreigners especially in Langpih and Ri-Bhoi, border and now in Shillong.
May God bless you with a healthy body, good income, trade and inheritance and to grow in the future generations, he said. Shillong, July 29: The District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the District Child Protection Officer, Mawkyrwat and the Union The International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking was celebrated at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
RM Kurbah, Secretary in charge of Health, Education, State Project Director of SSA, has been transferred from her post and appointed as DC of East Khasi Hills District. Hills District.
“We had previously proposed to clean up Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi but the Government of India has not agreed to allocate funds for the project but we have been asked to reconsider, which we are doing now,” he said. sun.
At this meeting, the three groups decided that the KHADC will take back the VAB and regarding the land outside the Municipal which MUDA By The Government shall empower the KHADC to look after through the recognition of the Government. In the case of Town Committee areas, the Government shall empower them.
Through this tournament, the Association also aims to select the best players from Ranikor Constituency to take part in the upcoming football tournaments in Shillong.
In some such cases, people who are called are under Digital Arrest and have to sit in front of the screen on Skype or any other video conferencing platform, until they agree to the demands of these phones. research.
In Matchakolgre, Tura, on Tuesday, a team of SDRF led by Sub-Inspector BD Sangma, cleaned up the trees that had fallen on the electrical posts and wires.
Titosstarwell Chyne has been appointed to the Department of Council Building, Planning and Herbal Medicine.
During the protest in Delhi, they handed over a petition to the office of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and President Droupadi Murmu.
The Chief Minister said that at the MDA meeting today, they have decided that the Speaker election will be held in the next dorbar synrai and the date of the BAC meeting will be fixed.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The film 'Toilet: Ek Pem Katha' starring actors Akshay Kumar and Bhumi Pednekar will be released tomorrow morning at NEIGRIHMS. 2.00 o'clock in the morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Lurshaphang Khongsam President of the Khasi Riwar Mihngi Children's Association (KChildren's Association) Shillong, today announced that the association will hold the 4th Children's Tournament for two days on the 1st and 2nd November .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: It is the first time in Meghalaya that a brut shutbniat has been seized from the womb of a mother without any permission. Dr Issac Syiem at Civil Hospital Shillong.
This pledge was made on 3rd July 2014, in a meeting between Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Shri MJ Christopher, Senior General Manager, BSNL, Shillong at their office at Barik.
“We understand that there are some misunderstandings and we need to verify all these and we will wait for the Minister of Home Affairs to return soon to his office so that we can issue the detailed explanation,” said Dr. Ampareen.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 04: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today after discussion in the House has decided to send the Village Administration Bills. 2013 Select Committee to consider.
There are a lot of programs to be held in different parts of India too.
The effort should be to provide as many medicines as possible to the people in this area.
The block office has been constructed on an area of ​​10.71 hectares donated by the Nokma at a cost of T.2.70 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom Sutnga urged the women's and youth organizations of the NPP to work hard to ensure that the party wins for the sake of bringing about change in the constituency. whole.
The three suspects were identified as Amzad Hussain Laskar, 18, resident of Rajnagar, Cachar, Assam. Basker, 18, of Bangram, Cachar, Assam and Chamir Hussain Barbhuiya, resident of Silchar, Cachar, Assam.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the NHRC to take action on their behalf and to explain to the police teams on the border so that such incidents will not happen again. Shillong, November 25: Nehimaya Tyngkan, Secretary General of the NHRC, Rajiv Jain, Member of the NHRC, was also present at the meeting. Speaking at a condolence meeting held by the Congress party at Congress Bhavan Shillong, he said that before the shooting, the Assam police had arrested three persons in a Maruti car carrying rice.
It may be recalled that the State President of the party Dr. WR Kharlukhi at the party meeting on 10th October 2022 announced that Bah Ransom will be the NPP candidate from 17-Shillong North.
Benedict Skhemlang Hynniewta, who opened the meeting, concluded with the signing of books and the participants had the opportunity to meet with Dr. Skhemlang Hynniewta. Kynpham Sing Nongkynrih and received copies of this newly released book.
When asked by SP News Agency whether the ban is true or not, Cyril said it is true that the ban on mobile internet has been extended for 48 hours.
He said that this victory is also due to the hard work of the people and this has brought about a change in the way they work and he encouraged the people to take responsibility for this work until they reach the level of the state can ship fish out of state.
Three trucks and a Bolero Pickup were seized in the raid. The arrested persons were found to be from Assam and handed over to the Amlarem Police Station for further investigation. not according to the law.
The Government of India cannot pass laws on land. The ADCs are only tynshops who intimidate the poewir but they don't have those strong powers especially until it was passed by Para 12- A(a) and others.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has found that the dewbilat factories in the state are using 16 illegal miners. without permission from the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) to carry out the project, except for one company that has received permission from the MoEF (Lafarge), others The companies have not received permission from the MoEF to obtain permission from the MoEF, said the CAG report. In this regard, the report has recommended that the mining should be stopped. by those departments or groups or small factories that are not used by mining companies especially those government forest lands or even public forest lands.
Two others are of Nepali ethnicity whose names have not yet been released.
The 19 cases tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills are 9 cases from visitors, 5 cases from close contacts and sick cases, 4 cases from returnees and one case from the army.
Shillong Lajong FC are currently on top of the points table after beating East Bengal at the Salt Lake Stadium in recent days.
In fact, the protest has been more intense with the Karbi because in the field of tirit, there are still many cases of conflict.
These buses will start running from 9.30 pm from Happy Valley via Madanrting, Nongthymmai, St. Edmunds, Dhankheti, Barik to IGP. From Mawprem Karbom via District Council Point, Motphran, Khyndailad, Kachari, Laban via Last Stop, Bishnupur, Kench's Trace. From Nongmensong via Demseiniong, Polo, Jaiaw Mawbyna via Riatsmthiah, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Khyndailad, Malki via Malki Point, Barik, IGP, Lawsohtun via Bishnupur, Lawsohtun via Bishnupur. , from Lumparing via Madan Laban, Last Stop, Rhino Point, IGP, 7′′' Mile Upper Shillong via 5th Mile, 4th Mile, 3rd Mile, Lummawbah, Rilbong Point, IGP, Mawpat via Langkyrding Mihngi, Lumshyiap and from Pynthorbah and Lad Shyiap (SP News).
Referring to the issues that remain from this year until now, only the BJP can resolve them, he said.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) has confirmed 55 recoveries today, 25 from East Khasi Hills, 13 from West Jaintia Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills and 1 from South West Garo Hills. Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 1, so far 8959 people have recovered.
In the midst of the unemployment situation, the TMC has announced that it will provide T.1000/- per month to the beneficiaries between the ages of 21 and 40 years. , youths can register through the website provided by the party and party workers can come.
To use more new water pipes and to repair them immediately as many of the pipes are damaged.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The polling for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Seat in Garo Hills today went smoothly without any incident or violence by the insurgents in Garo Hills.
For this reason, the annual Dorbar Kur which was scheduled to be held in Sohryngkham has also decided to suspend this year due to the violence in the state.
NESAC implements remote sensing application projects for environmental protection & resource development, satellite communication applications in education, health support and protection. from natural disasters, and training in space technology and applications.
After receiving the documents to prove that the Riad Nongwah-Mawtamur branch is indeed within the Hima Sohiong, he as the leader of the Hima came to understand the feelings of the Hima. He also criticized the previous MDCs for leaving this place without looking after it.
Meghalaya won the title of Young Achiever among the participants, Shimtilang Kharbuli won the award known as “SATISH KHANNA”. She also received a cash prize of T.25,000/-.
The meeting was led by President Ferdinand L Marshilong. The meeting with the Prime Minister was led by President Ferdinand L Marshilong. Ibadalin Kharbuli is the Chairman and General Secretary.
Also present on the occasion were Bah LT Tariang, BDO, Mawkynrew CR&D Block, Dr TS Nongkhlaw, Director Health Department and Joint Mission Director, NHM, Meghalaya; Dr.P.Kharpran, Medical and Health Officer, Jongksha PHC, Bah O.Kharsohnoh, Rangbah Shnong Jongksha together with the residents of the area,.
Many of these beneficiaries are very poor and suffering in their lives, which the government has neglected.
On this occasion, the students demanded to suspend the results of the 2nd Semester until the Grading System is implemented and to review the results of the semesters according to the Grading System.
She said this after talking to the Superintendent Engineer.
Expecting to complete the project within 36 months, the Minister said, “This project will cost about T.1600 crore to implement and in the first phase, T.500 crore will be spent. .
Leninston M Sangma and Aman Swer, who ate 14 sohmynken each, were the winners, but Leninston won the title because he spent the sohmynken in the shortest time.
Sources close to the Congress party said that the visit was to meet with the people of the area and especially with the Congress party workers. Martin M Danggo and joined the NPP. The Congress party has appointed Bah PK Nongmin as the interim president of the party in Ranikor Constituency to oversee the party's affairs.
On the issue of the shortage of staff in the Infiltration Department, the Minister said that he cannot say anything yet as he will convene a meeting next month after meeting with the Infiltration Department. officers this coming week.
Under the Swamitva scheme, the Prime Minister informed that drones have been used to survey the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik today inaugurated the Composite Regional Center for Skills Development. Assistance and empowerment to those with disabilities in Shillong.
In his speech, he said that before I meet with various departments of the government, I feel it is my duty to meet and consult with the village officials.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the complaint of the four persons to the Governor may have something against the MDA government because the government has taken All people, whether from the state or outside the state, are the same.
Other problems faced by the farmers are the increase in the price of fertilizers in the market. This has caused problems to them, said Bah Khraw Mawlong President of the HFU of Ri Bhoi District. Umsning Farmers' Day in Ri Bhoi District.
““The BJP Meghalaya requests the Congress leaders to be honest in their working methods and if it is too heavy for them, they should not talk like this all the time.
Those who sell and hide these types of masks and hand sanitizers will be punished according to the Act.
Our athletes encouraged the children to choose sports activities and helped them to strengthen their minds.
The bodies of the victims were identified as Imdad Nongrum, 60, Saira Ahmed, 45, Feroza Khan, 40, Uddin Ahmed, 35, and Razia Ahmed,
They should be summoned because they are the aiding, but the citizens of the country stand up to demand peace and not to create trouble.
In their speech, the parents expressed their pride in the passing of their daughter in the SSLC examination. i in better schools or colleges.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Bah Adrian C Mylliem, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC), on Tuesday said that the protest of the Congress party against the price hike will be only the beginning. government that it should do something about this price increase.
The union has seen that the smuggling of jhur/tiar by these foreigners has caused a huge loss to the fellow citizens who work in the same fields.
It was unanimously decided to form the North East Forum for Indigenous People (NEFIP).
Bah SK Sun, MLA of the area was the Chief Guest and Bah Staising Kharbteng, one of the villagers of the area was the Chief Guest in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, President, Secretary of Sports Clubs and residents. region.
Tura, Nailar 16: Two persons riding in a Scooty have lost their lives in a road accident at Asanang today.
He said that the commission should take strong action against these policemen who have attacked him.
They have received more than T.7.5 lakh crore from banks.
As an MP he served on various committees of the Rajya Sabha.
“We respect the wisdom and order that nature shows us, and we are proud of this.
The union therefore firmly believes that the MLA will take action on this issue and we also request Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture of the State to take action on this issue. meet all the shikatta.
Kalita, along with four friends from Milanpur village under Chayagaon police station in Kamrup district, had gone to eat khana at the place on Saturday.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Khsi Students Union (KSU) has demanded that the government and KHADC should punish the Uranium Corporation India Limited (UCIL) for calling the tender without the permission of the Uranium Corporation India Limited (UCIL). said Daniel Khyriem, President of the KHADC.
Regarding the increase in the price of beef, the reason is the smuggling of beef to Bangladesh.
Regarding the districts, the recruitment will be only for those residents of that district to recruit 80% for the Khasi Jaintia and Garo, said Dsparsing Rani. received from the Personnel Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the tourists to Sohra said that the government should ensure that this road should be improved because as it is now many of the tourists who visit this place complain about the condition of the road. to the street.
On the same day, leaflets will be distributed to the public on the verdict of the Hon'ble Court.
Dr Dibyajyoti Chutia, Head, GID, NESAC spoke on the role of Geospatial Technology empowered by ICT in strengthening the work of the Government in the North East while Nilay Nishant Scientist-SE, GID, NESAC The North East Spatial Data Repository (NeSDR) and its tools for Government and surveillance purposes were demonstrated.
Members of the HNLC have already lost their parents, brothers and sisters, friends and children and we have already lost not only our family but also our own lives.
In order to encourage the creativity of the students, the Ministry of Education has encouraged to conduct various activities in all schools in the country including drawing competitions.
Samla Shembor Langrin Asst General Secretary HYC West Khasi Hills District.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The AJYWO Central Body through its Vice-President, Bah Reachingson Siangshai, wishes all the people of Jaintia Hills a Happy Behdeiñkhlam.
He also urged them to open up opportunities for MSMEs so that they can manufacture products related to the manufacture of electrical products.
Due to the lack of a doctor, about 10 patients who wanted to get medicine had to go home and buy medicine from the pharmacy and those who had the opportunity were taken to Nongpoh CHC. WORD spoke to about 10 patients, including children, who said they came to the place because they knew that the doctor was on night duty. At 5 pm, when they arrived at the hospital, they could not find the doctor because she had gone home.
The value of these unicorns created in the past five years is now about $150 billion, or about Rs 12 lakh crore.
There are 1098 cases in the state, 133 cases in hospitals, 107 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in North. Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 3, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 8 cases.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHNAM) today wrote to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the lack of trading licenses of companies working with the state government.
The aim of the art competition is to give children between the ages of 11-13 the opportunity to express their feelings of world peace through their art.
He did this by appointing special representatives to discuss border issues between India and China.
He also directed the officers to ensure the safety of the house and to find out the cause of the fire.
Schools and Colleges will have to book Train Tickets here as there is a special discount of up to 75 percent for students and it will also make it easier for all the passengers of Jaintia Hills to travel by train to other places. that state.
Other government officials who attended the function included Additional Chief Secretary, Home Affairs, Dr. Shakil P. Ahmed, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, ERTS Department, Sanjay Goyal, IAS; The meeting was attended by Chief Electoral Officer, IAS, IG, BSF Frontier Headquarters, BSF Meghalaya, and State Police Nodal Officers, MK Singh, IPS. Main Secretariat, Shillong.
The issue of human rights is the issue that all people talk about, because through this human rights are recognized, to protect the dignity of man, the way of thinking when and human rights differ from those of individuals, groups or entities.
The MCC will announce the schedule of counseling.
The judges were Richard Kahit, Head of Panchayat, Prof. LS Gassah, Retired Officer, Bobby Wahlang, Volunteer, Dr. Lakhon Kma, Writer, Dr. Mebada L. Nongbri, teacher.
This time, the KJPA has set five guidelines for the election of leaders and those guidelines are.
According to the ECI, the vote share of the parties in the mid-term MLA elections in Meghalaya has shown that although the party Congress lost, it received more votes than the Congress party. other parties.
Bah Isaac said that the party will continue to fight against drug users despite many challenges.
This happened at Dalia village near Shella, East Khasi Hills District at about 8 pm, when BSF troops on patrol stopped a group of people who were trying to smuggle sugarcane. u piat and other goods at low prices to Bangladesh.
At this meeting, the State President of the BJP spoke to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi regarding the MP elections in which Meghalaya has two MP constituencies Shillong and Tura. .
On the same day, the celebration of IDY 2024 was held by PM Shri School in Happy Valley with the participation of more than 1000 people. Upper Shillong.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also congratulated the Sordar of Mawkathein, all the Members of the Executive Committee of the Village and the residents of Kyllum Village. He also urged the residents of the village that this spirit of cooperation for the needs of the community and the village as a whole should not end at this time but will continue. We are looking forward to the changes in all aspects, and he humbly urged them to give their full support to him in the upcoming MLA election. soon so that he can work better for the welfare of the Constituency as a whole.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Ma Vincent Pala congratulated the KAS on the celebration of the 42nd Anniversary of the Literary Day. He is ready to work together for the implementation of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and urges everyone to support the demands of KAS. the topic of the webinar; The Chief Guest said that as a public leader he has traveled extensively in India and outside India.
In Nongmadan, the CSWO found that there are about 17 households who do not have ration cards. This has surprised the organization as these 17 households are poor and need ration cards.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: The KSU Education Department today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo to discuss the issue of opening bookstores. from the list of non-essential commodities during the covid-19 pandemic.
Thinkers and lawyers have expressed that a multi-ethnic country like India needs to divide power so that all religions and ethnic groups can participate equally,” the statement said. “The HNLC feels that this strategy to bring about 'One Country, One Election' is like a vehicle to promote and implement the Hindutva ideology which aims to make India a Hindu country. a country with only one Hindu religion.
“Minister Ayush Sarbananda Sonowal has also announced that OPD services will start in Smit, East Khasi Hills district which will benefit 40,000 people living in 20 villages.
What has upset and shocked the parents is the exploitation of the school authorities by charging school fees which is against the act issued by the Ministry of Law of the Government of India.
The deterioration of this road is from Lad Mawphlang to Umlangmar Bridge which is still under Mawphlang PWD Division.
“We will continue to monitor the security of food supply along with the security of the country.
Before concluding, the Association expressed its gratitude to all the office bearers, from the Principal of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, parents and all the participants.
When asked whether there has been any discussion on the implementation of the “My Village My Plan” scheme by the central government through the blocks, he said that they have not discussed this. ong bay m don't know if you don't have that.
In the protest, the Congress party today called for the BJP government to abolish the Agnipath scheme as it will affect the security of the country.
R.Khonglah, is a collaborative effort by experienced OT nurses, infection control nurses, and the CNE Cell itself.
They have provided a full service to the residents at that time and on a daily basis in relation to the health of all the residents.
Meghalaya has been one of the top states in the NGP with 768 villages out of 1231 villages receiving praise in the Inter District Verifications which is the highest number in the country. “On this occasion, West Khasi Hills has also won the award for being one of the cleanest villages in India with 265 villages on the list. NGP, followed by West Garo Hills and East Garo Hills.
He said that about 500 members of the Kur from all over the state will take part in this day, said the President of the Seng Kur Thabah, Bah Kiewshaphrang JW Thabah.
Three Khasi youths from Thangskai village in East Jaintia Hills District have been injured after they were stabbed by the Border Security Force (BSF) troops who used to patrol the bridge at Sonapyrdi village.
After the programme, a COVID-19 vaccination campaign was also witnessed at the venue.
All those who have joined the party are members of the party, but to become party employees the registration will start on 12th July and those who have joined the BJP are from all ethnic groups regardless of their background. what religion.
After meeting with all the state governments in India and prominent figures, the committee sent its report to the Speaker of the House in July this year. After careful consideration, the Minister introduced the bill in Parliament today.
A young woman from Dimapur called 108 and reached Meghalaya. At this time, the young woman reported that she had been abducted by another man.
On this day, parents have gone to accompany their children to the examination centres, while the police have also patrolled at all the examination centres. .
Recurve women Individual Lovely Professional University Punjab represented by Somya Negi won a Gold Medal, Hemchandracharya North University Gujarat represented by Bhagaviben Vargishkumar a Silver and Ranchi University Jharkhand represented by Sabitri Kumari back Bronze medal.
Many of the people who do not support any party want a new change.
He said that this action of the NDA government is unclean, such a thing has never happened before and this action has killed democracy in India.
Shops in Civil Sub Divisions and Block will be open for four days from 20th to 23rd July
If the PWD Department cannot improve this road, the residents of this area will have to stop the heavy vehicles.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Nonghyllam, Borsora, the government has allowed two contractors to work on the road from Ranikor Bridge to Borsora. Farmer.
Kumar said the helicopter was handed over to the Meghalaya Congress Committee after receiving the NOC from the Meghalaya Transport Corporation to suspend the purchase of the helicopter.
Goyal said Mulberry Silk from Meghalaya and shawls, siej, handicrafts and other items from the North East are selling well to tourists from all over the country. the country and also those who are abroad.
Furthermore, Dr Lamar explained in detail the different types of drugs and their harmful effects.
KSU Laskein Circle President Samla Balawan Suchiang, KSU Laskein Circle President Samla Balawan Suchiang, KSU Laskein Circle President Samla Leningrad Tariang, Leaders of Jaintia Student Movement and others were present. others.
Shillong, July 30: Mawphor newspaper today opened its 25th Anniversary at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw. In the presence of Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, Chief Guest Bah AL Hek, Bah DD Lapang, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah James Lyngdoh and others. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Roel Lyngdoh said, “I am pleased to be here to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of Mawphor. I would like to congratulate Mawphor through many difficulties that it has faced in the past years but it has been able to improve to what it is now”.
The CORP believes that this action of the contractor has angered the people of the area because the construction of the bridge has caused a lot of suffering to the people who come and go from this road especially the sick.
The Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a nationwide initiative aimed at achieving 100% full implementation of key government initiatives, ensuring that benefits reach all those who are eligible.
Another decision was taken by the government to implement the delivery of food items to children under 6 years of age. This decision was taken after more than 1000 villages in Meghalaya do not have The ICDS, by implementing this scheme, these 1000 villages will benefit.
Speaking on the occasion were Bah Lawan War President of the Governing Body of the College who welcomed the MP who was willing to open the auditorium, Bah Boldness L Nongum Principal and Secretary of the College, Samla Aida C War Vice Principal of the College.
The Assam government has allegedly forced people to join the state by promising to clean up the forests in Bernongsai, Jimbergoan, Bakhlapara, Ranibari and Bilpara villages under the Nongspung Hima. development works.
In her speech, Angela Ryngad said that if the Lokayuta Act is amended, it should include from the Chief Minister to the peon, not only that, it should also include the trade unions. please.
Shillong, Naitung 05: U Deimaia Siangshai, Editor of Mawphor Newspaper, today won the election as President of Shillong Press Club. Gershom Hat, Editor of the Peitngor newspaper, won the election.
The state has used the Geo-Fencing App to track down those who have violated the rules related to quarantine.
On the other hand, these organizations urged the GM to install more ATMs in Baghmara, to provide money inside the bank, to install a cash machine and internet. within the Bank.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that it will conduct recruitment for the police from 1st Nailur. There will be special training for all those who have applied for the police job.
Regarding these roads in West Khasi Hills, many of the civil society organizations have expressed their views, some are against these roads and some are welcoming.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District, RM Kurbah, while taking part in the cleaning of the GS Road in Umiam, said that it would be good. If people who don't have cars put a plastic bag to throw garbage, don't throw it on the road.
For the 1917 season, the government will purchase 200 pickups and these will not be given to the farmers' organizations from the group to manage. 50% of those who receive will have to withdraw.
In this regard, H.P.S.0 urges all the brothers and sisters who truly love the country and the nation to fight not for the sake of those who are suffering from illness or urgent need. .
The release of this amount will also be for those who receive the old age pension and family pension from 01 July 2017 to 30 November
On the allegation that the former Secretary has done the job on the orders of the higher authorities, the CEM of KHADC said that as the CEM he has the authority to order, but the officers who do the job have not. they have to run the business according to the office management rules, with orderly running along the way.
General Secretary West JaintiaHills District Sport Association.
He also congratulated the entire team of the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh for the work they have done to provide drinking water to the people of the state.
The KSU has stood for the past and present and those who are coming should remember to hold on to the foundation of the KSU as a KSU will not allow anyone to pay for it. It is the basis on which the party stands along with other activities that the party has been fighting for from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The residents of Riangdo area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division of West Khasi Hills District have requested to have an ATM at the Meghalaya Rural Bank.
Prof. RC Laloo last year, and during the meeting, Prof. Ula promised to take care of this issue by saying that the scheme for the construction of additional classrooms will soon be submitted.
When asked for the documents, they did not even have to prove that they are Indian citizens. state without proper documentation.
After the CEM of KHADC introduced the Bill in the House, the Chairman of the House, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, directed the members of the House to attend. Those who wish to introduce amendments to the Bill can submit their writings tomorrow morning before 4 pm.
At the same time, the Seng strongly condemns the bombing and tied by the KHADC Enforcement Police and foreign journalists led by Paul Leong and his son Kimfa Leong (Marbaniang).
Lyngdoh said the committee will also include leaders from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils, the Law Department and the District Council Affairs Department.
This India will bring solutions to the big challenges of the world in the 21st centuries," he added.
After this, the Vice President of the Sengbah took part in the ceremony of performing the knia ka khriam on a male bull as a sign of gratitude to the ryngkew ki basa, whether they are farmers or farmers. the armies of God who protect mankind from all those who intend to destroy and corrupt mankind.
Thus, there has been a commitment from the State Governments and run from the Central Government for cooperation.
The world now understands that India, which is a large country, a developing country, can measure and take big steps.
Their duties as MLAs shall be as MLAs. The duties of the Minister shall be to look after his duties as Minister.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said in the House that the government has written to MeECL, MGCC, MIDC to take part in the EoI called by the central government but they have not. This has been done because it is a time of crisis in the fight against COVID-1
In this regard, the union said that if UCIL continues to use tricks to mislead the people of the area, they will decide to withdraw the cooperation from the state. Meghalaya.
He said that this was done to increase the availability of Government land for the implementation of tourism projects. when it comes to tourism activities.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw Shyiap, Jaiaw Mihngi and Mawlai Phudmuri were invited to the meeting.
However, the Seng is ready to cooperate and has already submitted a proposal to the Government on how to resolve the congestion.
U Bah Miguel spoke on the importance of education in today's society and said that the first duty of the students is to improve education for the benefit of the society. society.
With more than 1.4 billion people, India has the second largest number of internet users in the world.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the MPSC explained that perhaps it is the high pass mark set by the Directorate of Accounts and Treasuries which has caused the students not to pass because compared to other government departments. The qualifying marks are only 33 marks and the winners will be selected.
Shillong, March 19: The puja in Shillong has been held smoothly in which Hindu devotees have completed their puja according to their customs in Shillong and also in the state. other.
He said that it is necessary to educate the people to understand the subject of this sector.
The minister's statement that there is a difference of opinion is wrong because on the 4th of this month they have already sent a letter to the government regarding this issue.
CEC Rajiv Kumar has pointed out the need to address the spread of false information as one of the challenges along with the use of money and power, in ensuring the order of the competition.
Special areas for flowers, shrubs and other wildlife habitats.
There were earlier 12 categories liable to pay this tax and now it has been reduced to four categories.
All the Chief Executive Members are urged to inform this to the Ministers within their Hima.
MLA 19 South Shillong Constituency Bah Sanbor Shullai has visited the Police Station at Laban for the purpose of building residential buildings for the employees of the station. The Police Quarter has been funded by the Central Government and has been implemented by the Police Engineering Wing of the Police Department.
In his speech, he said that the BJP is not an anti-Christian party as alleged by the Congress MP candidate Dikkanchi Shira in Garo Hills.
B. Langbang said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp has been launched by the Central Government to provide information to the people through the IEC Van.
The house cannot accept it because the subject to be discussed is the same.
Regarding this request, the Deputy Commissioner said that he would have to consult with the DMHO of East Jaintia Hills District who is also the Member Secretary of the Society before taking any decision.
Also present on the occasion were teachers of various schools, Aganwadi Workers, Asha, elders and village leaders including Ma Satly Ryngkhlem, Rangbah Shnong of Wapung School, Ma Happy Rymbai, u Shatbha Ryngkhlem and others.
At the same time, we are pleased to say that we are ready to cooperate and advise the CEM and the EC ARPA to build and not to destroy, but what is needed is that those in power should show a pure spirit and not to threaten the group of Chief Executive Members.
This village is on the border with Assam.
After receiving these letters of support showing that the BJP-led NDA is the largest party after the elections and that it has the support of the majority of the 18th Congress. The Lok Sabha has not yet started.
The demand for its upgradation has been going on for nearly 40 years. It was only in 2017 that it was upgraded to Administrative Unit and upgraded to Civil Sub Division by the announcement of the Governor on Thursday. .
The market is huge and is growing even faster today because of more affordable wages.
The deceased were identified as Paul LB Lyngdoh of Nongthymmai Nongshilliang, Crystal Gale Kharnaior of Mawlai Nongkwar and Hubert Swer of Lower Mawprem.
Even in the recent Supreme Court hearing in the case between Mohit Minerals and UoI, the court did not reject or amend the key provisions of the GST. He was the Chairperson of the Empowered Group of State Finance Ministers from 2000 to
He said that besides the cleanliness, the complex will also be a building to beautify the Sohra Market which is a place where tourists enter and leave before visiting the beautiful places in the Sohra area.
According to the incident on Tuesday morning, nine people, one short, two tall and others small, came to rob the house of Bah Ricky Marwein. At the house of Bah Ricky, they arrested two employees of the house and threatened Bah Ricky with pistols and nar rods.
New Delhi, March 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, together with Prof. Dinabandhu Sahoo, Director, Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD), have called on the people of India and and also invites people from all over the world to attend the India International Cherry Blossom Festival.
Maligaon, July 30: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) of the NF Railway has released four children who were kidnapped from different railway stations. train, the children were handed over to relatives.
At the same time, she requested the Seng Samla Shnong, Seng Women, Myntri Shnong and also the people who attended this program to take the message they received on this day to distribute. and inform others.
On the other hand, the DG Prison has also met with the Chief Secretary of the state and the Minister of Home Affairs has also learned of the letter of the DG Prison.
Likewise, the church also has words to show that as believers we must turn away from evil.
New Delhi, Narendra Modi today launched the logo, theme and website of the G-20 Presidency of India through video conferencing.
In a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Erwin, he said, “I am writing this letter with deep sorrow to see that peace and order has been established in this state and especially in the country. This is the city of Shillong.
The smugglers, when they saw that the BSF troops had blocked them, broke the goods they were carrying and fled to escape from the hands of the BSF troops. it was found that they were women's beauty products.
The Dorbar looks forward to the cooperation of all the residents and those who come to work in the village so that we can prevent this disease.
The Chief Minister said the talks would be held within the provisions of the Constitution of India. He said the peace talks have started and the state government will ensure that the talks can be completed as soon as possible.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 12th July, 2023 held a meeting with the participation of senior officers of the Police Department, the Health Department, the Social Welfare Department, MIMHANS, CID and various departments of the State Government.
Seven teams from colleges in Shillong participated in the tournament including St Anthony's College, St Mary's College, Lady Keane College, Synod College, St. Edmunds College, Shillong Commerce College and Seng Khasi College.
Sudipta Karr, Field Publicity Officer, explained about the work and status of CBC in the region.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today took a briefing in the House on the question of Bah Syntar Klas Sunn MLA of Mawphlang Diengiei. The border areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
This means the study of caves.
At present, the people of Meghalaya have the right to own the land, the hills and the natural resources on the basis of the IOA signed between the government. between the Khasi kings.
The meeting was also attended by the Waheh Shnongs of the three Khasi villages under the leadership of Sinam Prakash Singh, Secretary General of NESO. the Chief Minister of Manipur.
Lambokstarwell Marngar, after assuming the post of president of the KSU, said that the priority of the KSU is to ensure that the education and employment opportunities of the youth are improved. The thong that is in the heart of the church will work forward.
The Chief Minister said that in fact the police had urged not to go to the venue to hold the rally but due to the request of many without any opinion, they went but during the talks with the police. Seng Bhalang regarding the demand for the quarrying.
Dey said that Champion has confirmed that he will contest the election even if he gets or does not get bail in the pending case, but on this occasion Champion has not revealed from which constituency he will contest. .
In this regard, two schemes, the PM Jan Dhan Yojana and the MUDRA loans, have completely transformed the activities of financial services, savings and lending in the country. along with a promise for a new freedom of self-establishment in the country.
“We urge the state government to expedite the delivery of development works to the villages bordering with Assam, because if the people in these areas benefit from the Assam government, the Four villages including Hingaria, Huroi, Lahalein and Lejri with more than 5000 inhabitants have been affected. They expressed their anger against the Meghalaya government and the Indian government for the neglect of the area in terms of roads and promised to seek assistance from the Bangladesh government and to join hands with Bangladesh. .
We cannot issue a Show Cause Notice and if they still want to sell they have to follow the rules and regulations.
This special request to the police is because they are one of the largest government agencies with up to 6 battalions and each battalion has about 10,000 or less soldiers in one battalion. battalion followed by the reserve police in each district and also the SF10 and in total there may be more than 8000 policemen in the state, these need agricultural products every day.
Shillong, July 27: A Judge of the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the District Council Judge to appear in person before the court on the smoking petition filed by Amita Sangma against her. and S. Kharsiemlieh.
Whether it is from the PWD road department or through any department responsible for the implementation of this road, it is necessary to improve it according to the road that should be used for traffic and to install adequate drainage system. Public Footpath as it should be.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: At Lum Survey, illegal residents of illegal immigrants from all over Assam and Uttar Pradesh and suspected Bangladeshis have been arrested. there was a school that taught the children who lived there to learn to write.
Any place to have an LCS should now have enough parking spaces and offices for Customs as well as traders.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, these women including Sylvia Dkhar, Jessica Blah, K.Nongkhlaw and another woman from Kharang village, alleged that the Although the Sub Junior Category did not have any competition, Bah Donnie Ranee thanked them for having this competition in Deradun. The parents have spent the travel expenses of their children because when they reached the tournament, there was no competition in the Sub Junior category.
The NPP MDCs who are still in the UDA include Gigur Myrthong, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Victor Ranee and Rangkynsai Kharbuki.
The Vice President of the union, Bah Bawan Nongsiej, said that it is now up to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action as the union has already lodged a complaint with the police.
The main objective is to promote mutual understanding and also to disseminate knowledge that can be empowered from the youth as well as to children through participation in various programmes.
Sherrald said that he has a plan to expand this business with the aim of being able to market these sohmynken but at present he has not been able to do so because it is only the beginning of this business.
Answering questions, Himalaya Shangpliang said it is true that they have met with Dr Donkupar Roy, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Paul Lyngdoh to offer their support to create the The Congress has 10 MDCs, the UDP has 6 MDCs and the EC has not been formed. There are 16 MDCs in the KHADC. Shillong, Jymmang 25: The KSRKBH led by the President of the KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to discuss the issue. He spoke on the Khasi Social Customs (Administration) Bill, 2018 which has been passed by the KHADC which has not yet received the approval of the Governor.
Leaders of KSU Laskein Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Abhishek Bhagotia to urge him to take action on this issue.
When I tried to visit with my own eyes, Bah Banshai Marbaniang found that many of the shopkeepers are foreigners. to sell in this place in comparison according to the answer through RTI has differed greatly especially in relation to the names of the vendors.
According to the direction and instructions given by Bah Sanbor Shullai, the Minister of State has handed over to Bah Raphael Warjri to prepare for the construction of these statues.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that this is the third meeting he has convened to discuss the COVID-19 pandemic. It has taken all the necessary measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Regarding the markets in the villages which used to be held once a day, they have been allowed to open again as usual after the 15th of this month, but those who go to the market have to follow the rules.
The AJYWO strongly opposes the Citizenship Amendment Bill-2016 of the Government of India and demands that India should repeal it immediately.
Shillong, July 22: The full office of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (MoI) of the State Government, which has been waiting for many years, has been completed today. Hek laid the foundation stone today at a cost of T.9.41 crore.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Manik. Lawai is one of the journalists in the state.
He concluded by saying that the production of marynthing-ka snap Paka is part of the golden opportunity for us to recognize the dress code from all over the villages, townships and areas and showcase to the world. and especially to teach the youth to love and protect their own country, the Khasi-Khara people.
They came to this figure after conducting an inspection which lasted for six months.
Shillong, July 11: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday evening strongly condemns the arrest of Samla Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on charges of shooting an engineer. , NHIDCL on the 7th of this month.
On receiving a tip, the Pasture Beat House firefighters rushed to the scene to check the extinguishing of the fire. The pipeline is owned by the Water Supply Department of the State Government.
The residents of the State cannot be prevented or opposed to return to their homes at such times but as the State we must take adequate and strong measures to protect them. to other residents in their villages and townships.
Shillong, March 28: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that recently the issue of women should also be allowed to sit in the dorbar. He said that women should also be allowed to attend the dorbars.
This is not immediate but they will try to resolve this issue.
Speaking at the meeting, the Union Minister said that he is delighted to have this opportunity to visit this sacred place in West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
He was praised by everyone for his contributions to yoga.
Shillong, March 23: The BJP supporters and family members of these youths were also present at the meeting held at the BJP office in Riatsamthiah this evening. Shillong, March 23: Ka The rongbiria in the Khasi Khara is not only in the shooting of khnam, but also in the game of sum khnam. This sport is still practiced in the Sohra area of ​​Khatarshnong.
The Cabinet has also decided to provide tuition assistance for the children of mistry workers Class I to Class II T.400/- each, Class III to Class IV T.600/- each. Class V to Class VII will receive T.800/- each, Class VIII to Class X will receive T.1000/- each and Class XI to Class X will receive T.1200/- each.
Police and Magistrates at Langpih Gate have arrested nine persons for smuggling around the area and it is said that these people who smuggled into Langpih Market belong to a group of They were sent away from Mawsikar because they were not allowed to enter from one state to another.
The troops from both sides discussed illegal activities on the border and agreed to work together to curb these crimes that may occur on the border between the two countries.
After the village authorized their MLA Bah Stanlywiss Ryngbai to talk to the government authorities and the government after issuing the announcement the government has paid Rs 5 crore and the remaining amount is and crores.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The road from Nongjri, Borosra to Baghmara has collapsed at Lailad and 25-mile due to heavy rainfall. The area has been closed for two days since Tuesday.
The Cabinet also approved the appointment rules for the posts of Chief Engineer, Superintending Engineer, Executive Engineer, Sub Divisional Officer and other senior officers. you tand government.
Out of these 44, 20 are Exporters while 24 are smaller traders who applied for renewal of their License, but due to lack of documents they did not receive it. .
Due to the global view of critical mineral resources, this update introduces changes to mining activities that include:Removal of 6 minerals from the list of 12 atomic minerals described in Part-B of the First Schedule of the Act, namely, Lithium Minerals, Titanium Minerals, Beryl Minerals and others. beryllium, niobium and tantalum minerals and zirconium minerals.
Currently, more than 25 crore people in the country have accident insurance and term insurance worth T.2 lakh.
The union has demanded from time to time from the state government to set up police stations to patrol the border areas to avoid the infiltration of the Assam police and restore peace and stability.
“The people who have committed this crime are people who put the lives of others and the society in danger.
On this occasion, the State Police have conducted patrols throughout Shillong to ensure that the celebration of this day is running smoothly.
In addition, there will also be a follow-up on their work outside the state for at least the entire linter year since they arrived at the place where you have worked.
She said it is necessary to fill the gaps between preparation and implementation so that all Government schemes should reach all.
When inquired, Dr. Ampareen said that in East Khasi Hills District, the dengue fever has not yet affected.
Police said that Marvinson had been arrested earlier in the same case.
“As one of the leaders of Ribhoi, I cannot just listen, because to take this decision to sit on strike is not an easy task,” he said. rangbah not only for himself but for the people of many churches in the Ribhoi area.
He said that roads are very important for connecting neighborhoods and regions by roads for ease of travel, road integration is necessary for this. the east and the west shall be developed in all directions.
Speaking as the president of the party, Bah Metbah said that after 50 years of independence, the APHLC was founded in 1960 during the time of Assam. At that time without doubt there was a desire to establish themselves, for themselves for themselves and this shows the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
We are also working to improve and maintain the beauty of our state.
The complaint lodged by the police against these leaders of the HYC is that they went to the Secretariat and asked many questions but the only answer was that they died as the party they demanded. If they don't go to the Secretariat, where will they go?
The meeting was held to discuss the lack of attention and failure of the Government to set up the District Task Force under Clause 5(1) of the Meghalaya Resident and Security Act Construction of check gate for implementation of Entry & Exit Point at Malidor.
Therefore, the MBA and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs will do their utmost to make this tournament a success.
The NCCI will send a letter to the Central Government demanding that Schedule V should be abolished and only the Sixth Schedule should be introduced so that all minorities in India can get the same protection. The minorities in India are divided into two parts.
“The demand is to provide good food and drink to the students staying in hostels, to provide Wifi and to ensure that the students and those staying inside the hostel. NEHU Campus is in the middle of nowhere.
Shillong, July 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM-Women's Wing) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, regarding the arrest and prosecution under the MPDA Act. HANM-West Khasi Hills District, Bah Arphul Kharbani.
She said that from the mobile phone seized, they found many witnesses who suspected his involvement and demanded money inside the state.
The club also congratulates the District Sports Officer George E Lyngdoh and Larry P Warjri President Meghalaya Judo Association for their hard work and giving the opportunity to all the judoka children from East Khasi Hills to take part in the Under 19 Years Championship. Open District Level Judo Championship 2014.
Concluding the meeting, the DGP said that the meeting was called because the higher authorities want to do something and without forgiveness anyone who violates the rules will be punished according to the law. .
Commerce and Industry, Transport, Urban Affair and Municipal Administration.
Earlier, Bah Shangpliang said that he joined the NPP because Meghalaya has grown rapidly as a state in the country under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma.
In 2015, 35,985 Indians practiced yoga at Rajpath with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 84 countries have participated in yoga at one place and over the years, participation from around the world continues to grow and by 2023, nearly 23.4 crore people from around the world have participated in a yoga practice program.
“My speech in the House was only a recommendation to the Prime Minister but it was the Prime Minister who took this matter outside the House.
On this occasion, the CMCL Christian Staff donated 41,000 tyngka, 10 bags of rice, clothes and other items to the NEIMA Home Orphanage.
On the other hand, Babu said that this action of the government affects the school children even those who have studied in high schools.
New Delhi, Jymmang 24: History will continue once again on Tuesday when the Parliament will be handed over to the country.
This is only because there are no strong laws to regulate the illegal access to poiei.
At the same time, the MPCA urges the Supreme Court of India to expedite the hearing on the Aadhaar issue if possible. “10 months is too short especially for Meghalaya and Assam,” said Rev. PM Basaiawmoit, Rev. Kyrsoi Pyrtuh and Bah August Jyrwa in a statement today on behalf of the MPCA. Shillong, Nailur 08: The SPTS buses have started operating from Shillong to Nongstoin and also from Shillong to Shillong. Nongstoin to Shillong from the 8th of this month.
He said they will meet again tomorrow morning to discuss and take a decision.
Shillong, March 19: The polling officers who were supposed to conduct the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency who had to walk today left.
Malihaon, Naitung 18: The North Frontier Railway has said that in the last six years it will spend T.27,655 crore on the construction of railway lines in the North East. budget allocation than from 2009 to
“We have set aside some land for us and some land which is still vacant now the state government has fixed the price for other departments and departments of the Central Government and other private sectors, so that we can generate revenue,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
About 12 % of workplaces have less than 10 employees.
This illegal trade was committed by people who misused the citizens of Meghalaya to escape from paying Income Tax.
As there has been a party split within the Congress party, the party has now strengthened the work of the party by appointing new office bearers.
The polling will be held on 13th June 2024 in 10 states and union territories.
Meanwhile, Aastha Ratti has received the OP Jindal Scholarship while studying PGP-2023-2
During the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya decided to invite the youth of the region to the meeting with the youth of the Catholic Church from the North East who live in Delhi.
He said that the union has demanded from the Director that NEIGRIHMS should implement 80 percent to 100 percent like AIIMS. “However, NEIGRIHMS has not done so.
Speaking on the allocation for women in the state, Kumar said that in the Village Employment Committees (VECs), the posts of Chairman and Secretary have been allocated for women.
The festival has been held since that year at Weiking Square until 2019. It was only in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic that the festival was held in accordance with the rules and regulations. this year I also got to dance.
MSSASA and the Seng will take steps to hold strong protest programs in these days to provide training to teachers in the state. “We will write to the state government what it has to say about this mistake of NIOS,” said Rymbai.
New Delhi, June 09: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conference with the Chief Ministers of various states on the COVID-19 situation through video conference.
The KSU will start the public hearing from Shillong in different villages and villages according to the dates scheduled in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Forum, Most Revd. Dr. Purely Lyngdoh, said, “We have discussed and expressed our concern over the political situation in Assam. in Meghalaya and in India as a whole.
Commenting on the delay of the State Government on the grounds that the Inner Line Permit and MRSSA are still under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Samla Lambokstar Marngar said, “But the Government has The Governor has sent it to the Government of India and (the State Government) has been informed that the Government of India is still considering the Resolution of the ILP and MRSSA.” We are disappointed and it makes us think that perhaps the Government does not want to implement the issues we demand,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, along with Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem Constituency and Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong. The king of Mylliem Hima was Ainam Manik.
means – it is the work to be done with the intention of sule in oneself, in society and in human beings; long people.
Referring to the recruitment of people from the state into the army, the Chief Minister said it is true that the army has now taken a step forward to go to the rural areas. to recruit young men to join the army is not only in Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Titosstarwell said that in a group meeting in the presence of Balajied Synrem MLA Shella and village officials, Cornad gave a hopes in relation to the District demand.
There are 11 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 5 in East Khasi Hills and 2 in Ri Bhoi. today there are 37 people.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Bah Teibor Pathaw MDC of Mawlai who is also the EM of KHADC today donated Rs 100,000 to the Chief Minister Relief Fund and handed over a check to the Minister. Chairman of the meeting to open the road at Mawlai Mawkynroh.
That is why nurses are needed in palliative care.
The HYC also urges the public especially those who intend to study at the institute to be vigilant and not to be confused if they do not get accurate information, said the statement from the Vice-President HYC. Ri-Bhoi District Councilor Jayson Nongrum.
At the same time, we are surprised how the DC of East Jaintia Hills District has allowed them to break the idols especially when there is a problem with the water supply.
The incident happened on 30th June 2013. The reason for the incident is still unknown. The owners of the houses have been arrested. They should not lodge a complaint with the police against this.
Along with the issues of “border, land, joint cadre and 40 percent and uranium, other issues that the HSPDP has put forward are – “IPL and land transfer act, “language , , education, health, forests and environment, agriculture, livestock, factories, roads and transportation and markets.
This Synod service is held once a year in which the faithful of the church come from all over the country to express their unity with Christ.
Other members of the committee were also present on the occasion.
Additional SP (Crime) Vivek Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that the Swift Desire (ML 05 J 8343) belonging to him was stolen from Shillong. The driver of the vehicle was killed at Lumshong in East Jaintia Hills.
On the market, Bah Commander Shangpliang expressed the need to have an adequate market and to avoid being harassed by the traders and urged to open a separate border market with Bangladesh. for farmers’ products and other forms of marketing of agricultural products.
At present, there are 30 part-time teachers.
The main purpose of this service is to strengthen the provision of adequate public safety and health care.
– In the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, there is no Act or Rule for the 18 Elaka Dolloi and one Sirdarship.
Praising the efforts of the Assam Rifles, Rijiju said not only do we know that the Assam Rifles is brave but it has a humble way of life and dedication.
In other Congress-ruled states, the party has complied with the order of the party's top authorities to install three tyngdong lyer where the government has to bear the burden of providing assistance to the people. state.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC said that his visit was to ensure that foreign traders should have a Trading License, according to the rules of law, at the same time. They don't have to give licenses to everyone, because they are still trying to reduce the number of licenses.
The President of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union, Mira June Myrsing, has announced that from today, the ASHAs will take a break from their duties to wait for the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The meeting with the Chief Minister will be held on the 6th November
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction that he has been able to hand over the building to the people through the Sein Jaintia. I respect the Sein Jaintia for being able to have such a prosperous house.
Therefore, the Union hands over to the Youth Associations of these villages to take care of the trees planted.
On the same day, the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Chief Minister's Secretary in charge of the Road Construction Department of the State Government, also visited the site.
Shillong, July 29: The Assistant General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongnah District, Bhalang Kharbani, has gone missing from Nongjri Market.
However, the MDC of the area, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, took the initiative to discuss with them on the 27th of July and reassured them by leading them to talk to the Prime Minister on the 28th of July. Discussions on the needs of the PHC are all clear.
The Khasi Festival was organized by the Khasi Seng Kmie from Mawkhar, where the Khasi people from all over the Khasi Hills came to take part in this festival. every year in this Weiking stadium.
When asked whether the MLA will be removed from his membership as an MLA, the Speaker said, to remove the membership of an MLA, the Legislative Assembly has the the rule, known as the rule of rule 185 of rule (1).
Shillong, June 05: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Council will write to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAADC) to express its opposition to the The construction of a bank at Sabuda village in Ri Bhoi District.
Ferdinand Suchiang, who came from a poor family, to take part in the World Martial Arts Championships was not an easy task, because he It has to work hard to go through many different levels from State Level, Regional Level, National Level and then to International Level.
Prestone admitted that the permit was issued to only three persons but how did they go to the wedding ceremony? The government will announce after receiving the report from the DCs. two Districts.
Shillong, July 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today denied the allegation that the Social Welfare Department has misused the rice.
In the last part of the speech, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) announced and promised to build a The Mini Stadium will be built at the football ground of Jatah Village.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The District Administration today issued an order ban ban protests, public meetings, night curfew and bandh.
Prizes will be awarded for the first place and consolation.
The celebration will last for 10 days. At 10.30 AM, a wreath laying ceremony will be held at Mot Tirot and at 11 AM, a public meeting will be held.
In the second half, Robert Khongjoh and Samuel Kynshi scored for Meghalaya.
There have been 3 deaths from the disease today, 2 of them are from East Khasi Hills District. 1370 people.
The district authorities have informed only in words that they have not given permission but in the past few days they have informed that they can no longer give permission because they do not have a Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
On this day, the public will be educated on how to take care of their eyes.
Police are conducting investigation.
Shillong, July 03: The dorbar of the Supreme Legislative Assembly will be held on the 2nd of this month at 11 am.
Regarding the return of them, the government will not be able to take them away, but they have to come by their owners or plains, which depends on the release of the central government. welcome them back to their home state to be with their families.
Sharing of resources, broadcasting services and rights: The bill also introduces provisions for the sharing of resources between broadcasting operators.
As the MLA of Mawlai, he urged the people to cooperate with the police, when tourists come to the state to spend money and the benefit is for the state.
He said that the coal mining industry will not last all the time, the pork will run out, he urged the people to find ways and means how to do other jobs. which can be sustained through agriculture and tourism.
He said that there should be no incitement to the people to bring peace in the villages on the border between Meghalaya and Assam. states that do not have peace.
Referring to the recent assassination of Nido in Delhi, Rahul said the Congress party stands for the equality of all Indians.
The All India Civil Service Examination for the year 2013 has just been announced.
For the first time, 1-Shillong LS has eight candidates and one mother.
