Rai said the Ministry of Defense had given tentative approval for the establishment of five more battalions so that soldiers would have the opportunity to live close to their families in their preferred locations.
According to the announcement, all the officers who have worked for more than 3 years will be dismissed.
The meeting was conducted by Samla N Sutnga, Adviser KSU Iooksi Unit, in the presence of Ma Nehemaya Tyngkan who was also the Chief Guest.
Phase-1 of the project includes the construction of water supply systems worth T.600 crore.
The military patrol will continue until polling day.
Most of them were arrested by Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Organisations, Youth Organizations and Sengbhalang.
(ii) Utilization Certificates (UCs) not yet received against Grants-in-Aid sanctioned by the State Government: At the end of the fiscal year 2022-23, 454 UCs worth T.3,436.01 crore are not yet submitted, therefore, there is no assurance that the expenditure of Rs.3,436.01 crore has already been expended for the sanctioned work.
He said that after examining the documents registered by the Secretary of the Legislative, it was found that they were complete.
The NESO has also demanded the repeal of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), 1958, as this demand is from the people of NE as a whole and seeks foreign powers as well.
The State Government's failure to appoint teachers for nearly three years in SSA schools across Meghalaya has led to a significant increase in part-time school dropouts despite the objectives of the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) programme. the Central Government is to attract children to schools and reduce the number of children dropping out of school.
He said the government should understand that the Garo language is spoken in 12 dialects.
Speaking on the occasion, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem constituency, said that the Meghalaya Congress Committee is against the actions of the NDA government led by Narendra Modi who is also the Prime Minister. in India.
Therefore, the party invites all the Sengbhalang, Village Authorities and the people in the district to come together and take part in this protest with placards on the above demands.
Other cities that received awards were Delhi, Lucknow, Srinagar, Bhubaneswar, Kochi and Jabalpur.
The party understands that it is necessary to ban if necessary to prevent the spread of covid-1
No trace of the Nangbah clan was found at that time and later it was learned that there were clans from Jaraiñ and Lamin who were descendants of Kiang Nangbah.
The Durga Temple in Nartiang is a popular tourist destination in Jaintia Hills and is located near a rich area of ​​stones.
The cold weather has also damaged the crops of the villagers and this has affected the income of the villagers who live in agriculture.
“We have set a date for further discussions, that is, on or before the second month of July and we will meet again to take a final decision,” said Bah Tynsong. “We will be able to resolve this issue in the second month of July,” he said.
On the other hand, the party wishes a happy new year to the people of the state and may this year 2014 be a year of peace and prosperity for all the people of the state. .
Furthermore, pregnant women infected with COVID-19 are at risk of premature birth and other complications such as postpartum death.
Sabina congratulated the members of the Board of Directors who have qualified her to participate in this competition.
Referring to East Khasi Hills, the Deputy Commissioner, while talking to SP News Agency, said that in fact the photographs have been distributed to the public. people early in the morning from the office to see that everyone who had already registered and photographed got their picture taken.
The length of national highways has increased by 50% since 2014 in the region.
During the search of the vehicle, police recovered a 50 liter blue plastic top, suspected to have contained something inside the top. they covered the soap with stem and soh colors.
It submitted its report in November 2022 and this was adopted as a guideline for the necessary steps.
Shillong, March 12: Former president of the Lions Club Shillong, SC Surana today donated a donation to the club for the purpose of starting a training center for the youth to set up their own club. chores.
Soso Tham, therefore, appealed to the youth of the nation that in the midst of the difficulties and challenges that we face, the goal we have in preserving the customs and traditions, the goal is not To save the nation in the midst of many difficulties, we must be strong because our possessions don't matter now but they will matter when we leave this world.
“I believe that through this scheme it will help a lot to the youth who are facing great difficulties especially at a time when the world is talking about the issue of unemployment,” said Bah Metbah.
Prestone called upon the members of the HNLC to come forward and work together for the good of the state as a whole.
Dr. Hiteswar Sarma said that the cleaning should not be filled with meat but it is made in a modern way to clean and fill the mouth and to do this you have to do only once a year for three times and it will take up to three years to clean the mouth and also to improve the speech of the children so that they will avoid stuttering.
Dr Bremly Lyngdoh, who arrived at the village today, said that the members of the KSU, NESO leaders and as a group express their hope that the children of the KSU will not allow the Uranium mining in this area.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency, the newly elected MP said, “I will take oath in the next Lyiur dorbar”. all the supporters to know the day he will take the oath.
Tura, Jymmang 19: Police today arrested four members of the newly formed A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) in Garo Hills. Rongkhugre, which is about 19 km from Tura.
KSU President Daniel Khynriem said the KSU demands that the government announcement should be withdrawn and the KSU will take action.
These laws will come into force from 1st May this year.
In November 2020, he joined the rebel group and went to Bangladesh Pannaipunjee in Moulvibazar district of Bangladesh.
On the 28th of June, the Heads of Officers were received and confirmed at Pyndeng Nongbri and on the 10th July, the Heads of Officers were received and confirmed at Manai.
The PC of the DC has imposed a curfew from today.
He said he sees that there are students who can study fashion designing, animation, industrial arts, architecture and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: A group of Chiefs of the Khyrim Hima, led by Bah H Mylliempdah, Minister, Bah Morgan Lyngdoh, Bah J Khyriemujat, Bah J Khyriemujat, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, & Chairman Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, met with Hon'ble Dr Krishan Kant Paul, IPS (Retd) Governor of Meghalaya, on 11th November Welcome to the invitation of the Dorbar of Syiem Khyrim to witness the Shad Pomblang (also known as the Shad Nongkrem) which is one of the National Festivals of India.
Speaking to reporters, BJP National Vice President Dr Chuba Ao, who is also in charge of Meghalaya, said, “We request the armed groups to come forward and negotiate peace to maintain the peace process. peaceful.
At that time, the chairman of the meeting, said, “The announcement to the media is not the government's condolences to the media.
Speaking on the matter, the Minister said that the arrangement for the suspension of appointments has been made since
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise over the reports that the Lady Keane College will have to pay up to 45 lakh tyngka to the Cantonment Board as property tax. .
In 2016, the market for herbal medicines stood at Rs 71.19 billion and this will grow by 10% in the next few years.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang through the Personnel & AR (B) Department of the State Government.
According to the allocation of funds between the Central and State Governments in India through the new scheme of the MHRD, the Government of India, the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SMSA) will be implemented from this year.
We have demanded that the Director should suspend the NORCET Examinations and today he has agreed to suspend the examination until the mistake can be corrected,” said Bah Synrem.
On Saturday 11/5/2024, SP News Agency has seen that in Kynton Block-3, a vehicle has brought water to distribute to the residents of Umlyngka village. didn't arrive exactly.
The universities that participated in the conference were Manipur University, Assam University, Tezpur University, Jawaharlal Nehru University, Indian Institute of Technology (Assam), English and Foreign Languages ​​University (Shillong), Sikkim. University, North-Eastern Hill university and the Central Institute of Indian Languages ​​(Mysore).
He said that as the state government does not have the exact figures, this has put the office in trouble.
On this occasion, there were also cleanliness drives across the state to mark the birthday of the father of the nation.
The union also expressed its concern that the delay of NEH to announce the results especially of the students from affiliated colleges because the delay in the results makes it more difficult for the NEHU to continue their studies. their reading.
On the ruling side of the MDA government, Banteidor Lyngdoh of the PDF, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP, Deputy Speaker of the House Timothy D Shira, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs were also present. On the other hand, Bah Prestone Tynsong and many leaders from all political parties from the MDA party. Process T Sawkmie of the Congress party was not sworn in as an MLA.
The UDP has elected Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Titus Khyne to leave Shillong tomorrow morning to meet with central government officials to lodge a complaint against the Chairman of the United Nations. ANVC(B) leader Rimpu Marak has close ties with the Chief Minister.
The pass percentage of the students in the HSSLC examination was 79.76 per cent.
: the meaning of btin is to walk with others by holding one's hand to walk in the field; The leader is the one who walks with others by walking along the field.
The question is where these 47 wild boars have disappeared from Meghalaya because since that year until now there has been no census of the number of wild boars in Meghalaya.
New Delhi, November 28: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conferencing meeting with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
This Mission will also provide employment opportunities.
: A remarkable turnaround on day three saw Meghalaya come from conceding a first innings lead to beating Sikkim by six wickets in their Ranji Trophy plate group match at Rangpo, Sikkim, today.
The villages which have not yet received electricity are East Garo Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 4, East Khasi Hills 4, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 17, South Garo Hills 50, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 12, West Garo Hills 17, West Khasi Hills
Referring to the need for a new power for the public administration, Minister Duh said that the workplace of the public administration, the Legislative Assembly, should also be new and modern. .
In his speech, Bah Keith Parait and his followers said that they have left the BJP party because it is no longer the BJP of the past. On the other hand, these four members expressed their gratitude to the Congress party for accepting the BJP. “The most important thing is to work for the party,” said Bah Keith Parait.
These selected youths will leave Shillong tomorrow morning and a meeting will be held at the Pro-Vice Chancellor's office tomorrow morning at 3.00 pm.
Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 55 Kg ) Obadaiah Kelphung (West Jaintia Hills District) (Gold) Damonbanjop Khardewsaw (West Khasi Hills District) (Silver)Rishanlang Nongsiej (East Khasi Hills District) Bryan R Mawthoh (East Khasi Hills District)(Bronze) ( Bronze)Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 57 Kg ) Echamidao Phawa (West Jaintia Hills District) (Gold) Rishanskhem Lipon (East Khasi Hills District) (Silver) James Khriam (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze) Victor Pariat (East Khasi Hills District) (Bronze).
That's such a hard question mark to say that for just that many drug addicts, that much money would be spent," he said.
Along with the order issued on 15th June, 2020, guidelines were also issued mentioning the activities that are still closed nationwide, the activities that are not allowed to be implemented in the containment zones and some activities that have been allowed to resume since June 20, 2020 in other parts of the country.
The troll has announced that Kong Mukhim will be the candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections. can be accepted.
The Assam Government has also refused to cross the border and mushlia the border areas in Ri-Bhoi which has happened from time to time has angered the residents of Ri Bhoi and the State as a whole. The MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, has been arrested.
Through this penalty, since November 2021, the agency has ordered the blocking of up to 78 news channels on YouTube and other social media accounts for affecting national security, sovereignty and honor of India, peace and others.
It is this that has helped to empower people as strong in faith and they are the people of this country and not only those who look away from the jobs and only people who get benefits .
The three members who attended the meeting were Rastingwell L Thabah, Badonlang Dohtdong and Haislet Kharhunai.
The Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma in his speech, said that the youth should use their power to improve the income of the state and the country as a whole.
The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department has expressed the need for a veterinary hospital, livestock farm, especially a pig farm and animal shelters that the BSF has seized from cattle smugglers.
In this regard, the Startup 20 Engagement Group aims to bring about and support an environment around the world that supports startups and makes them part of our future through multi-faceted participation and This is written by Dr. Chintan Vaishnav.
More information can be downloaded from the District Website.
At a meeting held recently in Jowai with the participation of NEET students, parents and leaders of JSU and KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit, a strong voice of condemnation was heard. The State Government has received a reply from the NTA on the conduct of the NEET examination but the Government of Meghalaya has not yet received a reply. The NTA strongly demands that the State Government should talk to the NTA officials in Delhi on the report sent by the NTA and the NTA should respond immediately. The results of this year's NEET examination have been released.
He said that in a short period of time, seven out of 12 issues have been resolved between Assam and Meghalaya and about 70 percent of the border area between the two states has been freed from conflict.
If it finds such members, the party will not forgive but will punish such members according to the Rules of Procedure of the party which may lead to the expulsion of such members. members,” said Bah Dkhar.
The KSU leaders said that the network failure of the Jio Company in the area has affected not only the jobs but also the education of the children especially now that they have to do online classes.
However, 81% of male respondents from cities in the first category and suffering from chronic illness refuse to quit smoking, and this is due to lack of awareness and the absence of other means.
and C&RD, Block and the income generation of the people of Jirang especially those who did not support this MLA in the last election.
The protest came a day after the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, announced that there is another plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
This initiative of the CoRP is also part of the celebration with the people with leprosy who have been separated from their loved ones and who are living back in Leprosy Colony, Shantivan. The union also witnessed that the patients living in Shantivanki are very happy to know that there are still those who love and care for them.
“The world now wants to work with India on its journey towards development,” he said, expressing the confidence of the world in India and its economy. an.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah Nongtynger, said that 12 people have lost their lives recently and five others have died on arrival at Nongstoin Civil. Hospital for treatment.
The arrested were identified as Wali Ul Miraz, 31, Imran Khan, 27, Shaharuddin, 28, Sirajuh Haque, 30, all from Barpetta district of Assam and Sidora Shongwan from Barpetta district. This is the village of Sahlap Shella.
Latest reports say that if the government has to work with private companies to provide this dewbilat factory, it needs to get the approval of these two himas where Mawshun is located and the factory is standing. .
“Don't encourage that the construction on Wah Thangsniang will encourage other construction on the rivers of Shillong,” said Bah Nonglang.
Nongwah Mawtamur is one of the areas between Meghalaya and Assam and is now one of the issues of discussion in the border demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya.
The former MR of the state has been misleading the people only with the gates and this time too this government is trying to mislead with the same gates.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the state government has informed the Ministry of Home Affairs of India.
The victim said that he was Sagar. Police investigation has revealed the truth and his name is Bhaskar Rasaily.
Resubelpara, Lber 26: To bring government services closer to the people, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the Kharkutta Police Station. The public attended the opening ceremony of the police station.
Our MPs should take note of this, and as the implementation of the GST is not yet adequate, the fine should be abolished.
The BSF troops patrolling the border with Bangladesh have used various methods to ensure that smugglers cannot smuggle goods to Bangladesh from the Meghalaya border.
As the party, we don't have anything to do with anyone, but what has happened since 3rd June 2023 until now in this area is too much and cannot be accepted as human beings. They demanded that the President of India should ensure that peace will come to Manipur.
The protest was held against the government's silence on the demands of the union which they have put before the government for the past few years and have been reminded again in the past few days.
The PDF won four MLAs in 2018, the NPP gave only one minister.
On receiving the incident, Mawsynram Police rushed to the scene and found that the victim was identified as Bah Manful Lyngdoh, 32 years old.
At present, this small habitable vessel has not been maintained properly and at present it is dirty and few people stay overnight.
Balarihun said that poverty or lack of education in rural schools cannot prevent any youth who has the goal of working hard or succeeding.
On this occasion, the students who passed from this school were honoured in the presence of parents and management of the school.
He said that the Industrial Meghalaya Agency is to attract local entrepreneurs to the state and to achieve this goal, the government has introduced the Industrial Investment Policy.
In a directive sent to the Deputy Commissioners on the night of 29/04/2020, it has been clearly stated that they should not pass through East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Praveen Bakshi today lodged a complaint with the police against the robbery of a shop named M/s Megha Enterprise at New Bhaibari. West Garo Hills District has misled the government authorities to pay their bills.
Speaking to the public, Dr Jeny said, “Eyes are very important to human beings so we need the health of our eyes if we have them. With perfect and flawless eyes we can see and know everything and through our eyes we can know what disease we have in our body.
Regarding the party's formation, it has happened even in the past and it is no longer new.
Regarding the rules of procedure regarding the permit to build houses, it will be the same for all three District Councils and this has been done for the sake of the satisfaction of the people.
In her speech, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, said that she urged everyone to work together to eradicate measles by
He said many countries around the world cannot develop a vaccine, but under the leadership of the Prime Minister, our scientists not only develop a vaccine but also deliver it to the poor. in every village of the country, the vaccine and a certificate that protects them from Corona.
In addition, in 2018, the Legislative Assembly passed a resolution to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
New Delhi, July 25: The President's Medal for Courage, Hard Work and Heroism will be awarded to those working in the Fire Services, Civil Defense and Home Guards on Republic Day and Independence Day. u year.
The Defense Force will be led by Major Palvinder Grewal, the Navy will be led by Lieutenant Commander KVR Reddy, Squadron Leader Vikas Kumar will lead the Air Force and the Delhi Police. by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police, Jitender Kumar Meena.
She said that Pa Togan was a tall man among the Garo, who led his people to fight against the French troops to protect their villages.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, Sangma said, “I want to repeat what happened in the past and we have shown the intention of the party. MDA-1 Government in the past five years, we have decided to move forward and bring an end to the border dispute immediately.
On the part of the village officials and the residents, they expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops who have been ready to help the people living on the border who are facing many difficulties.
“Therefore, drugs fall under the jurisdiction of the VDPs," he said, adding that the VDPs will receive extensive training to combat the spread of drugs.
Shillong, March 27: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if there is such discrimination against Bengalis in Ichamati and Bholaganj, why don't they come and complain to the state government.
In these election campaigns, various parties such as the Congress, NPP, UDP and PDF have tried to emphasize their own grounds to attract the voters to support them. the candidate whom the party nominates.
Father Anthony has donated food items to seven TB patients at the District TB Hospital, Tura.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today announced that five members of his family who tested positive for COVID-19 for the second time have tested positive for the second time. you are Negative.
Shillong, July 16: NCP Meghalaya State Unit Vice President Vijay Raj and Saleng A Sangma on Tuesday said they will write to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to call for The KSU has spoken to the railway line to resolve the issue which has affected the peace and order in the state.
The Chief Minister said that he is pleased to see that such a tournament has been held because it helps to identify talented youngsters in the field of football and this will be of benefit to the state in years to come.
On the same day, the police took him to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment but the doctors sent him to MIMHANS, Shillong for treatment of headache. At the hospital, Bah Phurly was pronounced dead.
Marak on 30th July, lodged a complaint at the Athiabari/Porlakait Police Out Post against the smuggling of coal without Challan through the Checkpoint.
Shillong, July 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by Marcony Thongni has demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the death of fish in the area. Ranikor and the investigation should be conducted by an independent body.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : The Meghalaya Aroma Mission has become a success in the production of aroma plants under the leadership of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
“Sangma gave this reply to a question by UDP MLA from Amlarem Constituency Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who requested the State Government to introduce a Minimum Support Price for rice.
The letter said that the government should create an urgent fund to repair this road which is the source of income for thousands of farmers, school children and especially those who have been forced to go for treatment. hospital which has been a source of inconvenience to the people for more than six years.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by the General Secretary on Friday visited Byndihati and Umtyra villages to inspect two projects which have been completed but have not yet been opened to the public. including the construction of a Residential School and a Teacher's Training Center which has been running for many years.
Many of the works he has done are seen in these days such as computers, education, the organization of the schedule tribes in India and most importantly he has brought the relationship between India and the United States.
In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that the Speaker of the House has been able to do this to put up the image of the Speaker and agreed with what the Leader of the House said. Dr Mukul suggested that in the new Legislative Assembly there should be a portrait of all the villages and symbols of the villages.
The total number of recoveries so far has risen to 780 and the death toll has risen to
Also present on the occasion were Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary, Bristar Mawthoh Agriculture Secretary, FKJGP Sengkmie and FKJGP Jaintia Hills leaders including Bah Marhok Marboh, Vice President, Bah Marhok Marboh, Vice President, Bah Bristar Mawthoh Agriculture Secretary, Bah Riki Shylla, General Secretary.
The total pass rate for Regular and Non-Regular students in 2024 is 79.76 percent.
On this occasion, Bah Gershome Hat Vice President of CoRP Sengkmie and other members of Jirang Circle gave their speeches of encouragement and best wishes to Pynshngainlang. bad glory.
The aim is to improve the livelihood of talented artisans from the North East.
During the meeting with the political parties, the agreements between the two state governments were also explained to the leaders of the political parties. the speech in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
This insult to them is a discrimination among fellow human beings who do small jobs and without the spirit of helping for them.
The allegation that the Governor of Meghalaya has treated one of the students who applied for the post of Public Relation Officer at Raj Bhavan has prompted the civil society to demand that the central government should not remove the Lat.
To further develop and revive the association, it is necessary to join hands especially so that it can further develop the players.
In the complaint, Jonial alleged that Jomil Marak had stolen his signature.
On the 28th it will be held at the KHADC office for the districts of Sohryngkham, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Langkyrdem, Laitkroh, Nongshken and Mawsynram. , on the 6th of this month will be held at the District Council Nongpoh for Ribhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: After 40 years of suspension, the Meghalaya Games 2019-20 will resume tomorrow at Polo.
Shillong, July 26:The theme of the Vanamahotsava is "Everyone, Teach One, Plant One" The event was held at Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha, East Khasi Hills District. , East Khasi Hills, where MS Rao, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of Forest Department was the chief guest.
DSC-3/Exam/Pt/2016-17/49 date Jowai the 31st August 2016 bad  no.
The vehicle was last seen at Lyniong village and has not been found since that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pdianghun Dkhar, General Secretary, SKSSJHD, Rangbah Shnong, Elders from almost all the districts of Rymbai, Sutnga, Narpuh, Lakadong, Amwi, Nongkhlieh, Saipung, Jowai, including the leaders of civil society organizations, JSU Narpuh Circle, JYF Saipung Circle.
“India's desire is to digitize all domestic activities and this has started to move forward so quickly that we have seen that many activities have been started. You can do it online via the internet.
In Shillong, many other events were held to celebrate this special day of women.
Doctors, health workers, ambulance drivers and staff in health centers have been provided with medical facilities.
but not like other MLAs, MDCs and Congress who love only Shuki and are quick to sell.
The CAB will have provisions to protect the states that do not have ILP and as it is, as a state we urgently need the Amendment of the MRSSA before the Central Government introduces the CAB. The time has come for the introduction of the ILP in the state.
These Bakhor and Ksai Bakhor were brought by the Khar Mahajong of East Pakistan/Bangladesh.
Members of KLFOA, President of HNYF Western Region Bah KS Rani, Longkmie of Mairangbah, Sordars of neighboring villages, forest owners and factory owners attended the event. teachers, students of Mairangbah LP School and Domkor RC UP School.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has called for a joint inspection between the KHADC, Police Department, District authorities and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to find out where there are shortcomings and to see who is responsible. do to provide protections.
Before addressing the nation, the Prime Minister laid the flag for two railway lines in the North East, one from Bhairabi (Mizoram)-Silchar (Assam). Jiribam (Manipur)-Silchar (Assam) and one of the Kamakhya-Katra Express will be operated once a day.
During the meeting, Naidu also agreed that India will support the film for the 100th birth anniversary of the father of Bangladesh's nation, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. his trading day in 2020.
The HYC has demanded strong laws from the government to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Umsning BDO Raja Brahma, who is also a magistrate, said that they have received a complaint and sent police to Mawlasnai to investigate. The incident has not been confirmed yet as the investigation is ongoing.
The concert will be attended by famous singers of the state such as Jesi Lyngdoh, famous singer of the state and other stars of the state. The venue of the concert will be at the Mini Stadium of Marbisu Parish.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conard K Sangma today visited the site for the construction of the Legislative Assembly building at Madiangdiang.
Referring to the reports that the central government will not call for talks with other rebel groups, the minister said that this is the feeling of the central government and it has nothing to say. her right to say what she feels.
At the same time, the public has been directed not to give out their ATM numbers to people who claim to be employees of SBI. such persons shall immediately inform the police.
Now we have been able to deliver the water to 70% which is almost 75%.
The final decision will be taken tomorrow afternoon after a meeting with the top leaders of the Union.
Reduction of foreign threats and prevention of illegal cyber activities in the Assam Rifles Wide Area Network (ARWAN).
Mairang, July 25, 2013: The leaders of these two civil society organizations have expressed their views on the CAA and the ILP. : Mairang Civil Sub Division today celebrated the 10th National Voters' Day 2020 in Mairang at the office of the Divisional Officer in charge of Election Department.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Jitendra Singh said that the government has taken the initiative to develop the region which has been neglected in the past 90 years since independence.
The JSU has demanded that if any youth is appointed on a contractual basis (3F/Causal Appointees/Adhok Appointees/Contractual Basis), they should provide adequate public information so that the youths will not be employed. She demanded that they should be announced publicly in the right way.
The app will have various features like personalized news feed, push notifications to get instant news about events, multimedia integration, offline reading, live streaming for instant viewing of news, convenience to share through social media, regional news feed, bookmarking to save articles and the ability to search for news.
During the meeting, the Governor spoke to the Minister on agriculture in the state.
The Directorate of Higher and Technical Education today issued a statement saying that students who apply for scholarships do not need to have Aadhar.
In this incident, the camp was plainly destroyed on the road to Shichar in Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The shooting of a policeman in Mawlai yesterday morning has surrendered to the Mawlai Police Station.
We will introduce the Data Innovation Center in Meghalaya.
After Meghalaya got its own state, this is the only power plant that has been able to build at a cost of Rs 300 crore.
On the other hand, the union is now looking for those involved in the burning of vehicles, stone throwing and burning of government offices.
At this public meeting, the BJP leader said that the party has no objection to any group but includes all ethnic groups and as the party wants to unite all ethnic groups. To improve the economic development and income of the people, Bah Shibun said that the people need to understand better the Aadhar number. One country can accept that Aadhar number and increase in income, why here in India and Meghalaya they are against bringing income to the people.
Sardar Patel was not only a fighter for independence but also a new founder of India.
Through this programme, about 5,500 entrepreneurs and more than 200 startups have been supported.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Superintendent of Police, Bah Sadon Blah said, “The SP has said that there is a strong investigation by the police that Bah Tarson Lymba is involved in the incident. bomb in the Metor area.
To conduct the peace talks, the government has appointed these ksiang to empower them as ksiang. The state government has taken this step to conduct the peace talks between the HNLC and the government. .
Referring to Meghalaya, she said that in 2022 there will be 4974 cases and in 2023 it will decrease to 4812 cases. state means man blocks.
July.2021 has handed over the PPEs and cash to the Nongmensong Dorbar Shnong.
The idea of ​​allowing only freight trains is like allowing the foreigners to build roads in the land of Hynniewtrep and gradually they rule completely and it will be a mistake like the mistake of taking the state without borders in the years that followed. State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: For some reason, the number of road accidents in these days has been widespread and many times it has caused serious damage to the homes of those involved in this incident.
The Jaidbynriew is not a Jaidbynriew that has forgotten but a Jaidbynriew that has lost its strength by following these words of a great man, "It is easy to wake up the sleeping people, but it is difficult to wake up the people who are just doing. my sleep".
The reason why they don't want to join any company is because they don't want to pay too much land and they have already paid for the permit and they have to pay to the companies.
She was known as Miss HK since 1958 and retired as the Vice Principal of Lady Keane College Shillong after teaching for 38 years.
The training was conducted under the leadership of Lt General RS Panwar GOC HQ
The Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that the wine industry in the state has increased. The Minister is confident that Meghalaya will one day become a prominent wine producing state.
This data is important for the country’s economic development.
According to the preparations for the dry process, MCCL should produce 600 tonnes of dewbilat per day and 15000 MT per month. it produces 10000 Mt and the following month it produces nothing.
While in the new rule of the traditional rulers there are NO FIVE YEARS, we the children of the thousand can remove them at any time if they have lost the trust of the children of the thousand.
The union has also warned against those who are accustomed to burning forests and polluting rivers and if found guilty, the union will take necessary action.
Regarding the universities, he said that the central government should look into them once again and should set up more research centres, medical and engineering colleges, teaching centres. training and training centers for the purpose of passing various job examinations.
“By the way, I want to erase or draw the line between 'them' and 'us',” he added.
On the other hand, the BSF and Police will work together to ensure that any activities are against the country.
On this occasion, the Lum Jingthang Committee has come forward to award certificates to the members of the Lum Jingthang Committee who have contributed to the fundraising campaign. The President of the Seng Khasi Kmie and also the Chairman.
Noting that nearly T.357 crore has been allocated for development projects in the state, he said, “The government will strengthen existing projects and spend on new ones to achieve the target of improve the income of about 4.5 lakh farmers”.
AAHII is designed in that way and will work where ‘we find our own solutions to our problems.
Along with Rajeev Kumar, Kunal Gosh was also brought for questioning by the CBI in Oakland Shillong. He has no information about the Sardha Chit Fund.
“This has affected the employment and income of the people of Jaintia Hills,” said Bah MH. Dkhar President of AJYWO.
These two Dorbars strongly condemned the robbers and bloodthirsty people who have no knowledge to take the precious life of this Rangbah.
It will be seen how far different regions can protect themselves from the Coronavirus.
Shillong, Iaiong 01: In the past few days, officials of the Forest Department have visited the quarries in the two constituencies, Mawryngkneng and Nongkrem to issue a letter requesting the closure of illegal mining. get a license from the government.
The production cost of the film has been estimated at T.50 lakh.
New Delhi, July 18: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced the MLA elections for the three states of the North East, Nagaland, Meghalaya and Tripura.
Referring to the state, he said that the state has 38 lakh residents, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo. The state has just celebrated its 51st birthday on 21st July
Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated all on this special day.
To ensure that this area falls under Command Zone-V, this order will not apply to those employed within the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, those involved in the food and beverage industry and so on. the media has been released from these charges.
These candidates from Tura congratulated each other, Purno congratulated Darly by saying that he is a good child and Darly also congratulated Purno the NPP candidate. SP News).
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the government will complete the first phase first and the other phases will be followed up according to the rules and this is the first step and the others will be completed later. The HNLC will send letters to the Ksiang.
Inu Sarma, Mr.Sajan Bhuyan.
At this meeting, it was decided to set up a working group of all the groups in the area to strengthen the relationship between the people of the area and to take measures to protect the rights of the minorities.
The postponement of the elections for the election of new MDCs in these two Councils was due to the request to postpone the delimitation committees.
The Executive Committee of the Union also urges all the Kurs who have not yet established their own Seng Kurs to establish themselves so that it will be a protection for their Kur, Jait, Ri and Jaidbynriew.
The curfew and office curfew of the four circles will be implemented from Umnongrim village in Weiloi East Khasi Hills District.
It also gave the opportunity to have a discussion on the Draft National Policy to align it with the needs of those involved in these activities.
Speaking on the third phase of the Khelo India Youth Games, Assam Chief Minister Sarbanada Sonowal said, “We are delighted to host the third phase of the Khelo India Youth Games.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, HS Shylla said that the EC has decided to meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to seek clarification. The Government of Meghalaya, which falls under the Sixth Schedule under Article 243(M), said that the Panchayatiraj should not operate in areas where there are no District Councils without consultation.
Bah Rani said that he has been in the FKJP since 1997 and has been in the party until today. It has led its fellow members to resign from the post of President after Bah Joe Marwein has decided to return to politics.
In many cases, the deterioration of this road has caused small and heavy vehicles to break down in the middle of the road and this has caused more suffering to the passengers, from traffic jams and also from traffic jams. They have to struggle to walk straight through these potholes and heavy ditches on this road which can put them and their vehicle in great danger.
Meanwhile, the bills have been paid exactly at the end of the month despite the shortage of electricity supply.
At the same time, they urged the residents not to be misled by these village leaders or by the BDO and Chairman of the Block.
On the other hand, the residents of this area request the Meghalaya government to improve this road for the safety of the residents in coming and going as this road has been used by many people. thousands of years.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Bishop's Office said that they are still waiting for information as they have not yet received any information on when the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala of Shillong will arrive. and the bishop's house was still waiting for this news.
Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, the BSF troops in charge of Meghalaya have worked hard to curb the exploitation of criminals on the border and the BSF has I'm going to give you all the right things.
The Union is deeply saddened by the inspection of the Public Latrines in Mawkyrwat Market, which has found that the Public Latrines in Mawkyrwat Market are in poor condition. it will endanger the health of all the citizens.
The child was placed in a box and broken on the road at Thomas Jone College Iawmusing Jowai.
HBRF Shnong Wandami Passah said they demand that the government should remove the KAAC gate at Mukroh as a tragic incident has happened due to the presence of this gate.
The distance between the well and the garbage dump is about 10 kilometers, regarding the loss of the water pump, because the pump does not work and it was reported to RTI that the pump is Tailor Made, in this age it is surprising to say that it came through the 1998-1999 scheme.
Many drawing competitions and other competitions were held on this day and prizes were awarded to the winners.
On the other hand, the NDA presidential candidate said that the Constitution is the supreme authority in the rule of law, therefore it is a sacred duty and duty. of every citizen of India, not only the President of the country who does not hold the Constitution but everyone.
This is part of the Commission's efforts to ensure transparency in the provision of information on the MCC after the first month after its implementation.
It is clear from the RTI that the vehicle has been purchased but the vehicle is not within the constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Tourists from all over India have come to Shillong to visit the Umiam Lake, which they have complained about the pollution of the place due to the inability of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Department to clean up the area. Corporation (MTDC) has charged an entrance fee of T.60 per person and the vehicle has its own price.
BanjopKupar Warjriu received this donation for the computer for the development of training courses at this training centre.
He said that this price reduction has opened up the door to saving money for all households across the country.
His statement was aimed at misleading the people and causing unrest in the country.
The Minister said that there are rules for the approval and recognition of schools, but to improve the quality of education, it is necessary to look into it further. The Cabinet has approved the question on the existing rules today.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the journalists that the news should not be too biased where the readers are reluctant to read.
The areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station are Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat. except for the areas outside the Umsherpi bridge.
On the other hand, the UDP MDCs in the KHADC will now wait for the decision of the party. If the party says to withdraw, they have to obey the decision of the party and if the party says to support. “The EC led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM will also agree with the party. Whether to support or leave the PDF is up to the party,” said Bah Tweinwell Dkhar.
According to reports, there was a tire burning in front of Nehru Park, Chitoktak and Araimile areas and attempts to burn tires in Betasing and Araimile areas. in other parts of Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the KHDA claims that there are 17 members in the 29-member House.
The changes in the system of governance brought about by Prime Minister Narendra Modi are not limited to the administration but have brought about social and income changes.
Secondly, I asked why it would take so many years to build and bring in its own proper school building for the children studying in that area.
I would also like to thank our hardworking farmers and laborers who have played a huge role in building a better future for the country.
The main purpose of this webinar is to promote knowledge dissemination among the States by sharing best practices and experiences among the States.
Two occupants of the Bolero were not injured while the occupants of the Alto were found inside the vehicle.
“Even if I retire, I will continue to assist MUPSTA as an Adviser,” he added.
The prayer was conducted by the Lyngdoh of the Village, who sent Bah John F Kharshiing to tie a snepkor once, as a sign of the arrival of the good news in the village.
: The State Government has decided to increase the number of Police Outposts and Border Outposts especially along the border of the State by recruiting more than 3,000 Policemen.
It is urgent to introduce a law whereby the No-Objection Certificate (NOC) for the ST Certificate or for the Khasi Tribal Certificate should be issued only after receipt of the NOC from the Dorbar Kur.
Shillong, July 21: U DP Executive Member MDC today sent a letter of resignation to the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) two days after the UDP withdrew its support from the coalition. Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah PN Syiem, EM, Bah Donkupar Sumer, EM of the Executive Committee of KHADC, said that the PDF has sent a letter today to the Executive Committee. The CEM said that he has received the letter of resignation today.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma at the opening ceremony, expressed his satisfaction that Shillong has been able to host the International Tourism Mart for the second time.
He said that although they are fighting for the same issue, which is to urge the Meghalaya government to immediately remove the illegally erected gates, they do not support the protest by blocking the passage of trucks. Not only those who carry coal but also those who carry umphniang, have fought to block this and said that despite the protest, but at present about 40 and 50 trucks are still passing per day.
The committee headed by the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh held its first meeting today.
The road has been awarded to the company for 20 years.
The manager in a meeting with the union promised to improve the bank within the month set by the union and requested the union to cooperate so that the ATM machine can be brought to the bank.
Therefore, the people should watch carefully the working methods of this person and where the state will reach if he is still allowed to lead.
Replying to a question that the BJP has not increased the amount of funds allocated for various schemes, this is the reason why many schemes in the state have been lost, the BJP leader said that The party will talk to the top leaders to look into this so that the people will not lose.
In rural areas, all shops can be opened except in shopping malls. In urban areas, shops can be opened alone and shops in residential areas cannot be opened. They are allowed to open but shops in markets and malls should remain closed.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident to find out the reason why the policeman took his own life by cleaning himself.
Dr Mukul said the MRSSA should also be implemented in the state even if the House of Representatives accepts the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
When asked for clarification, the CEM said that there are many problems for the employees of the Council if they hold the post of Rangbah Shnong because the Rangbah Shnong has been recommended by the Council. work within the Council.
The JAC has warned that if the government fails to curb the overloading of trucks, the Joint Action Committee will take a strong decision.
In the cleaning of the dam and some parts of the tourist attraction, the cleaning has been completed. The residents have asked the PWD why the cleaning has been completed. stop.
Those who took part were mothers, elders, members of the KSU and other leaders of other ethnic groups in the city.
There are 28 recoveries today, 12 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Garo Hills, 1 from South Garo Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. Hills 1, the total number of recoveries is
Shillong, Jymmang 10: An 18-year-old girl was abducted and raped by robbers on the night of the 9th of this month. injury.
The members of the Expert Committee are Justice (Retired) Dr. Satish Chandra, former Judge of the Allahabad High Court and former President of the Custom, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal.
Other polling officers will have to leave early on Sunday morning to reach the polling stations.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The deadline for the transportation of coal remaining in the storage areas of the National Green Tribunal has expired today.
Punjab University Patiala represented by Jaswinder Singh, Robin , Pawan, and Daleep Bregar with a Silver Medal and Savitribai Phule Pune University MS represented by Kunal Vinayak Pawar, Ritesh Narendra Deshmukh, Lakhan Rajendra Bhoi, and  Om Bhupal Vinchu with a Bronze medal.
Prime Minister Duh stressed that in AmritKaal, India is looking forward to holistic economic growth along with agricultural growth.
After that, it is now clear that the development has come with the preparation to bring the scent of uranium mining into this district.
“I am overjoyed, on the day I received the news that I will receive the National Teachers' Award 2023, I was very excited.
It is to be recalled that the strike by the day laborers in NEHU has lasted for many days and their demand is that NEHU should recognize the day laborers who have worked for more than 40 years as full time employees of the university.
Therefore, the State Government and the Government of India are urged to think and take action for the benefit of the villagers who live by this work in those areas as soon as possible. The Bangladesh government's plans will not succeed.
75%, Badonjingmut Wahlang, Class XII Science student, Mairang Presbyterian Science College Sangshong.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya passed the Bill on 3rd November
“We accept the development but if that development will affect the residents and especially the Wah Umkhen we cannot accept it.
Many people from the city and villages came to witness and watch the dance, and on this day all government offices in East Khasi Hill were closed. for it is a special day.
Wanteimon Jyrwa is a sweet child of SOS Umiam and after completing his Class XII from Shillong he went to study specialized in this line doctor where he It is for those with disabilities, but this tragic incident has happened to this young man.
At the same time, before the season of planting and burial, once again, the Lord God will pour out upon mankind a blessing that is full of blessings, so that the burning and the harvesting will be sufficient. agriculture, to be able to work, to earn a living, to have a healthy body.
Referring to the police, he said that at present there is a shortage of police in the state. The government has conducted an examination for 900 police posts and the government will soon announce the 48 vacancies. At present, there is a shortage of 1800 personnel in the police department.
Along with these, the market will have an Open Buyer-Seller Meet, which will open up opportunities for cooperation in the production, distribution, sale and marketing of these films.
This is because the Seng has found that during the Puja there are some people who take advantage of the Puja to cause trouble in the villages and also many accidents in the evening. They happened every day because of the excessive drinking of the people who came to Puja.
The painting, which can be seen on the wall of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, explains the meaning of the painting sponsored by Asian Paints, Start Indian Foundation and Government of Meghalaya.
"We have requested the Minister to ensure that the ANTF should not just have a name and should fulfill its duty to curb the spread of drugs in Mawkyrwat," he said. state.
Shillong, July 08: The desire to get its own playground in Mawsohlur Village, one of the villages under Mawpyrshong Village, has been a long-standing desire of the youth and residents of Mawpyrshong Village. On the 5th January 2018, the residents of the village with a smile on their faces attended the opening ceremony of the sports ground in this village. 4.5 Lakh Through the Special Assistance Scheme which has been allocated for development works through the Chief Minister.
The Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Dawlupaia Khyriem, said that throughout these 10 rivers, the public has been allowed to swim.
The Minister said he believes that there will be 100% implementation of Government schemes and he looks forward to the day when all the poor will have cards to get free food items. gas connection from the Ujjwala scheme, electricity in their homes, running water, Ayushman Card and adequate housing.
More than 200 people took part in the Independence Day Run in Umsning and the dark weather and rainfall has slightly disrupted the participation of the youth.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi to inaugurate the Celebration of 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
The ropeway project is targeted to be constructed on an area of ​​1.34 hectares at a cost of T.138.00 crore.
The Khelo India mission focuses on the promotion of sports in the community and the identification of talented sportsmen from across the country.
“Recently, a Khasi-Pnar woman was killed by Bangladeshi robbers in Donaskur village,” said the Seng.
To create a road to help thousands of people who have been severely affected by the ban on coal transportation, which has been closed without opening other roads and
On the other hand, these two organizations strongly condemned the Government for not being able to stop the employment of foreigners who have entered the state at this time of the outbreak of Covid-1 JSU-Jowai Circle President Aplang Lamare, Vice President of JSU-Jowai Circle, said in a statement.
The union demands that the officers involved in this incident should be punished without any apology.
Also present on the occasion were the MDC of Mariang, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, the elders of the village and the village officials. children to establish their own state.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Garo National Council (GNC) Leader Augustine Marak, who is also an MDC in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), on Tuesday said that the party welcomes the elections. The PDF has supported the Garoland demand.
The constituency with the highest turnout was 1-War East of JHADC with 80 per cent turnout.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: There have been 24 deaths from COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 17 in West Jaintia Hills and 3 in West Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to 483 in Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
As the Chief Minister of the area, he urged the State Government through the Education Department to do something better for this school which has increased in the service of literacy in the area.
There will be a collaboration between the government and donors to train 2500 students to teach in each polytechnic which will also recruit students from other states in the region.
Speaking on the uniqueness of the jaidbynriew, Bah Roykupar Synrem said that as a jaidbynriew and as a party which is still fighting to preserve its own customs and traditions in the field of ethnic cleansing and census, It is the duty and responsibility of this present generation to preserve, follow and protect its unique characteristics.
This is not the first time that troops have blocked the road in the village.
He said the police should use social media to provide information for the benefit of the people.
Recalling his recent visits to the pilgrimage sites, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude when he arrived in front of Maa Kamakhya today and laid the foundation stone for Maa Kamakhya Divya Lok Pariyojana.
Most of the cases are from East Khasi Hills and 11 cases are from Umpling.
Prestone Tynsong, MLA Pynursla Constituency in the presence of Bisonroy Iano, MDC Raliang Constituency, Kyrmen Shylla, UDP candidate from Khliehriat. The meeting was conducted by Wanri Pyngrope and Golden Suchiang who are the producers of Khasi Pnar films.
Has the MPSC decided to install video cameras in the interview rooms or to conduct interviews in front of video cameras?
The OC of Mawsynram PS also urged the village authorities and the public to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies so that such incidents should not happen again in the future. or to other parts of the State.
He said that it was the 11 Salesian Missionaries from Italy, France, Spain and San Marino under the leadership of Father Louis Mathias who arrived in Shillong on the 13th of July,
He also stressed the need to have proper information on deaths along with investigations.
Speaking to SP News Agency, three contractors who were staying inside the church while they were building the sad of the church said that they were burnt to death at 3.30 pm and immediately burnt down. They went outside to call for help and people went out to pour water.
Shillong, March 02: The Meghalaya High Court has approved the establishment of a special court to try all those who have been arrested. They are the ones who protest against the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya Road Construction Department has failed to paint the 13 km road from Sammasi to Muknor village in Sutnga-Saipung Constituency in East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated all the officers and staff of the Block Program Management Unit, Mawkynrew Block and also the World Vision India, East Khasi Hills. who worked hard to make the ASHA Divas 2017-18 a success.
Under this scheme, T.6000 per annum has been released to be paid in three installments of T.2000 each which has been deposited directly into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries.
The route will be the same as last year, starting from Polo Stadium, 4th Furlong, Shillong College to Donbosco, Police Point Beathouse, Firebrigade to St Edmund, Malki, Secretariat, DC Office and turning. to Rajbhavan Wardslake, Polo and finish at the Stadium.
The Government will look for ways and means to make laws to protect the land and also the people and the Chief Executive Members have a major role to play in protecting the people in their country. their their of places.
The Chief Secretary said that the Mela will start at 10 am and end at 6 pm and will be inaugurated by Union Minister Ranjan Gohain. 100 cities in India to hold this Mela and the village is one of them.
I had the opportunity to accompany him on a visit to Russia in November 2001 when we concluded the agreement between Gujarat and Astrakhan.
The people should understand that without peace and stability, income cannot be improved.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, Deputy Chief Minister Gaikhangam Gangmei, Lt Gen Abhay Krishna and other dignitaries who attended the ceremony included the Chief Minister of Manipur. , AVSM, SM, VSM, GOC 3 Corps, L M Khaute, IPS, DGP Manipur, Maj Gen VS Sreenivas, VSM, IG AR (South) and  Maj Gen S S Mishra, GOC 57 Mtn Division.
Shillong, July 24: As part of the celebration of the 48th Anniversary of the State, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Heritage Walk which started from Nan Polok. Department of Tourism.
BJP leader Narendra Modi will be sworn in as the Prime Minister of the country on Tuesday.
According to the order, people have been banned from entering these villages and all residents within the containment zone have been ordered to stay at home for years and shops should be closed.
Staff of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) led by 2nd in Command Bah B. Sahkhar have rushed to Marten to search for Bah Marshall in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board. Commander of the Home Guards, Shillong, Mr. PH Shylla.
The JSU is shocked and saddened by the killing of Rangbah Chesterfield Thangkiew and the JSU cannot accept the police's shooting death of Rangbah Chesterfield Thangkiew this morning at his residence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Today, various church groups met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to discuss the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Registration Act 2012 which has been passed by the Legislative Assembly. Speaking to reporters, Bah PN Syiem, said that this is only a suggestion because as it is now, various religious leaders. The KHADC has received recognition from the District Council under the KHADC Christian Marriage Act 1954, which the KHADC has adopted from the Christian Marriage Act passed by Parliament. Act 1872.
Moving North-North-eastwards at a speed of 15 kmph over the past six hours, the system now poses a serious threat to coastal regions.
This will help in the development of health and education services in the process," the Children's Minister said.
He said that during the meeting, not only for the employees of MeECL but also for the welfare of MeECL as a whole, the CMD gave authority to the officers. To do whatever is necessary, do not lodge a complaint if the check for payment of bill light companies has returned.
“We are not against their marriage, but according to the village rules, those who marry non-Khasis have to leave the village,” said Bah Mawrie. the understanding of our young men to be thoughtful.
New Delhi, July 06: Rajiv Kumar, Chief Election Commissioner of India, in the presence of Gyanesh Kumar and Dr Sukhbir Singh Sandhu, met the President of India today.
At this meeting, the Speaker of the House said that as public leaders, it is their duty to work and ensure that the teachers should receive their own salary. The government has not rested but is still working on this issue.
According to reports, no casualties were reported due to the heavy rainfall.
Answering a question by SP News Agency, the Prime Minister said that if there is any problem regarding this office which the people need, he as the Prime Minister. he shall take steps to ensure that the people do not suffer.
“Ka seng also asks the State Government whether the bloodthirsty foreigners who killed Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, have been arrested and where have they been detained?   The JSU has demanded that the Government should file a case and expose those foreigners who have killed and killed the lives of the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said the statement.
Illegal residents do not need to be informed and can be expelled at any time.
On this occasion, many songs from English and Khasi songs were sung by various singers. There was also a song from the CEM and other MDCs. The celebration was concluded with a song by Bah Bindo M Lanong who sang a Christmas song in Khasi.
The KSU strongly opposes the CAA as it will open the gates to allow Bangladeshi Hindus to enter the North East and Meghalaya.
As the organization, we are deeply saddened that as the days go by, foreigners are still insulting the people, and we are surprised how he dares to do such a terrible thing.
Shillong, Naitung 27: There are 97 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 23 in East Khasi Hills and 2 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 8, South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 4, West Garo Hills 43, West Jaintia Hills
Shillong, Lber 19: Kong Anita Roy has taught how to cook natural vegetables which are suitable for eating. This training was given only to two villages of Ri Bhoi District, Nongtraw and Klew. office of NESFA.This training is to teach how the natural foods provided by nature contain strong vitamins and how they build the body. they are nutritional supplements.
Upon hearing of these people who started preparing the stepda meal by taking out the khiews and stoves to cook ata along the road, the residents of Nongpdeng village gathered and threw the 11 people into the street. including 8 males, one female and her 2 minor children.
The Election Department has set a target of 18 lakh voters in the state but has failed to exceed the target.
To promote the Hindi language, she took part in the radio programme, “Hindi Lesson”, broadcast by All India Radio Shillong (AIRS).
The facility will be used for educational purposes and approximately 1000 people may be in the facility at any given time.
He informed that the team has constructed 11,432.00 km of roads with the funding of NEC in the North East.
Speaking on the Nabon Women's Synod College, the Minister of Education said that he does not want to make any promises expressed in the petition submitted to him today. the government will do what is necessary in due course.
In South West Khasi Hills, the cyclone Remal which struck on the 27th of this month in Mawten village under Mawkyrwat C&RD Block has damaged one house.
Risingbor's musical instruments are handmade and through his understanding of quality and style.
Many of them have not yet implemented the transfer of money to their bank accounts especially in the past when the money reached the day laborers only twice or three times a year,” he said.
If any incident occurs due to the arrest of the people, the police will have to take responsibility, said the statement.
On the other hand, the union requests that if there are any offices of the state government, central government or any company please inform the union so that the union can take another route. which is right.
KSU leaders including Lambok Starwell Marngar (President), Biangbor Paliar (Vice President), Donald V. Thabah (General Secretary) and Reuben A. Najiar (Assistant) On the 6th March 2023, they met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also in charge of security at his office.
After the drafting of these rules, the rule has been known as the Meghalaya Street Vendors Scheme 2023 and today at this meeting the Cabinet has approved it with some amendments. to look at both sides.
The union also said that there are only three staff in the Sub Post Office in Mawsynram including one Sub Post Master, one Postman and one Gram Sevak Packer.
Earlier, ATSA had also met with the leaders of the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) in Guwahati and these organizations took the same decisions to work together in the future.
Referring to the M.Tet examination, the Minister said that the results will be released in the next few days so that full time teachers can be appointed. and they shall suffer five days.
The House has decided to suspend the President temporarily until the President comes to apologize or understand his mistakes.
The day was celebrated at RR Institutions, Bengaluru.
100 new Ayush dispensaries have been approved and construction is underway.
Because of the lack of revenue , it has put the government in a difficult situation to improve the schools , but if we take and implement this problem , it will help the students and this will bring the change in the children who study within the school.
The title of 1Ri Bhoi was won by Menarisha Sohphoh from Umsamlem, the first runner up was won by Mary Jones Diengdoh from Lumnongrim and the second runner up was won by Lakyntiew Syiemlieh from Umsning.
Syiem Plester Manik Syiem and Minister of Health Lyngdoh Nongum were the Chairman and Organizing Secretary of the celebration.
In his speech, Bah Ian Swer Dy SP East Khasi Hills explained the work of the police and urged the residents that if anyone wants to set up a VDP in the villages, please do so. who were willing to meet their OC.
Looking closely at the peace, stability and development of the North East was the first step under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and as a result, the region is now moving forward in the path of security and development.
The KSU has also received information that the police have forcibly entered the homes of its members as if the members of the KSU are members of an armed group.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the Chief Secretary has suspended the visit to these areas today. lyngpung of seven villages who opposed the ban on land dealers.
The race series was sponsored by MaplePine Farm Bed and Breakfast and Cultural Pursuits Adventures.
There are 10 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Garo Hills. long 92298 people so far.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: After heavy rains in South West Garo Hills District today, many villages including the police station of South West Garo Hills District have been flooded. Mahendaganj and roads were damaged.
On the other hand, Bah T Lyngwa said that this is the fact that was released from the DC's office today.
Shillong, Nailar 18: A one day training session on health issues was held at Jarain Community Hall, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills. of the District Medical & Health Office, Jowai.
The Deputy Commissioner said the program is also part of the training for the Mega Mock Exercise to be held in June 2014 (SP News).
However, the ethnic parties like the UDP which have been sdien may still sdien and other ethnic parties will snoh rdin as much as possible, except the VPP which has clearly stated to clean up. and the wickedness of the wicked shall be broken.
At the same time, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that when bringing about any development projects in the state, there should be a consultation with the people.
Referring to Bah HDR Lyngdoh who has nominated his son for this election, Bah Syiemlieh said that in this democratic country, political struggle cannot happen because this is the the responsibility of the people and not of anyone else.
To address the misuse of the position of Rangbah Shnong and the unfounded establishment of Panchayati Raj, the Executive Committee has decided to introduce the Village Administration Bill, 2013 at the next meeting in July.
N.Syiem, Chief Executive Member KHADC, laid the foundation stone of the color road inside Umsawlum Village at a cost of T.15 lakh through the SPA 2015-1
Shillong, November 23: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, November 23: Three cases from Easy Khasi Hills, two cases from Ri Bhoi and two cases from Ri Bhoi District have been confirmed positive. There are 80 people in the country.
Little Star HR Sec School, Jakrem Presbyterian HR Sec School and Tenset SS have been the winners of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament
Meanwhile, the BSF has suspended Moni Singh who fired three rounds from an SMG Barreta and sent him to the BSF Headquarters with an order not to leave without permission.
The ITM provides an opportunity for those involved in the tourism industry of Mizoram and other states in the North East to showcase the tourist attractions in the region.
He said that the delay is due to the fact that many of the NHAI officials have been jailed on charges of fraud and smoking. NHAI has also visited the East Jaintia Hills District in the past few days but no signs have been shown to repair the road.
Shillong, July 8: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it has received information that some trains are evicting residents because they have not paid their rent. that they should pay the rent in such a time of trouble.
This is according to a statement released by these four civil society organizations.
Throughout Meghalaya we see poor roads and this problem has been felt by every citizen of the State.
These PPEs were also distributed to private hospitals such as Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital, Super Care Hospital, Children's Hospital and Nazareth Hospital.
Shillong, Naitung 30: An anonymous officer of the District Commerce and Industries Center, Williamnagar, East Garo Hills District, has lodged a complaint with the police that since July 12, phone and demand money and they are still threatening.
She also requested the government to provide assistance to the ASHAs in relation to the dismissal of their fellow ASHAs.
The joint operation between the Army and the Nagaland Government to extinguish the tree which has burnt down and destroyed the flowers on the hill is ongoing as the Army has said. going to spray water up to five times today.
At this meeting, he said that Batesi TV is ready to cooperate with the Shlem to help the poor run by Rupang which has now reached its fourth edition.
The total number of cases has risen to
In a statement sent by NEIGRIHMS today, it said that all are invited to attend the screening of the film which will be screened free of charge.
It was on this day that as citizens of India, we decided to make India a Sovereign Democratic Republic.
Bah A War, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtap Pyllun, Sohiong, has expressed his gratitude to the department for allowing the village to rebuild this footpath which has been constructed to protect the residents. especially school children.
On the other hand, the milk distributors said that they have no choice but to increase the price of milk because the food supply to the dairy cows has increased. expenditure on the production of milk.
Within the framework of the MHA we are ready to talk," he said.
He said that the students of Nalanda are the future of India and stressed the importance of these 25 years of Amrit Kaal to come and urged them to take forward the 'Rukom of Nalanda' and the beliefs of Nalanda.
The previous government's seizure of the European Ward (Khyndai Lad, Kashari etc) and Cantonment areas in Shillong was not by force but by the scientific strategy of the British Government. for.
In his welcoming speech, Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC said that although he has been appointed by the ruling party, when he sits on the chair as Chairman he should not take sides but should hold. and conduct the House in accordance with the rules laid down.
New Delhi, July 31: The Indian government has made arrangements to evacuate 366 citizens from Wuhan in response to the emergency situation caused by the spread of the Novel Coronavirus in China. .
Shaiborlang Kharpran scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong and Donborlang scored the second goal for Shillong United.
There are also many questions about the information provided by the JHADC on the Trading License.
The meeting was attended by Leader of the Opposition Titostarwell Chyne, MDC Bindo M. Lanong and Deputy Chief Executive Member Pynshngain N. Syiem.
It said this would provide for investments where interest rates would be very low or no interest rates.
Speakers at the meeting welcomed Dr Lyngdoh as the new president of the MPCC. Dr Mukul Sangma, Salseng C Marak, Vincent H Pala MP, requested Dr Lapang to He will reconsider his decision to contest from Nongpoh if possible.
The incidents that have occurred are that the parking lot is not enough and they have to park openly just because they cannot run to work on time or even to go to school.
It is worth mentioning that these 46 shops belonging to foreigners who opened their shops illegally in the area 13 mer to Byrnihat did not have a trading license from the KHADC office. Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that shortly after the closure of these shops.
Indra Sawhney filed a petition against the Central Government in the Supreme Court on 16th November 1992, and the outcome of this case was that the special allocation was not right. to exceed 50% and more than that will be disqualified.
The President of the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KNU), Bah NN Sahdap, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden death of the former HNLC leader. in the household after this tragic incident.
The Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) Police have been fighting since the afternoon until the time of writing of this news. 10:00 pm.
“To say that they were defeated because it was because of the defection of the party, there is no such thing,” said Bah Nongrem.
“I urge them to cooperate, consult with parents and teachers to build a strong future where as intelligent youth they will build a strong society and nation”. he said.
The Committee requests you to explain in writing your statements which appeared on Batesi tv as mentioned in para 1 (a), (b) & (c) above and also to explain why the organization will not take any decision against you as a member of the association, on your violations of the association's constitution.
The march ended at the Tirot Sing Indoor Hall, with an explanation from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare regarding the vaccination campaign which will start in Meghalaya on the 24th of this month. .
There are 8 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of recoveries is 92,1
The Minister of State for Forests, James P Sangma this year has accepted the demands and changed the name of the park to Phan Nonglait Park.
It was recalled that it was on the 12th of June this year that they were evicted from the village. However, they are ready to make peace if the village accepts as they have proposed even though they have not done anything. “We don't want to fight against the village”.
In this regard, the Executive Dorbar of Rapleng Village has warned the tourists to follow the rules of the village in order to maintain cleanliness in the tourist attractions of the village. .
The house belongs to Jemala Lymba. The fire destroyed all the belongings without losing a single small item and the loss reached lakhs of rupees.
At this meeting, the KSU has appointed Bah Dany Khyriem as Chairman of the Election Committee and Bah Samuel B Jyrwa as Secretary for the conduct of the election of the party to be held on elect new office bearers of the party for the year 2017 to
She said many start-ups want to work, are involved and collaborate with ISRO on space related activities.
Shillong, November 04: The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the message is clear to the MPs and MLAs of the state that they should go together to Delhi to demand the Inner. Permit Line.
It is time to install video cameras inside the interview room to ensure that it is clean and tidy without any defects or errors and at the same time so that the interviewees are comfortable. They can ask for a copy of what they answer during the interview and also to see what the interviewers ask, but if they can't do that, how can we say that it is clean?
At the same time, he said that there is a need to educate the people to understand this farming industry.
John F Kharshiing, said that it is necessary at this time to convene the Dorbar Ri to continue the decisions of the Dorbar Ri on 14 Jan 2004, the second on 6 October 2007 and the third on November 2011.
Since its inception in July 2015, the Mission has tried several innovative initiatives such as a competition among cities to select 100 smart cities.
Police said that these vehicles were parked in the same area and another bottle of petrol was recovered from the parking lot.
The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun and others, the meeting unanimously decided that on the day of the meeting with the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, a letter will be issued. The Mawlai MLA, Mawlai Town Durbar and Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Mawtawar have agreed that the office of the Mawlai C&RD Block should be opened at the place allocated by the Mawlai Town Durbar.
and DHS. A meeting of parents and students can also be called to discuss further on this, said the GS of JSU. (SP News).
“We cannot come back twice on this earth.
The HFU leaders urged the buyers not to cut kilos without any basis but the buyers gave reasons why the farmers don't say anything when cutting kilos. There are those who are old and those who are old.
He said that as the Khasi identity is unfounded, it is hoped that the government will take action on this Clan Bill.
He said that before the abolition of the Lut 500 and Lut 1000, India's income growth was 8% in GDP, but now it has fallen to only 6.6% in GDP. a serious threat to the economy of the country.
Police have registered a case against the seven persons under the Explosives Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Congress Leader Bobeeta Sharma today criticized the statement of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on the claim that Meghalaya has not had any development in the last 45 years. you have received a book in this state.
Shillong, November 23: The Judge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah S Kharsyiemlieh today swore in the seven new MDCs who won the mid-term MDC elections held on the 13th of this month. The counting of votes was held on the 16th of this month and these seven candidates were the winners.
The body of Bah Kyrmen was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong for post mortem before being handed over to his relatives for the last rites.
The film is about the Maoists who fought against the Maoists 50 years ago. Not only the struggle but also the worldview in which the people are the victims. India also speaks out and the problem of peace and stability is from the Maoists.
The states of the North East have begun to see the models of development in other countries and also the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and are now on the path of development.
UP School on June 10,
Also present on the occasion were Bah PS Dkhar DC East Khasi Hills District, shopkeepers who distributed ration along with officials of Link Well Tele System Pvt.
The festival will help other countries of the world as well as other states in India to understand the culture of Assam and the customs and traditions of the people of the state as a whole. Many sports events were held on this day and prominent personalities of the world attended the festival including the Indian wrestler “The Grest Khali” and singers. Himesh Reshamiya, Bhoomi Trivedi, Shweta Pandit, Neeraj Shridhar.
Referring to the perpetrators, Dr Mukul said the law will do whatever is necessary. He praised the state police for their efforts in arresting the perpetrators. to the wicked.
Prestone said no other countries from the world will come to take part in the exhibition, but at present it cannot be said as the decision has been taken today.
The mother said that this morning they went home crying and decided what happened for the child.
The Chief Minister today also issued a warning to all the contractors who carry out the works of the government that if they work torti the government will not accept and they will be punished according to the rules.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has received the names of Meghalaya students who are staying in Ukraine and the names have been sent to him. secretary of foreign affairs and pledged assistance.
The bodies of these two men were post mortem at Shillong Civil Hospital on Friday.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said that as leaders, they have tried to work together as ethnic parties but it is not easy because new parties have emerged. On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the HSPDP, he said that there may be differences between the two parties but the goal is the same.
Even if you give the name of our group to the media, we will not stop doing our work,” said the statement.
Dimapur, Lber 15: Four soldiers were killed in a bomb blast near Moreh village in Manipur district at around 7 am today.
The AICC leader also alleged that there has been discrimination against minorities such as Dalits, discrimination against women, misconduct in relation to COVID-19, mismanagement of MSMEs. , the abolition of the GST and the exemption of taxes for the rich.
The Department of Development of the North Eastern Region has been sent to monitor the situation from time to time and measures have been taken by the Department of Development of the North Eastern Region.
At this time he explained the number of the ATM card and said that those who have three digits behind them do not know please tell and at this time he told and to verify the card number he asked at the fourth. Four times and immediately after telling, a message came that the equipment had been purchased for T.80,000/-.
This scope is further explained by the Director, DSEL, Shri Swapnil Tembe, to have a positive impact on the supplementation of meals being served under the Scheme by improving the nutritional status of students and also to educate and culminate the ever thriving students a healthy, sustainable and mindful eating habit.
The fires on both sides of the road have also caused a lot of trouble to the passengers passing through the road.
Banteidor Lyngdoh Minister of State, Jason Mawlong MLA Umsning and Latiplang Kharkongor MDC Shillong, Lber. 03: Four MDCs have written to the Chief Minister of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to complain about the election of leaders in the KHADC. The four MDCs who sent this letter on 02/03/2020 are Lambor Malangniang MDC independent, Martle Mukhim MDC MDA. HSPDP, Batskhem Ryntathiang MDC from Congress and Sherborlang Mawlong MDC HSPDP. In a letter sent to them, they said that it is necessary that the leader of the UDA should be elected by the MDCs and not by the MDCs. In the letter, they said that the MDCs should not be allowed to elect their fellow MDCs as CEM in KHADC. They informed that the post of CEM in KHADC is the responsibility of the UDP. According to this arrangement, only the MDCs of the UDP will elect the CEM in KHADC. The Executive Committee was dissolved on 22/11/2019 and now it has been three months but nothing has been done. He said that the inability to do anything is due to the fact that the MDCs were not allowed to elect their leader.
He said that the party will not hesitate to resolve the issue faced by the farmers and the party will go out to talk to the government authorities to hold a meeting with the buyers and sellers. and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima so that the problem can be resolved.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar has requested to use the land along the road for 10 days with the MES with the intention of building a footpath for the benefit of the people. Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek has sent officers from the PWD (Roads) Department to inspect the site.
To the relevant authorities in charge of this section.
During this distribution, the foodgrains were handed over to the Rangbah Shnongs to look after and distribute the foodgrains to those households who are eligible and entitled to receive them selected by the village.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The sudden passing away of Bah Lambok Thabah Editor of Nongsain Hima newspaper today has shocked all the journalists and this is a great loss not only to the family but also to the people. Please do not participate in this newsletter.
A policeman from Meghalaya who works in Delhi was injured in the blast.
The distribution department has already provided the ration and within a few days the people will receive the ration.
The survey showed that many of the rivers in Jaintia Hills are highly acidic and contain high levels of iron and sulphate.
In the case of Police, Unarmed Police personnel have been discharged in all 11 districts, 296, while in the Armed Branch, 117 personnel have been discharged in 11 districts. long.
When our members inspected and found the office closed, they investigated and asked what caused the government office to be closed all day long. He is still traveling around the world to Sikkim and other places.
During the Christmas celebration, they also discussed how to strengthen the party in the coming days in Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew and Nongkrem. in the year 2023.
Kapil Choudhury said the state government should create posts corresponding to this category according to the number of MPW (MALE) employees if there is still a need to continue this post after the election. 30.9.2014 and to appoint them as full time employees.
This meeting was only to express their demands.
He said that through Krishi UDAN, farmers in the area can export their produce to other parts of the country and abroad.
On the part of the political parties, in honor of the two leaders of the state, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh of the HSPDP and Clifford R Marak of the GNC, all those who ate kwai at the door of God They worked hard to demand their own state but it did not succeed.
Speaking to media, he said the government has already taken all the necessary measures to protect the people. The state of Assam will not be affected by the state of Meghalaya.
Kharbani said that HANM will not allow such incidents to happen in the country because the brothers and sisters of the village have been treated as foreigners, while the Airport Authority of India Hundreds and thousands of acres of land in the Diengpasoh area have been purchased.
With major decisions such as strategic disinvestment of PSUs and reforms in taxation, employment and banking, the country's economy has strengthened.
Maska Primary Unit, President Oisid G, Gen. Secretary M and 34 members.
The Director-General of the DIPR-NEC, Mr MR Mahapatra, said, “The mountains of the North East of India will meet the mountains of Nepal during this festival.
The second part of the scheme deals with disease investigation work.
In this regard, the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has expressed its deep sorrow and shock over the brutal rape of a woman in Teksragre village, West Garo Hills and strongly condemns the incident.
If there are parts that affect Meghalaya, they cannot accept and at the same time there are many parts that cannot be understood in relation to the Draft National Education Police.
The presence of this testing center in Tura will make it easier for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare that the samples collected from Garo Hills do not have to be brought to Shillong. part of Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Judge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Dr S Kharsyiemlieh today swore in Bah Bindo M Lanong as the new MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the presence of CEM Teinwell Dkhar, Chairman. Bah Pynsngianglang Syiem, EM, officers in the household.
Furthermore, to avoid being deceived by companies, online earning apps or people who promise to earn 10 percent from a small amount of money.
At present, those owners of Pajwa build Pajwa burning shun and those owners themselves dig Mawshun from their own land and land and do not buy from abroad.
The three arrested were identified as Silman R Marak, 30, of Komilapara, Elias Alom, 24, of Babubpara and Nur Hussain, 22, of Gomaijhora Sailkandi. in West Garo Hills District.
New Delhi, November 27: The NITI Aayog today released its fourth report on the implementation of health measures in the states of India.
There are steps to eliminate sickle cell anemia through two methods.
Danny Nongrum, Asst. Education Secretary, will supervise the circles in Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong, Laitumkhrah, Malki and Laban. Mawkynrew, Laitkor, Tree & Mawlyngad Circle.
The way is there for all those who want peace and development, the state government has already prepared to fight against those who fight against the state, its people and its country.
India's ethanol and gasoline production has increased from 1.53% in 2013-14 to 10.7% in 2023, and India is currently building three second-generation ethanol plants to convert agricultural products into biofuel, and this will further reduce environmental pollution from the burning of forests and agricultural land.
“When it comes to the protection system, especially the use of force without the consent of the guardians, it is unacceptable considering the rights and truth,” said the AIM. Meghalaya has expressed its concern that there has been a lot of pressure on school children to complete the Aadhaar. A firm decision to state that Aadhaar should not be implemented in schools and should not be taken from the beginning of enrollment of students.
The Court also found that there is no sign of the repair of the road before 15th March 2023 and the construction of the 57 kilometer road which will be completed before 15th November 2023.
These teachers now receive only T.6000/- per month.
During the 36 hours of curfew called by the HNLC, it went smoothly without any incident.
“We have discussed this thoroughly and we have directed the state government and suggested how to proceed in this regard, by talking to the community, talking to the members of the Council and conducting public awareness meetings through Self-Help Groups,” he said.
The progress is a sign not only of the technical development of Customs but also of the CBIC's commitment to the country's progress in KartavyaKaal.
Less than 100 Congress supporters, MLAs Himalaya Shangpliang, PT Sawkmie, Dr Azad Saman, MDCs U Bah Banjop Pyngrope, Mr. Carnes Sohshang and Mr. Charles Marngar.
On the other hand, the president urged the workers of the party to work hard to build units in different villages and places of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Through this, the recovery rate has now increased to 62.78%.
In the petition, the KSU said that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District is committed to improving education in the area and is concerned about the shortcomings in this regard.
DGP worth more than T.300 crore has been seized by the Meghalaya Police within two years, said the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi. it is the closest to the Golden Triangle.
On the other hand, the police who were waiting at the scene when they saw that there was a riot to stop the incident, they lathi charged the people and in this lathi charge. They don't have the spirit of the people who have been killed.
In his speech, the Chief Minister said that the demand of the teachers will be taken to the Cabinet meeting in the first month of November.
In fact, since the 28th of last month, the union has met with the Chief Engineers Commercial of MePDCL at Lumjingshai, Shillong where we have demanded from him two explanations, that MePDCL intends to hand over Only the two Sub-Divisions in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram, have already been informed and demanded that MePDCL should open the soskular and explain to the public the operation of the company from now on.
He said that the Chief Secretary of the state has taken seriously this issue and every day he talks to the officials of the Central Bank and the RBI office to look after the money. You should not return to this state at all.
BSF, Meghalaya troops of the 4th Battalion on Thursday seized 375 smuggled smugglers' smuggled goods across the India-Bangladesh border. bottles of Phensedyl and sugar were seized from those who tried to smuggle them into Bangladesh across the border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
The cost of construction of rooms for Mali including electricians of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly is 60,847 tyngka.
“This may be a political ploy by him with the aim of overthrowing the current EC of KHADC and to get back the seat as CEM. change the meaning and change the basis or maybe it's just a trick to mislead the public about uranium”.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the sohsaw traders, who did not want to be named, said that sohsaw from Ri Lum Khasi is sold well to Bangladesh and this has affected the price of sohsaw. he is more expensive now.
This will open up opportunities for income generation for the state.
Shillong, July 31: The Dorbar, convened and chaired by Paiem Latho Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co. -Chairman, MIDC, Spokesperson, Syiem Khynnah, Lyngskor Hima Mylliem, along with many Ministers, Priests, Raid Chiefs, and many Rangbah Shnongs. , Secretaries of Villages, Elders and Leaders, from various Villages and Raids of the Hima Mylliem, after the discussion, it was decided to invite all the Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Hima Dorbars, Sengbhalang , together with the children of thousands to attend the Fourth Special Peoples Parliament, to be held on the 13th 2013, at Mairang, Khadsawphra Hima (Nongkhlaw Hima).
On the other hand, the union is deeply saddened by the silence of the DC South West Khasi Hills despite the fact that our report has been completed.
Several schemes have been launched in the country with the aim of bringing about the welfare of the tribals.
If you violate these rules, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar have the right to remove or suspend you from the post of Minister,” said the Syiem. the authority which has been given to you with honor for yourself and your tribes.
He said that the GNLA demands that the government should listen to their demands and those demands are that the government should reduce the number of GNLA members. to withdraw the central government troops from Garo Hills and the union has accused the government of not listening to their demand.
The use of ethylene gas in immature seeds increases their ripening until the seeds can produce ethylene themselves to ripen.
There were social contracts.
The number of Block and the literacy rate is 74% in the Civil Sub Division and the number of primary schools in the area and the implementation of schemes of the Central Government under the Civil Sub Division.
There are 12 recoveries from West Jaintia Hills, 7 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from South Garo Hills. to 13412 people.
At present, the road has been cleaned along the road but the cleaning has not started yet and the question now is whether the PWD will do anything to this road which has been standing for many years. The question is who will clean up the road because there are two contractors as shown by the signs on the road.
Commander Shangpliang said that on the 4th December, the party will hold a special meeting at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall at 10.30 pm and all the farmers of the state are invited to attend. He urged the farmers to call 8837287374 if they are not clear or want information about the HFU. so that they may elect office bearers in every village in the state.
On the other hand, Marak said that the Congress party's failure in the last election was that many of its supporters had fled before the polling day.
It is learned that although the NCP, which has two MLAs, has supported the Congress which has led the state government, it has not given ministerial allocations to these MLAs. The party has unanimously decided to appoint Bah Shullai as the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in honor of him as the leader of the NCP of Meghalaya and in collaboration with the MUA government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
“This will raise health awareness across the country," he said.
If something happens to our country and our nation, there is no need to blame or blame anyone else.
West Jaintia Hills District.
Other districts include West Khasi Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 52, West Jaintia Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 15, West Garo Hills 11, South West Garo Hills 4, East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills
The group hopes that this construction of this house will be remembered among all the members and others and for generations to come and at the same time the group would like to congratulate all the friends from the children, young people to the elderly who have joined hands to contribute to this household.
I repeat that this Act is not a law for the youth who have responsibility for the nation,” said Bah HS Shylla.
A check of Rs 4.5 crore was handed over to Rajeev Mehta, Secretary General, Indian Olympic Association.
The tournament was conducted by the 19th Bn BSF in the Jaintia Hills Sector and the 11th Bn BSF in the Shillong Sector.
The important thing is us, we will do our part," he added.
The AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, with deep sorrow, strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who have no forgiveness even for a 16 year old Bapli schoolgirl, who lost her life. I'm going to take it.
The KSU cannot just look at the problems faced by the CHC, if the relevant department does not take action we will have to think of something else.
The injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS Casualty from 9 pm.
Recovery in India, recovery from India is the purpose of the revival of Ayush.
According to HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin, “On the part of the Minister of Law, Ampareen, she has expressed the need to look into these suggestions once again and has promised to consider these suggestions and will take action. The roster was not only approved by the Law Department but also by the Cabinet of Ministers of the MDA Government last year.
The Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is fighting as hard as it can to ensure that no part of the country is left behind, he said.
On the other hand, the Adviser of ASHAs, Sony Kharjana, said that Ampareen's statement to equalize the ranks of ASHAs and MLAs is impossible where MLAs receive the same salary as MLAs. ASHAs should receive a monthly salary but they cannot even meet their household needs.
Explaining about the results of the workshop, three types of participants – the heads of all the schools, teachers and students of the schools took part in the discussions by sharing their ideas. their feelings and suggestions for Viksit Bharat @2
The letter also requested the bank account number of the family members for the purpose of sending the money.
T.120 crore will be spent to improve the runway, taxiway and apron at Agartala Airport.
The project was constructed at a cost of more than T 8450 crore on an area of ​​80 kilometers in West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh.
During the 1971 war between India and Pakistan for the liberation of Bangladesh, the Balu-Tura road was the most important road for the movement of troops.
Speaking as the chief guest, Shri Noor Ain Khan, Member Secretary, Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, reminded and surprised that it is not true but it is a reminder to man to wake up before he sleeps. Your strength will destroy and destroy your source, the fire of nature.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The office bearers of the National Federation of New States (NFN) today held a protest at Janter Manter in New Delhi to demand their own state.
Regarding the disappearance, Kong Aibi Syiem has lodged a complaint stating that Bah Bronly has left his house since 30th June 2024 at 6:00 pm. Lawmei village in East Khasi Hills District.
Through this process, forest areas grow 30% faster and after 3 years, no more maintenance is required.
The Custom Department has prioritized fraud to combat ruser crimes such as smuggling of gold, cigarettes, drugs, wildlife organs, counterfeit money, counterfeit goods.
These forms must be submitted by 6 pm on the 16th of March.
The union will also lodge a complaint with the EM Trade and EM Labor of the Council regarding the findings of the union on the presence of Council officers who are brokers and the lack of permits for these factories. who works in another state.
Regarding the appointment, Bah Ronnie said, “We leave it to the CEM, because they (NPP) have 12 members and we (Congress) have 6 members.
He also promised that the Central Government will look into the issues of the state and that the projects planned for the state will be implemented in an expeditious manner.
Before the re-election, there was also a welcome ceremony for 20 elders and women led by Bah Jop Tangsang, Bah A.Mujoi and Kong R.Klein. He was with the Congress party.
Regarding the T.78 crore, 40 households from three villages in Nagrabil, Pillangkatta A and Pillangkatta B, have handed over their land to him to offer to sell their land. The total area of ​​the land has reached 7000 acres, but as the BSF has not yet taken over the land, the money has not been paid.
Therefore, all these actions are a lifelong struggle against the RAI of the Supreme Court of India, which is one of the three pillars of democracy. in India and it is the only one that can explain and clarify the Constitution and laws made by the Legislative Assembly and implemented by the Government.
Kinjarapu Rammohan Naidu (TDP) has been appointed to the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
Shillong, July 05: The Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Limited (MCAB), which is the only cooperative bank in the state, will announce this month a reduction in the interest rate. This decision has to be taken by a special committee of the Bank.
In terms of mapping, Primary Agricultural Credit Societies (PACS) which are not operating as fertilizer vendors will be identified and will be encouraged to operate as fertilizer vendors according to their capacity and in the existing manner. with different parts.
The GSU has already sent a letter to the PWD department to take action. The GSU has threatened that if the government does not listen to their demand, they will not be able to do anything. according to the law in this public system.
Speaking to reporters after the SAFF meeting, he said that at this meeting, it was decided to appeal to the people of the state, various religions, civil society organizations, civil society organizations politicians should not be involved in such accusations.
In his speech, the Speaker of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the office has tried to provide four computers for the journalists with Internet access. It is said that this room is not open only during office hours.
To do this, you must first change the Service Rule.
Their appearance surprised those who were invited to attend.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed the resolution to oppose the Central Government's plan to implement the Unform Civil Code in the KHADC. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (CEM) Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that the district council has received T.21,83,13,587.00 for the year 2021-2022 and T.13,88,60,803 for the year 2022-2 The revenue shall be paid by the State Government.
He said that it is through paintings that the world shows the uniqueness of the people and their culture. He said that the Indian government will go to Czechoslovakia to exhibit the North East Festival. Drawings from the region will be submitted and drawings from the Riti Academy will also be selected as well as traditional singers.
The requirement to apply for recognized universities is NAAC 'A' grade with at least 3.01 CGPA in three consecutive cycles or NBA recognition for two thirds of the programs in three cycle continuously or in the top 50 ranks of any NIRF list for three consecutive years or in the top 100 ranks of NIRF Rankings for three consecutive years.
“We will see, we can sit until night or all night and they will continue to protest if the government does not listen to their demand for the confiscation of land and the release of Kong. Agnes,” said Angela Rangad.
In another incident, police have recovered the driver of a vehicle from Lumawbah.
Many of the problems faced by the retired soldiers were also resolved on this day.
L.Gympad, Chairman MSCS.(SP News).
One is Ward Lake in Shillong and the other is Thadlaskeiñ in Jowai.
Latest reports from Garo Hills said that even the Chief Minister will not be able to win easily this time as the opposition will try to put forward only one candidate.
Mizoram is one of the few states in India to start Yuva Tourism Clubs in schools and colleges.
The new VC of the university, Dr. Darlong, is a specially trained teacher in Zoology who graduated from NEHU in
The deceased was identified as Warson Sangma, 32, a teacher of Lower Primary School.
The Rapit test in Ri Bhoi from Khanapara B has now reached 13 Miles and the total number of people tested positive for COVID-19 at NEIGRIHMS has risen to He was from Tripura and was placed in Isolation Wards for treatment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: KSU Mawbah Unit, one of the offices of KSU Mawprem Circle on 14th November 2019 as a sign of celebrating the Special Day of Children, has distributed school supplies to all the children. This is also an encouragement to the children who live in this village and the conduct of such a program on such a day will also be to congratulate and encourage them before they go to take the exams at the end of the year. that they may fight well and reap the fruits of victory.
This is the first time that the event will be held in Garo Hills and will be inaugurated by the President Droupadi Murmu at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Grand Finale of the Singing and Dancing Superstar Season 1 was held on Saturday. at Mission Compound, Shillong.
The closure of the office of Rapido was on the allegation that Rapido was operating illegally in the state without a proper license by stealing the license plates of the state residents. as Aggregators to earn money by transporting passengers to Shillong and other parts of the state.
Shillong, Lber 09: The BSF troops of India in a meeting with the Bangladesh Border Guard in Shillong, on behalf of the Bangladesh Border Guard (BSF) in Shillong. The BSF has said that they should stop the smuggling of counterfeit money into India from Bangladesh.
The suspect was identified as Badal, 66, from Bariktila village in Bangladesh. The counterfeit money was worth Rs 2,000 from the border. The same village also seized ammunition.
For the construction of houses while no agreement has been reached with the government, the KHADC will issue a letter to the people who need only the houses which are G+3 which means three floors.
He said that the registration of new voters has been done in such a way that no one will be left behind and he said that most of the voters are women.
In the letter, it was written that as the state will go to the general elections in 2023, all political parties have been directed to obtain permission when holding public meetings or marches.
The residents started in the morning and decided to stay until nightfall if the government does not intervene to resolve the issue.
After requesting information through RTI, it was found that those who participated in the election were paid T.1000 tyngka only for four days while the Election Commission of India has decided to destroy it. for the days spent for the election.
The total cost of these 23 meetings has reached T.2,13,96,000/- tyngka and this amount has been paid by various government departments which have conducted the meetings.
It is clear that this MLA is involved in the misappropriation of hundreds of crores of rupees for the construction of two lanes in the area and only for the mining of uranium.
Through the discussions, the findings and evidence were also discussed in relation to the measures to further develop the skills of children, the responsibility of the community to responsible for providing traditional training, and providing arts-based training as the appropriateness of these practices is found based on research.
This program is a sign of the fulfillment of these commitments.
There are 16 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 7 from West Garo Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to There were 92385 cases and 1595 deaths.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Border Security Force (BSF) today paid its last respects to the two soldiers who lost their lives in the shooting incident in South West Khasi Hills Meghalaya. Tuesday in Bagli.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Health Minister AL Hek were also present at the ceremony.
“We hope to see signs of the death of Bah Marshall and we suspect that he will survive,” said Bah Chyne.
The Chief Minister said the state government is now turning to Westkhasi Hills and East Garo Hills to develop these districts and the area from Mairang, Rongjeng and Williamnagar to the Durama Hills.
The program also witnessed a public hearing on many government schemes and dances, songs and skits by members of various VOs and SHGs of Mairang Block.
Herbert Joe Wanniang, OCD and Dn.
Hostel accommodation and Fooding & Lodging-Free daily until the completion of the Training will be provided by IL&FS free of charge for those who will have to attend the Training Centers in Umsning. and Umiam Khwan (East).
The scheme has come into operation from 1st November,
New Delhi, June 07: The President of India, Draupadi Murmu will inaugurate the four-day Vividhta Amrit Mahotsav on 8th June 2024 at 11.15 pm. ha AmritUdyan, Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Bajop Pyngrope MDC of Rambrai said that the MDA government led by the NPP party under the leadership of Conrad K Sanma has done a great job which other parties have not done. these past 50 years.
This freedom of entry has led to the emergence of insurgent groups which are the disruptors of society in the country and the state.
The medical device market in India is estimated to have reached $11 billion (approx., T 90,000 crore) by 2020 and its share in the global medical device market is estimated to reach 1.5%.
The Chief Secretary was accompanied by DGP Peter James Haneman.
“They have threatened the household and the Dhar clan and are no longer allowed to work, farm and cultivate fields.
From these two places, the gang looted about T.85,400 thousand from Umduba plant and T.1,90,000 from Umnowe Killing plant.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Trycolur said that they have lodged a complaint at Mawngap Police Station against three persons suspected of robbery. I don't know what to do with this.
Adrian said that the convention also included awareness campaign among the party youth on the Bharat Joda Yatra led by AICC leader Rahul Gandhi as part of the unity among the people of the country. in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 1404 people from the state have returned from Bangalore and these have arrived in Guwahati.
Trinamool Congress leader Zenith Sangma on Tuesday filed his nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections from Tura Parliamentary seat to be held on 19th June,
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday destroyed two illegally built Coke Plants in East Jaintia Hills District.
New Delhi, November 31: To ensure the development, care and protection of women and children, the Ministry of Women and Child Development has taken several measures under various schemes, laws and facilities. activities, festivals to disseminate information and open access to education.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Khasi Students' Union Nongkrem Circle welcomes and congratulates all the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep who came to witness the Shad Pomblang or Shad Nongkrem which was held at the Syiem Sad Square in Smit on the 6th and 7th of this month. November.
On Miani's statement that there is something behind the tender, the Minister said that although the authority is in the state government to call but the state government has to. follow the guidelines laid down by the Rural Electrical Corporation (REC) of the Central Government and the work will be completed on time.
On the allegation of stone throwing, Assam police have arrested a MeECL employee and the Secretary of Umsawli Village without any reason.
In the annual calendar for 2016 released by the CBSE, it has been announced that 25th Dec will be Good Governance Day. working on this date requires strong support from all sides.
The competition was organized by Global Model India with the participation of beautiful girls from the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Nepal and other countries.
Bah Dkhar recalled that it was through this school that he was able to improve in his job even though in the early days he had to face difficulties. We must be hardworking because our parents work hard to send us to school and educate us.
The District authorities also request the public to support in this regard to keep this place clean.
The last party to withdraw from the election will be on the 26th of this month.
Kynsailang Khongsit scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong in the 58th minute.
Trucks heading to Jaintia Hills have to pass through the Bye Pass.
According to sources, today is the Mawdon Market Day where people from the border area used to come and go to this market because it is very old. .
On the other hand, Minister Kharlukhi said that the Hima and the Dorbar are pleased to visit again to ensure that the people follow the rules and regulations as many of those who come to the market have forgotten the government's directives. the people followed the rules.
He said that the promises of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek have promised to take up the issue of the 108 employees to the Cabinet meeting but several cabinets have been held but no one has been able to do so. expressed the government's willingness to resolve this issue.
Regarding this, the health department has met with the village authorities and their family members to explain to them and all of them have given a promise not to appear again until the appointed time has expired.
Other decisions taken at the meeting were to demand that the CAA should not be implemented in Meghalaya, to strengthen the party and to hold the General Council of the party on the 16th of June. year.
Guwahati, Jymmang 14: Leaders of political parties from the North East under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma Chief Minister of Meghalaya today returned from Delhi after working hard. The CAB, 2016 should not be passed in the Rajya Sabha.
The union has also submitted a letter to the Government through Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal expressing its opposition to the construction of the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
The fight against the disease in the state has shown a close relationship between the ASHAs and the villages.
They want to know immediately who is the owner of the M/S Double Seven and why the tax has reached the account in Itanagar.
Shillong, November 06: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) has sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam which has not been resolved yet. these days.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Khasi Students Union (HYC) Photjaud Rangthong Unit has strongly condemned the kidnapping and shooting of Samla Pynshainglang Wanniang. This morning at 9.00 am while Pynshainglang was sleeping at home, about 20 people came in a truck pick-up and claimed to be the suspects. Members of the KSU, they robbed them from their sleep, took them to the KSU office in Mawkyrwat and shot and killed them.
They are the ones who have the power to show power, because they too have the power to issue orders but they feel that they don't want to create a spirit of ethnic discrimination among the villagers in the state.
Referring to the importance of chemical-free agriculture and the use of digital technologies in agriculture, Shah said this is a priority for the Government of India and the The establishment of a multi-state cooperative society by merging Amul with five other cooperatives to promote pesticide-free agricultural products has started.
“I am a BJP MDC and the NPP is working with the BJP in Delhi and the state but in GHADC, the NPP has turned a blind eye to the BJP in all aspects even in the distribution of development grants. The BJP Government in Delhi through the Rural Local Bodies (RLBS) under the XV FC,” said Marak.
Shillong, November 04: The Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Hima today said that they have received information from the Chief Syiem of Mylliem Hima that Basan Nongkseh Laikpoh has been appointed.
TB affects mostly those in the working age group (15 to 45 years) leading to loss of wages and pushing TB patients into poverty.
Prestone said that the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has promised to improve the National Highway-6 by the end of November or the beginning of November. the first week is the second week of April this year
The total budget for the 12 km project was Rs 973 crore as of May,
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) DD Lapang on Tuesday said that any party worker, party members who fight against the party whether they are MLAs or members of the party the party also the party will punish them.
Dkhar said the government should set up police outposts in Mukroh, Saba, Psiar, Khanduli and Umkyrpong villages as the Assam government comes to harass and attack the people living in these villages from time to time. villages in the Jaintia Hills.
According to sources, the Meghalaya government has been issuing mining leases only to the cement companies using Mawshun.
The farmers who sell jhur when they met with the leaders of the HFU to find out the truth about the unfounded kilo cut and this has caused loss of income to the farmers.
In this regard, the union has already sent a letter to the state government.
On the other hand, NEHU, after implementing the NEP-2020, the university has conducted another job fair and this job offers jobs from grade 10 to the highest grade.
This College week was a lively and successful one with the participation of the students of this College.
Tura, July 18 : To preserve and preserve the cultural heritage of the ethnic groups of the state, the Meghalaya government for the first time, has introduced traditional games such as Rah Moo Khrah, Mawpoiñ and Wa.
In connection with this, the purchase of this vehicle came after receiving information that the old vehicles can no longer operate.
According to the President of the MACC, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, while they were walking along the road in the evening, they found four bombs. The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) vehicle carrying the drugs was found to have been dumped at Marten.
Police have registered a complaint against 15 suspects under Case No. 177 (07) 2023 U/S 7(1)(b) under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, Chairman of the District AYUSH Society. The posts of Ward Boy, Ward Girl, Sweepers, Cook, Chowkidar, Jamandar, Peon and others have been advertised by the DM&HO office on 15th June
In this meeting, the government also proposed to the teachers that the government should also set up a New Pension Scheme to benefit them before they retire, for the adhoc schools. The government will promote them to deficit based on the performance of the schools and the service rule for teachers will be completed within six months.
Other weapons seized include 1 9mm pistol, 2 mags, 16 unused 9mm rounds, 4 Claymore boxes, 15 meters safety fuse wire, 39 detonators, 23 mobile phones, 34 batteries, 1 Sonny. Digital camera,  1 Kodak digital  camera , 1 portable color monitor, speaker cable, bad PCB wire.
Assam also won gold medals in the team event through Snigdha Goswami, Jakir Hussain, Biki Datta and Kalyan Sahul.
On the other hand, the civil society will hold a public meeting on the 11th of this month to urge the government to arrest him.
The incident happened at 10 pm on the 23rd of this month.
Jowai, June 27: The government has rejected the demands of five political parties, including the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CGB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC. These five organizations together with the people of East Jaintia Hills District, this time, have intensified their protest by calling for a complete strike. The 48 hour curfew in East Jaintia Hills District will start from 5 pm on the 30th of this month and end at 5 pm on the 2nd of this month.
“We strongly condemn this act, and there are some parties which are no longer civil society parties but belong to political parties like HITO and HYC,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Pa'im of the Mylliem Hima, Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction to learn that the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, will visit the market on the 2nd of April.
It is time for us to come forward and ask the Government how it can do whatever it wants to the youth especially the youth who have prepared for years and who have completed their studies.
Therefore, this Mission will not only improve the income of the farmers but will also contribute to the conservation of the environment.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: There are 15 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, of which 2 are from East Khasi Hills. District.
Dr. Kharlukhi also launched the book 'Shi Hara ki sur Poetry and Essays' written by Dr. Davidson Diengdoh.
Mawkyrwat, Iaiong 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its surprise over the closure of the office of the Ranikor C&RD Block without opening for a single day since Monday 17th in Ranikor.
The SP said that on the 20th of this month, police searched the truck and the inside of the fuel tank and found something hidden inside the chamber of the tank. the oil top.
So far, 250 cases have been registered against them and the investigation against them is ongoing to find out the truth about the perpetrators.
He congratulated the leaders of Lyngngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School for raising the school to this level and soon they will open the college.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah Elkin Rynñiaw, said that the MLAoVI has been replaced by the National Inclusive Society for the Visually Impaired (NISFDC). which will look after the welfare of visually impaired persons.
The Government of Meghalaya has constructed a 2-lane road from Shillong to Dawki.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent Basaiawmiot CEM of KHADC said, “Because the party is still working well in East and West Khasi Hill districts, the CEC has decided to suspend the party. in these districts to attract the people to this party which is also through the needs and desires of the people that this party should work in these districts”.
The people of this area have to go through Nongstoin or Mawkyrwat to meet their BDO in Ranikor, as this place has been neglected by the government for many decades.
He said that from now on at state meetings, the speech of honor will be “Hon'ble Governor”.
Regarding the border issue with Assam, the RDA has urged the Chief Minister to hold talks between the two states to find a solution. Resolve this border dispute between these states with mutual understanding and respect.
The aim is to establish a modern center to assist the states of the North East and groups implementing innovation and implementation projects, innovation development. new and functions as a Central point of the most fruitful business practices in the region.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked to improve the health of people in the country. poor, especially children and young people.
“The film industry has given us a lot, we should give back to the Kannada film industry," Shetty stated.
At this meeting, the work of the UPA government was explained to the public and MP Pala said that this is not his own work but the work of the party. for the sake of the people.
The Minister said that the recruitment process is ongoing and the government is struggling to ensure that they do not complete the process of merging with the PFMS as soon as possible. They informed that at midnight on Thursday night there was a fire at a gas cylinder in Dawki village and on receiving the information, they rushed to help extinguish the fire.
The Nursing students of NEIGRIHMS won the most prizes.
The work has progressed and the NEC has allocated funds and if it comes through it will help us a lot,” he said.
Shillong, March 9: The President of the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (KJNU) against the police of West Jaintia Hills. Open police beat House.
However, we have not decided to leave the ILP, and we have said that whether we win or lose, it will be clear to the people who have given their full support on this issue.
The construction of the monument to those who sacrificed their lives for the struggle for the independence of the country, this groundbreaking ceremony started on st July 2023 to commemorate the 75th anniversary of years of independence of India has brought back the spirit of patriotism.
Thomas expressed his regret that since 2019 until now no one has spoken on the issue of ILP and this shows that the 60 MLAs who passed the resolution on the ILP and the introduction of They have used the Khasi language only to spread the word among the people because they have not taken care.
Since 2014, in eight years, the central government has built more IITs, Medical Colleges and AIIMS across the country compared to the previous 70 years.
States should also monitor those districts with less than 10% positive cases in order to protect these districts by increasing the number of cases.
Hamletson Dohling won the MLA election from Mylliem in 2018 on the PDF ticket and in the 2023 election he has resigned to join the NPP party and contest the MLA election this year. party.
The people who came to listen to the counting of votes were from all over the constituency and expressed their hope that the UDP party will continue to do the work of Dr Donkupar Roy. and the bread at the door of God began with those who were left.
The Brahmaputra River flows through Assam where tourists can go boating and the rivers of Arunachal Pradesh that flow into the Brahmaputra offer white water rafting activities.
Furthermore, when it was seen that besides the color road, it was changed to clean with dewbilat and that it was still very small besides the road which has been a violation of the rights of the residents by trying to intimidate. and also not to allow it to be used as a public road.
The recent protest by a mother from Ri Bhoi District to demand the government to improve the road to Nongpoh area was canceled after the government promised. to do something.
“Another issue we have raised is when we learned that a person has been arrested on drug charges but unfortunately there is no mandatory follow-up procedures. for their part.
“In his soul, he has a determination, a goal to bring economic development to the North East and for a better future for the people of the region. It is very important for us Ministers to look at this area and ask what we can do more for it.
FPOs receive assistance in applying for GI registration. Fees for registration of various IPRs have been refunded to MSMEs. Awareness has been raised on relevant rights and IP among MSMEs. Udyam Samaagam Districts are planned and approved for all 731 districts of the country.
Mawsynram, July 13: The MLA of the constituency, Bah Pynshngai N Syiem, has failed to do anything to improve the development of the area especially to improve the road which is the source of income for the residents of Mawsynram. Nongshluid area and the lack of action to help the area is lagging behind in all aspects has angered the Mahila leaders in the area to resign from the party or the MLA. The decision of the Mahila to leave or join hands with the Congress in the village was taken at a meeting held on Saturday (12/01/2013) inside the village. The President of the constituency, Kong Dlos K.Lynser, on the grounds that the MLA of the constituency, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who belongs to the Congress, has insulted the residents of the constituency in terms of development. He has not kept his promises as he did in the last elections and they are just planduman promises.
The Minister stressed on the need for good programs by saying that it is such programs that attract people and it does not matter how many towers are planted if the programs do not attract people.
In his speech, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander LalooHekha, said that the Government has implemented the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) to alleviate the poverty of the people. to the loss of money with the help of technology.
“The Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the construction of these projects worth T.5,400 crore has been submitted to the Central Government,” he said. the Cities will be funded by the State Government, the Government of India and through private funds.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, EMRI 108 employees and the HNYF. this whole state.
Since 2018, the group has met with the Chief Minister and said that once the Block is relocated from Khliehriat to Wapung, the government will do whatever is necessary. The Block has been transferred to Wapung.
“The FDA has once again affected American families by allowing such a factory to have lifelong customers and future generations – American children.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include the introduction of amendments to the Meghalaya Farmers Commission Amendment Bill, 65 years old.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Forest Department of the Government of Meghalaya today informed the public that it has set up the phone numbers of the Forest Department officials that if there are any dangerous trees that can fall and cause damage. injury they can call the forest department to cut them.
He graduated from Sainik School, Rewa (MP) and joined the Regiment of Jammu & Kashmir Rifles in
In these election campaigns, the candidates and parties have also done their utmost to encourage the people to give their support to the person or persons whom they have nominated to achieve the goal of the election. victory that they may be able to do what they have promised.
The union said that this collection of money from coal trucks is every night especially from those who carry illegally without Challan.
Shillong, July 20: Although the UDP and HSPDP have already submitted a letter to the PDF Leader Bah PN Syiem, they have not yet submitted a no confidence motion on the opening day of the Budget Session. .
They expressed their understanding and responsibility that until today there is no clear explanation on the powers and responsibilities of the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid Dorbar Hima – Elaka Dolloi, Sirdarship or A. “King Nokma, under the 21 Sixth Schedule or under 300 Articles of the Constitution of India, and to get that clarity we need the cooperation of the District Council and the State Government because there are three ADCs under the Meghalaya, said Bah John F Khashiing, Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States.
Shillong, Lber 26: Around the river banks in Shillong, there are signs prohibiting the dumping of soil in the river and such signs have been placed on the banks of the Wahumkhrah River.
At the same time, he urged the students to be brave to take the more difficult courses and not just the easy ones. and his head is heavy while he is still falling and his head is still heavy, in the same way the difficulties he faces will still expand his mind and in the same way he will still grow in wisdom.
New Delhi, November 11: Prime Minister Narendra Modiu has said that the Supreme Court's decision on the repeal of Article 370 is unique and confirms the consistency of the decision of the Parliament of India. on 5th July 2019 in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
The Government will issue this amount to the banks which have been informed by the Government, whether they are Private Banks, Cooperative Banks or Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) not to use the money and NABARD will withdraw the money. RRBs and Cooperative Banks.
Information on international employment, which can be collected from the two political parties and nine election management bodies, such as the questionnaires distributed to the 30 (a) Grounds for the framing of the guidelines The Supreme Court in its hearing ordered the Clear Power of Election- to develop guidelines for the content of election proposals in consultation with recognized political parties.
When asked whether he still has the desire to return as CEM of KHADC if he wins the election, he said that this village is up to the party to elect. He said that he was originally from the Congress party and after being expelled from the party he formed the PDF, but after he lost the election there was no There was no more crowd for him, so he left and didn't want to talk to him.
This is the statement of Samla Marconi Thongni, President, KSU Ranikor Circle.
At the same time, it was decided to strengthen the party by registering people in the party.
We also thought that the cooperation from the villages through the VDPs would be a good thing and we would renew the number of VDPs across the state.
The purpose of this ban is to prevent people from across the border from entering India.
Shangpliang said it is difficult to ensure social distancing in the market but even so, the members of the union and the parking lot employees have tried their best to follow the rules. This is to avoid being banned by the district authorities.
The state currently has about 250 pandas; Across the state, 123 of them are in East Khasi Hills, 116 in Garo Hills and 11 in Shillong.
Police are investigating to find out more about the money hidden by the GNLA from its supporters.
The union invites and urges all taxi drivers of East Khasi Hill to respect this day which these unions have organized. How should they attend the meeting of these organizations to hear for themselves about the protest which has been going on for three months now, and there are those who have opposed this request if anything happens. they shall bear their heads.
I would like to remind the government to immediately evict my friends who live in this area and not just promise the word from one year to another and now it has been more than five years. which is a great shame and shows the lack of responsibility of the Government until the Hon'ble High Court had to intervene.
Bah Thabah, who was arrested, has been remanded in Williamnagar jail and the MPDA has charged him today.
The union leaders said that the lack of philosophy subject makes it difficult for the students who will go to graduation as this is also a very important subject in all schools.
Despite the requests of the BSF troops to stop the photography, the man did not listen to their request.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of CEM Titosstarwell Chynre today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma. recommendations on the amendment of the Sixth Amendment to the Central Government.
Shillong, June 03: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, General Secretary of the MPCC, today said that the Congress party will win both the elections. seats in Meghalaya in the MP election to be held on the 11th of June.
However, he said that the State Government is working hard to create rules that will suit our way of life.
Kiang Nangbah was one of the fighters against the British rule and in this struggle the British arrested him and punished him by hanging him at Iew Musiang in Jowai.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah P Syiemlieh Secretary and Bah R Sawian President of the party.
Shillong, July 08 : U Bah R Monarch Shabong of Umniuh Tmar, who is also the Editor of Rupang newspaper, u They have written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to express their concern over the flow of fertilizer from the border areas of Ri War to Bangladesh.
The rally will start on the 13th of November from Delhi and end on the 3rd of November in Bangkok.
As soon as they heard the sound of the siren, all the people should stand still and listen.
In his speech, he said that due to the overcrowding of the blocks, many times it causes differences in the development of the country and this mistake needs to be corrected and this has been done by building new blocks. The availability of these new blocks will help in accelerating the development of the villages.
It is a great honor and pride for Meghalaya that Kong Silbi Passah has been selected to receive the Padma Shri in
The death toll has risen to 9, 5 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. 899 people.
The Minister of Electricity said that compared to the light outages, the electricity generation is lower than in the past, the difference between the past is that the electricity generation is lower and now the electricity generation companies are closed. the government has not been able to fix it.
They (MHA) said that this affects because Meghalaya is the gateway to Mizoram, and you cannot disrupt the movement of people from Barak Valley or those coming from Guwahati to Mizoram,” he said. said.
Through wisdom, knowledge, confidence and close relationship with the people, our leaders have been able to achieve this social structure between the country and the people and have been able to give us a Constitution that has a solid foundation and is flexible enough to meet the needs that arise with the changing times.
However, for about 7 years now, the party has accepted people to become members of the party who have written at least two books, any book is no longer just a textbook.
The NH 40 has been made single due to the queue of coal trucks and it has put at risk the passengers, according to the union. This is for the sake of the welfare of the residents of Kathain War as a whole.
Police have registered a case under Section 386/120-B of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation is ongoing.
Three beauties from Meghalaya have been selected to take part in the Philippines.
The Chief Minister said that during the meeting today, the Ministers discussed the current situation of COVID-19 in the state.
The letter states that Joy Shankar Jamatia, Meghalaya Police wants to arrest him in connection with the crimes he has committed and falls under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri police station. The SP of Gumati has ordered his men to search for the suspect and if they find him, they will arrest him and inform the Meghalaya Police.
The Chief Minister said that Umshru village falls under Baridua and the Chief Minister of Assam has said that he has no knowledge of the incident.
Shillong, July 17: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have worked hard to fight against drug traffickers.
Speaking after the members of the House welcomed him as the new Lamphrang of the House, he said, “The duty of the District Council is not to do development works, but to do of me, is to look at the nation separately.
The number of cases by district is 424 in East Khasi Hills, 87 in BSF, 69 in Army and 268 in civilians. Jiantia Hills 6, West Garo Hills 72, South West Garo Hills 2, South garo Hills 2 and North Garo Hills
Shah said we have to prepare ourselves for floods due to rain bombs.
Speaking to reporters, President Adrian Chyne said that the reason for their opposition to the CAA is because the implementation of the CAA is only for the benefit of one political party. just to get votes.
The Minister said that the suspension of works is not only from Assam but even the people of Meghalaya have suspended the works carried out by Assam. only in those places and not on the part of the government authorities.
Regarding the travel expenses, other expenses should also be increased in relation to other duties that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent them especially in the fight against COVID-1
The death of Bah Sumar has left Meghalaya with no more journalists from the Khasi community who took part in the Hills War. State to witness the development of Meghalaya.
It is learned that through Bah Sadon Blah President of the HNYF to be the ksiang in the peace talks, the Vice Chairman of the HNLC has spoken by phone and explained that there is no such action on the part of Bah Synshar. Not at all.
“The use of technology, such as drones, will take Gujarat and India to new heights,” he added.
Shillong, November 17: The Governor of Meghalaya has appointed Phidalai Toi as the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women under Section 3 of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, 2005 for a period of three years. .
On the other hand, Bah H Nongpluh ADG of Police said that the police force in the state alone is not enough, so they have already written to the MHA of the Union Government to request more police teams from the state. The local government, however, did not disclose the number of jobs because it prohibits disclosure.
The Prime Minister said he has met with the leaders of the Adhok teachers many times and explained what the government has to do, but this has affected a lot of money not only in billions of rupees but also in billions of rupees. It is for this reason that the government has to look into it.
The Government is taking all necessary measures to improve the quality of education at the higher levels in the rural areas as well as to enroll more students in the rural areas.
Shillong, November 23: U Bah Latiplang CEM of KHADC, on Tuesday said that if you want to be forced to come to the House, you should not work in Motphran.
In his speech to the BSF, the Governor praised the BSF for their courage and dedication to serve the country without hesitation. India to live in difficult places such as forest areas where shelter is not enough but they have surrendered themselves for the sake of protecting their country.
The sale of kiad pathar in East Jaintia Hills is very high in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills due to the lack of responsibility of the law enforcement authorities to look after the welfare of the community. Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH said that the excise authorities have an understanding with the illegal drug dealers. The increasing crime in this area as it appears in the daily newspapers has caused a lot of trouble to the women and children because the willingness of the kiad sellers to sell to the drinkers has encouraged them to create trouble in the villages. “The kidnapping and murder of people by drunkards is due to the slowness of the excise department,” said Samla Rymbai.
Kathrin Rani, Senior Manager Finance, said that the light cut to MeECL will continue until it has paid the light bill to NEEPCO. SP News Agency said that NEEPCO has already written a letter to MeECL to pay the bill in Meghalaya. on the 25th of this month but MeCL has not paid.
On the other hand, the Minister requested that if anyone knows that there are teachers who do this, it is better to inform the government so that the government can punish such teachers.
Police will take him to Shillong.
Shillong, November 17: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced that the BCCI has approved the construction of an indoor cricket training center in Meghalaya and four other cricket training centres. In the North East, the tender will be called for the project.
“Your registration or recognition from the Central University may not be affected.
Implementing the order of the Election Commission, the authorities in charge of law and order, especially for the upcoming elections, have enacted Section 144 Cr.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State and MLA of 19-Shillong South today inaugurated the Greenery Children's Park at Lumparing. Speaking at the opening ceremony, u Bah Sanbor said that the playground has been donated by the Forest Department of the Union Government. The Secretary to the Union Government, after receiving the documents, was handed over to the Forest Department of the State Government.
Arwan S Tariang, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem is a shad that has been performed by the jaidbynriew since ancient times in Mawkhar. and this dance has been held at Madan Weiking since 1911 and has been held to this day.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The residents of Shillong today queued up at 3 pm before the opening of the Raj Bhavan Shillong, on the occasion of the 77th Independence Day.
Shillong, November 26: Lambha Deilang Suchiang, Chief Engineer, Road Construction Department, Shillong, has been appointed as the Interim Secretary of the State Road Construction Department.
“Another important thing is that if you slaughter one cow or more, there should be four or five slaughterers, because one slaughters one part and is sent elsewhere to slaughter another and so on. Once harvested, all the machinery and people have to be operated,” he added.
The raid started from the Fire Brigade, Beat House area, Shyllong Market and Police Point to Don Bosco Square.
Shillong, Nailar 31: “Ka Sur ki Nong-Mawlai” today sent a letter to the Ministers of the MDA Government and also to the MLAs of the Legislative Assembly from Khasi Hills to demand that the The Government should temporarily suspend the police involved in the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Rymbai said that they have the right to protest against the government when it does not give them what they don't get. Their rights which are the rights of human beings are not to come to this place to do harm.
However, we must be brave and stand on our own ground as we have been the indigenous people of these areas since ancient times.
Residents should be vigilant to protect themselves as floods can occur after the rain especially in areas near rivers and streams.
He added that the distribution of chest numbers to the participants will start from the 26th to the 29th of this month from 10 pm to 6 pm. Participants from Sohra area can come to Sohra and also other information related to this day can be obtained. from their districts.
What makes the people confused is whether the price of goods has increased from the shopkeepers in the city or only from the shops in the village. The village shopkeepers say that the price has increased since they bought from the merchants.
Shillong, November 26: The elders of the Baptist Church, Tura were surprised to see that the door of the church at Hawakhana in Tura has been paid.
All the railway lines that used to run only one way have now been converted into two-way railway lines. India.
As the civil society organizations who have been waiting for this day to meet and discuss the demand for ILP in Meghalaya, they want to hear from the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government. he will give an explanation no matter what.
The Government has already directed all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of all Districts to be vigilant and ready to assist the people at any time in case of floods. you are the earth.
Shillong, July 10: The Livestock Department of the Meghalaya Government is in the process of setting up a farm in the state to raise Masi Prut, known as Mithun in the state. states of Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
The union also urged the Dy CM to direct all government departments related to the agriculture department and others related to the farmers to respond to the letters written by the farmers. and they shall not be silent.
The shop was opened today and will be a platform for the farmers of the state, the artisans and craftsmen to exhibit their handicrafts to the world through this shop. Meghalaya is the state of Meghalaya.
Many Khasi Pnars have been living in poverty since the ban on coal mining, and if people cannot open shops and bills, they will die,” said Bah Arki Lamare Vice President of the HYC in a statement.
He said that at present there are 28 villages where women have taken part in the Dorbar Shnongs and out of these there are 6 villages where women have been elected as executive members of the Dorbar Shnongs.
The villages which will fall under the Mawphlang C&RD Block are Nongrim Sadew, Rit Mawiew, Sadew, Laitjem, Mawkriah East and West, Umthlong, Lumsohriew, Marbaniang Umseiniong, Mawkalum. , Lad Mawreng, Mawreng, Mawreng Mihngi, Lyngkhwir, Kharnongwah, Laitpynter Synrang Kaban, Kreit Mawshaton, Marbisu Mawsmai, Ummylle, Saw Lad Marbisu, Pdeng Shnong Marbisu, Mawngap Mawsmai, Mawngap Dukan, Mawngap Lumparing, Mawngap Mawkharshiing, Mawngap Rim, Mawngap Khliehshnong , Lad Umrisian.
Details of this event can be obtained from the KSU office at Jaiaw Chapel, Shillong.
The East Khasi Hills District Police Department in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday said that the signs of the IED blast in Iewmawlong area are very similar to what happened. The HNLC has detonated an IED bomb in Iewmawlong area.
Speaking to reporters, Manstudy Nongrem said that the Consultative Committee has completed its work and today submitted its report to the CEM of KHADC. They have submitted to the CEM, but when the Bill is brought into the House, it will be made public.
It is also interesting to know that Computer Classes will soon start at NESA where even judoka and newspaper vendors can come for free training and if you are interested please inform the MJA. and Meghalaya Newspaper Hawker & Vendor Association.
It also helps to manage, guide and promote the nursing profession and explains to nurse administrators and supervisors how to support and provide care according to priority needs.
According to him, the number of Polling Stations has increased from 3512 to 3482 in the 2023 MLA elections.
The union, as it has initially decided to oppose the uranium road, will stand on the same ground and will continue to oppose it because they understand that as initially it appeared that it is a pre-uranium mining activity. The Government of India is trying to hide the facts and say that it does not want to mine uranium just to convince the people of the area to agree to go ahead with this road. .
The JYF is surprised to see in one of the newspapers that R. Lytan, Shkeh Suiam, Baniewkor Passah, P. Kyndait and Dangheini PL Phawa, have asked for an explanation from the President of the JYF. It should be clarified that in which clause or Article of the Constitution of the JYF that the President can nominate election candidates in the name of the party, those who question the constitution of the party are only stupid and Because of the constitution of the JYF from time to time we can amend it.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Managing Director of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) has announced that women over 60 years of age will be allowed to travel if the vehicles of the MTC are not working. to pay money.
At the same time, Bah Shangpliang urged them to avoid the temptations of mobile, social media and the culture shock.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that this decision is not the government's but the office of the Speaker because in the House the authority lies with the Speaker.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that 108 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, of whom 27 are from the armed forces and 81 are from civilians.
“I want to go in April.
One of the reasons is the lack of food and drink, especially when a person is weak.
Railway projects under construction include the Agartala-Akhaura-Rail link linking Agartala (Tripura) and Akhaura (Bangladesh) and the construction of the new Mahisasan (India)-Zero Point (Bangladesh) railway line. )" will promote connectivity between the two countries.
Regarding the protection of the workers, the government has ordered the purchase of 15,000 PPEs, 15,000 N95 masks, 6 lakh Three Ply masks, two ventilators and Surgrical. clove 20 lakhs.
Twenty-eight delegates from the G20 countries and invited countries from Argentina, Australia, France, South Korea, Mexico, Turkey, USA, Oman, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Experts from China and abroad also attended the conference.
To strengthen the police force, the government will set up police stations in Nonghyllam, Nartiang and Jingal.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today announced that in accordance with the directive of the Government through Order No. Curfew from 17th 5 pm to 24th June 2021 at 5 pm.
Therefore, he urged the people to come together and elect these two candidates so that they can provide better services to the North East.
“We have requested the Labor Department to provide food for the children who have been released from the places where they were employed,” said Kanoongo.
Police said that the name of the deceased is still unknown and if anyone knows or knows, please visit the morgue in Shillong. Civil Hospital Shillong.
Such actions of the District Karbi Anglong authorities have affected the livelihood and work of the Hynniewtrep people living in these areas and also those who have to travel there.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that the total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to to 3297 people.
The Police Intelligence Department has been strengthening its efforts to ensure that such incidents do not happen again and has been vigilant in terms of peace and order in the state.
The Minister said that the company will be part of MeECL and the establishment of MEEPL is to address the changes in power generation according to the changing times.
The Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul has been invited to attend the ceremony along with the Ministers of State Government including Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, Ngaitlang Dhar, DC West Jaintia Hills Bah Peter. S Dkhar, SP West Jaintia Hills Bah Herbert G Lyngdoh, MDCs of JHADC, and other government officials came to witness this famous festival.
The Health Camp was opened by the Moderator of the Presbytery, TBn.
Shillong, June 24: U Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma demanding that the government should immediately reverse the price hike of petrol and diesel. .
These youths were beaten, robbed and attempted to be killed by a group of about 15 people.
Shillong, June 25: About 52 unemployed youths from West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills Districts have attended special training by the BSF at Mawpat.
In addition, all BSF personnel were awarded the President's Police Medal.
The traffic jam in Shillong is a major problem. The completion of the Shillong Bye-Pass has helped a lot. To relieve the traffic jam, the government has implemented the Mawlai Bye-Pass. Pass and this will be completed soon and this will help to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong. Because of the increase in the number of tourists, the government has prepared new roads, where The Shillong-Western Bye-pass will be constructed from Umiam and will connect to Nongkrem via Mawlyndep, Mawmih, Ladmawreng and Mylliem.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Answering a question by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the Minister of State for Lands, Kyrmen Shylla, said that the government has allocated land to 2426 people, including government agencies, individuals and to groups.
Rituraj said the elections have ended and now it is time to ensure that Meghalaya will get a strong government. The state is in trouble.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Thangsning Cricket Club today launched the 1st Open Cricket Tournament 2017 at Thangsning Village Ground. and also from the supporters of the two teams who reached the final from the neighboring villages in the presence of many Kynrem, Lyndan and invited guests.
The self-isolation of paradoh parasnam who have returned from other places where upon arrival in the state they comply with the government's guidelines and go straight to the quarantine centres.
Bah War said that the road blockade has been going on for three days but the PWD has not come to talk to them and explain why the road blockade has been suspended. Why can't the PWD explain the suspension of the NEGRS scheme? The village will continue to block the road until the PWD authorities have left. to explain to the people of the village.
On the 27th June, 2024, the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) has cleaned up the fallen trees at Springside School in Malki, Shillong.
The opening ceremony was attended by Ajay Kumar Sahu, Deputy Director General; KVK Prasad Rao, Deputy Director General (Administration), Ashok Kumar Jain, Deputy Director General (Compliance); Dilip Kumar, Deputy Director General (Rural); Rajesh Kumar Maheshwari, Deputy Director General (Security).
The Superintending Technical said that only the applications requested by the state government will be sent to the central government, as it cannot be the customs department to accept the applications of individuals or groups to open new LCSs.
Saikal Sumar Secretary of Lapangap Pyllun Village told SP News Agency that the incident happened at 12.51 pm today. No one was injured in the incident. .
Larsing Ming Sawyan, CEO and Managing Director of Shillong Lajong FC, said that this is outside the club but it will help in raising funds for the club.
The Deputy Chairman of GHADC, Methirson G Momin, resigned and became one of the 10 MDCs who signed the no confidence motion against the EC. The GHADC dorbar tlang has started today and will end on the 27th of this month.
To encourage the students to continue their studies, 10 laptops were also distributed to the students who passed well and the scheme was launched by the MLA of Kharkutta.
Regarding the government's inability to implement the ILP, the party does not blame only Dr Mukul Sangma Marwein but all the political parties in the government including the private MLAs who gave the ILP. I support this government led by the Congress party.
On the same day, police have arrested another drug dealer identified as Bah Gabriel Elvin Thabah, 33 years old from Mawprem. mobile.
The Palm Oil Mission will make India a leader in the edible oil industry and will increase the income of the farmers, said Myntri Rangbah Duh who thanked the farmers who cultivate this crop.
Shillong, July 7: The Deputy Commissioner of Block Development Unit, Mawkyrwat today conducted a public training on how to Be clean by cleaning up the Mawkyrwat market.
The three names who received the award are Darihun Mukhim, MTET, Ribhalin Mukhim, 12th pass and Brodalin Mukhim, BA pass.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi States strongly urges that when the State Government informs the KHADC authorities that they do not have the Legislative Competence to pass such Bills, they should have convened a meeting. The KHADC and the Federation of Khasi States to discuss and clarify who else can form the Council or Assembly of the Khasi States.
The incident in Manipur shows that the state government is no longer able to maintain and maintain peace in the state, as the citizens of India demand to punish the rioters.
He said that the party's main goal which was confirmed today will be on this basis because if the district is established it will help the people of this area, not only in terms of employment. but in many ways all in the employment of the people.
It was further written that Dr Mukul Sangma said that his ministers and MLAs in the government if they have concern for the unemployed youth should take a decision to raise the age of job seeking.
At the same time, we must understand that there is no short cut.
He also urged NGOs, religious organisations, schools, colleges and especially all the 36 MLAs to join hands with KAS in its struggle to include the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra ka Riti. the government of India.
The PIL will be filed by many Muktiars in Shillong including those from Nagaland and Manipur. The CAA, 2019 violates Articles 14, 15 and 21 of the Constitution.
Speaking on the Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, the Minister said that the Ministry is working hard to empower MSMEs to develop in a sustainable manner and to adapt to the circumstances around the country. earth.
Lieutenant General RS Panwar, General Officer in Command 101 Area led the laying of wreaths at the memorial at Rihno Point.
In addition, there are also houses that have been destroyed by the cold.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 89 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills, 14 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 70 cases in East Khasi Hills. Ri Bhoi 1, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 1 and West Garo Hills 2 cases.
The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) today opened another branch at Saphai village in West Jaintia Hills District. Saphai Village is a village on the border with Assam.
He said that these 56 sub stations are newly constructed and according to the rules, they can be handed over to the private sector. MeECL has a budget of about T.700 crore which the government will find difficult to assist.
“However, the Government will take action on this and hopefully the work will be completed as soon as the Prime Minister returns,” he said.
These forms of dance are sometimes immoral and not suitable for infants.
Batesi TV reporters are still at the scene to gather more information on the incident.
Shillong, July 03: The Meghalaya State BJP has written to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to urge the government to resolve the shortcomings in the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme so that the people shall not be ashamed.
Referring to the smooth running of the election, he said that as the officers who should conduct the election, they should have the responsibility to ensure the smooth running of the election.
Shillong, November 20: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to amend the Meghalaya Construction Workers Rule 2008 for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya. they are the workers of the day.
“We express our deep sorrow that almost 50 years have passed since we got our own state, but we have not yet had strict laws to protect the Jaidbynriew.
Due to the increase in rape cases, the police have set up a help desk at the Jowai Police Station for the public to report immediately in case of rape.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Assam government has informed the Meghalaya government that one doctor at Guwahati Medical College has tested positive for Dr B. Borooah Cancer Institute Guwahati has passed away from COVID-19 on 07/05/2
Others include Primson Makdoh from HSPDP Umsning, Donlang Sohkhlet from Umsning and Adrian Mylliem Chyne from Jirang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The 23rd of November is the SENG KUT SNEM Day, the day to commemorate the founding of the Seng Khasi. to turn and correct one's own nation.
Regarding the CAB, the KSU is firmly opposed and for tomorrow the KSU will implement the decision of the NESO. .2020.
At present, the government revenue department is still unable to implement this e.
This song is created to encourage every voter to become the builders of a new India, who understand their duty and also their right to vote for the country without discrimination. on the basis of rank, class, religion, caste, residence, mother tongue or gender.
The BSF has handed over the money to the Danger Police for investigation into the smuggling of money from Bangladesh to India in Bangladeshi currency and to take action according to the law. .
The number of cases by district is 1, East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 60, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 19, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 3, West Garo Hills West Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills
Before the independence of the state, the United-Khasi Jaintia Hills District Council had this ILP and even since the time of the British rule, the Bri U Hynniewtrep has had the ILP but since the independence of the state. .
Shillong, Lber 24: Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station have received a complaint that a 14-year-old girl identified as Chunthailiu Gangmei has been missing since the 19th of this month.
The Ed result of the 2015 examination which is the first batch of 2013 and the result was released on 22nd July 2017 will be discussed on that day.
When receiving such calls, people should immediately report the incident to the cybercrime helpline number 1930 or get help.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Himanta Biswas Sharma congratulated the officers and hard work of NEPA and the Director Gya Nendra Pratap Singh.
A fee will be required to attend this program.
On the same evening, the relatives of the deceased identified the body as Bah Rishad Singh Kharmutee.
This will not only be within Mawsynram Block but in all those places where Internet is available, in those places where Internet is not available, that the internet is not available for the convenience of the public.
“Therefore, in implementation of the authority conferred under Section 144 CrPC, and to protect life and property and to prevent any tragic incident, this order has been issued prohibiting the burning of plants, trees and others, in forests and open spaces, in parks, in planting areas, in shrah and burning forests, in areas that fall in East Khasi Hills District.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi MP to the Rajya Sabha and his term expires on 21 July
He mentioned the blooming of Neelakurinji flowers in the Nilgiri Hills, an event that happens only once every 12 years.
They said that in fact the Prime Minister had scheduled to open the PHC on 16 October 2022 but suddenly the opening date was postponed and on the second day it was scheduled to open on 29 October 2022 but this too was postponed due to the visit of the Prime Minister to Delhi to sign the MoU for the border settlement.
The Seng also informed the CEM of KHADC about the increase in illegal factories in West Khasi Hills which have received NoC from the Dorbar Shnongs, giving the example of Ms.D.Ferro Alloy who has been working in the country. in the West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 12: Meghalaya Police have registered a Suo-Moto case on 07 July 2019 against the North East Students Organization (NESO), which supported the KSU to call a curfew on 08/0 /2019 from 5 pm to 4 pm in the North East of India by distributing leaflets in Shillong to protest against the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill Parliament.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Former Laitunkhrah MLA Robert G Lyngdoh, who won from the Congress in 1998, passed away today after a long illness.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 :U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, Meghalaya, today announced that the fees of T.1697291678/- for Pre Matric and Post courses have been released. Matric examination for the year 2021-2022 to 61116 students in the state.
All stakeholders including teachers, principals, headmasters, school leaders, teachers, parents, students, community members, voluntary groups, experts.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Kimfa said that the people have helped MeCL to ring the signal lights. On Sunday there was a service and the people wanted to get the light.
To address the problems faced by the refugees and also to assist and protect India from this problem.
The Units have requested all the farmers in each village to come and take part in this meeting of the HFU to discuss this important issue which has affected the farmers of the state as a whole. .
To clarify this allegation, TUR demands that there should be an independent commission of inquiry to find out the facts.
Other ethnic groups who came to take part in the exhibition were Bihari, Nepali, Assamese and police cadets of IIM Shillong.
The registration fee for large factories will be T.5 lakh, medium factories T.2.5 lakh and small factories T.10,0
The 54-page election manifesto released by the Congress party today contains details of the measures to be taken if the Congress comes to power in the Lok Sabha elections. Assembly.
Shillong, November 13: The BJYM Meghalaya strongly condemns the unfounded allegation by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit President of the HSPDP against the BJP that it is the headquarters of the RSS at a meeting at Madan Malki. .
In a statement sent to the media, the party said that through the newspapers published on 15 Oct 2016, the party has seen the desire of Shillong MP Bah Vincent H Pala to unite the party. Meghalaya by rail and other parts of India.
The first Regional Workshop for the Central and Western Zones will be held on 20th June 2023 in Goa.
Shillong, July 29: In an effort to prepare and train the youth of the state for their future, the Government of Meghalaya, through the Sports Department of the State, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education, has organized a The Aspire Meghalaya program has been launched in all 12 districts by AVENUES, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Cabinet has decided to amend the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act 2016 to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state. come immediately.
According to a newspaper yesterday, the state government through Prestone Tynsong has authorized the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District to arrange with the NFR the proposal to resume the construction of the railway line. The KSU expresses its surprise and anger over this decision of the government.
Rimpu, a former member of the GNLA, was with them and police believe that he was the one who spread the video of them taking the Forest Guard bus during the incident. Shillong, Naitung 04: U Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that he is the leader of the BDFB. The Khasi Author's Society (KAS) has organized a meeting at Shillong College as part of the protest for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. It will pass a resolution in the House to send to the Government on this demand.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: A sudden storm has struck parts of South West Khasi Hills District today at 11 am. Ranikor Block has been destroyed.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 38 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the country. West Garo Hills 20, West Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
They were arrested by the Byrnihat Police Station from the gate of the highway to Shillong.
Initially, there was a marathon for men and women which started from St. Paul's School to Pahambir.
It is learned that the government's position is based on the 2011 report, which was submitted to Assam at that time and the present government says that it cannot turn back, if it is so they understand that as an organization if going in that direction the danger and the problem in this second round in border negotiations.
He appealed to the State Government, various groups and private individuals to support him for this good cause so that he can bring glory to the country. India, the State of Meghalaya and the nation as a whole.
Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner and Secretary, Planning Department, Government of Meghalaya, while answering questions from the media, said that the meeting will discuss issues related to the environment and the production of and Meghalaya has decided to preserve the environment.
There are 180 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 70 from East Khasi Hills and 69 from West Khasi Hills. 78793 people today.
Referring to the fence on the border with Bangladesh, he said that 70% of the area has been cleared so far and the remaining 30% is in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. of slowness must not yet have gained ground.
Therefore, the Government will take these measures if there are still those authorities to appoint temporary or Adhoc employees without following the rules, so that the payment of salaries of such employees will not be issued. Their names through the Data Base and the Treasury Officers have to be careful not to accept them if there are such.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, NBCC, who urged all to work hard to win Bah John Kharshiing in the MLA election 2018 to bring glory once again to the Nongkrem constituency. .
Shillong, March 9: The Business Advisory Committee headed by the Shnongknor of Meghalaya will hold the session of the Legislative Assembly on the first day of November. the State Legislative Assembly.
The Minister of Earth Sciences, Kiren Rijijuruh, delivered a speech on the occasion.
D.Singh, District Youth Coordinator, NYKS, Shillong, in the presence of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, State Youth Awardee, Iada Kharkongor. Program Coordinator KVK and the Children's Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Bah Kharpran congratulated the Engineers of the PWD Department and also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also in charge of the PWD Department for his willingness to allocate funds for the construction of this road. .
On the other hand, we have also expressed our willingness to work together in any part of the area.
The Union Minister also spoke about the former President of India, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam, who gave his last speech at IIM Shillong.
Welcoming the mother of the King of Bhutan, the President of India congratulated Bhutan for holding a one-day festival to showcase its culture and traditions. of Bhutan.
He said that every year there are more than 200 students from this area.
Tura, Nailur 22: Two days after the GNC President Clifort R Marak announced an indefinite strike if the government does not release the 25 members of the GHSMC on or before on the 25th of this month.
When asked about the BGB's actions in Mutapur, the SP of West Jaintia Hills said that the office has no information.
HUAM has conducted a cleaning of the Sumer River , which is one of the rivers used by people for cleaning , and now this water has become too dirty After receiving a complaint from the residents of Sumer, the union has arranged a program to clean up the Sumer River.
The purpose is to express our opposition to the Government of India that as the State and the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep, we strongly oppose the enactment of the CAB, 2016 because this Act will destroy and discriminate against us in our country. straight.
eT according to the arrangement of the government but it produces this MTET where many teachers have not passed this.
According to the order, the DEO said, “It has been learned that there are some people who carry a lot of money to buy voters to give their precious vote to the candidate.
The Minister stressed on the important role of Gram Panchayathas in the Aspirational Block and District programme.
Furthermore, Kong Bindas expressed her regret over the lack of attention of the staff of the hospital to the patients while they receive their salaries exactly every month.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 102 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Garo Hills. 8, West Garo Hills 36, West Jaintia Hills 6, the total number of cases has risen to
With the availability of this portal, the money can be sent to the beneficiaries directly to their accounts in banks or post offices.
“Part of the objective of Aspire Meghalaya is to enable young people to express their experiences and aspirations in the field of society, education and especially in relation to their future.
According to the investigation, the BSF found that the price of foreign liquor to Bangladesh has increased three times the price of liquor sold in India.
Our neighboring country Afghanistan will soon celebrate its 100th anniversary of independence in the next four days.
She said that the call for advertisement for the recruitment has come to an end while the government has not yet issued the advertisement.
The Khelo India University Games (KIUG) 2023 commenced on February 20, 2024 in the city was concluded today in the presence of Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Secretary Printing & Stationery, Revenue, who is also the President of Archery Association of Meghalaya, Rama Shankar Ram General Manager  BSNL Meghalaya, Raj Kumar Giridhari Singh Finance Officer NEHU and others.
The Office of the Director of Recruitment (Army), Shillong has announced that there will be a recruitment of soldiers from Meghalaya and three districts of Assam, such as Morigaon, Nagaon and Sonitpur for General Duty. , Soldier Tradesman, Soldier Technical, Soldier Clerks/Store Keeper Technical and Soldier Nursing Assistant.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Regarding the petition submitted by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma regarding the demands of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). They met with the Minister in charge of Water Supply in Meghalaya, Bah Samlin Malngniang.
After submitting his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, the Prime Minister will return to Shillong where he will take oath as MLA of the Legislative Assembly. state on Tuesday.
The union questions on what basis the SP has given such news without conducting proper investigation.
In a letter, the Shella Dorbar Shnong said that they would like to express their concerns regarding the bill light which the residents of the area are facing. They have to stay in the dark for many days during the rainy season every year. This year is the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The three-day budget session of the Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow morning and the budget for the current fiscal year will be adopted by the Legislative Assembly on the 21st of this month. moon.
If anyone finds such information, please immediately inform the Seng Khang so that it can take the necessary action.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Andreas Wahlang and Kong Alenthia Kynta said that they hope that such a festival should not be lost in Meghalaya.
He also confirmed that journalists should have train or plane tickets in Shillong, not to go to Maligaon in Assam for any work.
If they cannot, the people will ask for a count once a day.
Despite the refusal of the District Administration to allow many women of the Union of Women's Organizations of the Shillong Archdiocese to take part in the Pyllun Dorbar, the Pyllun Dorbar of Catholic Women from the 7 Zones of the Shillong Archdiocese has been held. .
He urged that the new dorbar hall should have a place to memorialize the villagers and the village symbols as in the dorbar bah in Parliament and to record the events. Special events in the state so that the students can see and know what has happened.
Although the Bangladesh government has said that they should leave the area by the 12th of this month, due to the conflict with many civil society groups in the country, the government has not yet ordered them to leave the area. she is not yet willing to move these people in this area.
Also present on the occasion were President Joe Marwein, Gen Secretary Wellbirth Rani, Chief Organizer Samla Marbud Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Samla Eldie Lyngdoh and leaders of the West Khasi Hills District. .
Shillong, July 30: Police of East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills have arrested two suspected drug traffickers and 10 suspected drug traffickers. They seized 676 grams of heroin worth Rs.
At the same time, he urged all those who have returned to their home state to follow the government's directives to complete the 14 days quarantine. by the government.
“We have never said that, but when we go to the people we talk about how to bring about clean governance in the state and to ensure that justice will stand, to eradicate poverty and issues that we always talk about protecting the rights of the people of the state,” he said.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has condemned the arrest of two religious leaders from Bihar who went to Bihar for their missionary work in the state.
Kiang Nangbah Government College has celebrated its 47th Foundation Day.
The party as a whole still has its confidence in Bah LG Nongsiej who is the incumbent MDC from this constituency and the party will work hard to win the election.
Prime Minister Duh recalled the great period of India's prosperity and construction.
During the visit, the Prime Minister said that the government wants to complete the work on time and that the work should be completed by the end of this year. year 2018.
Under the Market Development Assistance (MDA) scheme of the Department of Fertilizers, fertilizer companies will act as aggregators for bio-organic producers and market their products. to PACS as wholesalers or wholesalers.
Only writers & journalists, ambulances and patients were allowed.
The closure of the stadium is for the smooth running of the works at the site. At the same time, the engineers who came to inspect the stadium include those from outside the country. in India.
The proposed exploration license will facilitate, encourage and benefit the participation of individuals and private companies in all aspects of the exploration of valuable and scarce mineral resources.
On the other hand, SP Rituraj Ravi IPS has appealed to the public to use the VIP road from Mawroh to Mawtawar to Nongkhohlew, Mawsiatkhnam to Umroi Airport.
HITO said that this is an example for other districts especially in Hynniewtrep and also for the two Autonomous District Councils. I don't understand why you don't have to work for the Government.
In East Khasi Hills District, 236 cases have been reported, of which 182 cases are from BSF, 2 cases from Air Force and 52 cases from others.
The employees of the Railway Department have used all their strength to rescue the stranded people with the cooperation of many who came to help in this natural disaster.
On the other hand, the Leader first of all expressed his happiness and pride as the Shnong and the schools within it.
“It has its own character,” Modi said.
The meeting was organized by the National Commission for Women.
Speaking to reporters, he said that as the Syiem of the Raid and as the 82-year-old elder of the area, he said that according to the government proclamation in 1951 during the time of Assam, These 21 villages fall under the state of Meghalaya.
He said that the MHIS and Amrit Pharmacy will be merged and arrangements are underway.
The state government has issued an order to remove the incumbent DC and replace him with Bah R Rapthap. that now because what he has done for the District has been of real benefit to the people.
The Congress party's delay in announcing the names of the candidates is to prevent those who lost their tickets from the Congress party from having too much time to cast their votes. .
Speaking on the loss of lives, Myntri Rangbah Duh said whatever is necessary will be done to provide treatment to those injured.
He said that the BJP is determined to maintain peace and order in all households especially in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 03: The Assam Riffle and Mizoram Police have arrested several fighter jets that have smuggled abroad during the war. the state.
Tura, Nailur 25: The two-day curfew called by the GNLA in Garo Hills has started today.
Anurag Thakur expressed his satisfaction with the production of the film 'Bangabandhu' which is about the life and times of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and said, “Most of the production of this film has been completed. and I hope that all this will be completed before October, 2022, if the COVID pandemic situation permits, and so we should be able to release this film in October, 2021.
Of these, 85 cities are covered by the National Clean Air Program (NCAP).
The Executive Engineer PWD (Road) Nongstoin Division has requested the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) Nongstoin Division to turn around. This road should be temporarily improved especially the parts that are raised in Syllang-Mawrusyier.
