Replying to a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh whether the government has any intention to reduce the registration fee for those on the border, the Minister said: He replied that the government has not yet had the intention to reduce the land registration fee.
This meeting is important as it is the first time it has been held in the North East.
This post has remained vacant to this day.
The second round of polling will be held on 26th June 2024 in 13 states and Union Territories.
They are Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Lumdiengjri, Lamavila, Qualapaty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat including parts of the Cantonment Beat House except outside parts. from the Umshyrpi River.
He also expressed his confidence that only Bah Air Marshall can defeat Martin M.Danggo, who is the incumbent MLA of Ranikor in the 2011 elections. The President of the NPP Ranikor Block Committee has also confirmed the office bearers of the Women's Wing and the National Youth Wing of the NPP Ranikor Block Committee for the term 2017-2
The Government has also arranged that in the next four days, on 7/5/2023 50 persons, 8/5/2023 70 persons and 9/5/2023 30 persons will return. and on 10/5/2023 it will be 15 people.
The Vice Chairman of SUPH, Bah Boldness Nongrum, will continue to lead the work of the group.
E Kharmalki, Director Urban Affairs and Secretary, MUDA was the chief guest and GM Roy Lakiang, CEO of Banalari World Cars was the chief guest.
Earlier, Justice Vaidyanathan served as a Judge of the Madras High Court since April
These are in addition to the RTI which has been in place to ensure that no one can go beyond the law.
The death toll from the earthquake this year has risen to 35, the number of missing persons is 11, the number of injured is .
Shillong, July 9: The Sub Divisional Officer Civil of Mairang Civil Sub Division has enforced Section 144CrPC within the entire sub division to ban the dumping of garbage on the side of the roads.
In his letter of condolences, Conrad said he was deeply saddened by the passing away of political party leader Kalaignar Muthuvel Karunanidhi.
Farmers in many states continue to practice old farming methods that do not bring higher yields.
Shillong, Nailar 29: U Bah Tihunmon Sumer together with the elders of Ratachara Village in East Jaintia Hills today said that 106 households have lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong of JHADC. Speaking at Shillong Press Club, Tihunmon said that in 2015, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah D Pohshna, issued an order that the Shnong has been upgraded to four ranks. The residents of the Village have to pay T.3000/-, T.2000/-, T.1000/- and T.500/- per annum.
The project will be implemented by the state in collaboration with the CSB. Mamit is one of the aspirational districts which has been recognized by the NITI Aayog in all aspects of development since in the year 2018-1
The aim should be to raise awareness of the activity among those who can participate in it.
There are 30 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 24 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 82,571 from Ri Bhoi. .
The union was also surprised that the government has introduced the Leshka power project and said that the state as a whole will no longer have the shortage of electricity and the power outages.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, Bah SA Rynjah, on 18th October, 2024, the Rongjeng Police Station received a complaint that they had allegedly possessed The GNLA (R) has telephoned the complainants from an unknown number since October 15, 2024 to demand money and threatened that if they do not pay the money, they will be killed. I'm in trouble.
R.Kharaswai, Secretary, said that the decision was taken at the meeting held on the second day of the meeting on 13/2/2 in the presence of all those who have taken part in this work.
Besides, it has also been ordered to inspect the garbage dumps, the storage areas, the storage areas of incoming goods and all the vendors have been directed to inform if there are any. who are the people who walk differently in this place.
After receiving these new office bearers, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) would like to express its gratitude to the people for their support to the JSU in the past years and times. The JSU appeals to all the people to give their full cooperation and support to the JSU so that as the party which should look after the welfare of the country and the nation, it will be able to continue in good deeds in all fields. side.
Speaking on the Sela Tunnel, Prime Minister Duh said that his approach is based on the needs of the country and does not depend on getting votes.
On this occasion, the Meghalaya Labor Union has lodged a complaint with the Director General of Police of Assam to arrest those perpetrators.
The union also suggested to start awareness programs in all schools in the district during the assemblies every morning and to conduct awareness programs during that time.
Hardware: the hardware; it is the physical body that is visible.
Nailar and this khaw will be delivered to the schools without any charge.
It may be recalled that in previous years, the government had allowed the authorities to appoint temporary teachers so that the children would not fail in their studies until a full time teacher was available. and this has affected the children.
Speaking by telephone from Tel Aviv, a Meghalayan living in Israel said, “We don't know but the war has intensified.
“We will not be able to continue our protest after the Meghalaya government has not kept its promise or listened to our demand to repair all the damaged parts of the NH “All the damaged parts of the road from Mookyndur to Malidor,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO-Sengkmie.
The Prime Minister said that the country has now gained independence thanks to the sacrifice of the great men and their selflessness.
On his part, he donated T.25005/- to the college as it stands on its own feet.
The day laborers and foreign traders have been affected by this action of the BJP government under the leadership of Modi.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Working Group-3, said that the VEC office bearers should be requested to pay the salaries and allowances of the VEC office bearers. The State Planning Board will continue to visit several C&RD Block to hear face to face the views of the Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Village Employment Council (VEC) and Area Employment Council (AEC). They should send any suggestions on how to improve the operation of the C&RD schemes, in writing through their BDOs or directly to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, (mobile 9436102663 – office-9856022735).
There are 198 Associate Professors and Assistant Professors whom the university has not been able to appoint. the teachers in these fields.
Other speakers at the meeting were M Kharbani General Secretary of the PDF on behalf of Women, Kestolet Marbaniang and GS Hynniewta.
If we pay the permit fee and tax to the Government we have to pay the App fee to the companies because they charge the per capita income.
It is to be recalled that the MLA of Nongthymmai in the last Budget Session spoke in the House and suggested to calculate the salary of MLAs by 50%, from the current 10%.
He also said that we need to be thoughtful when they meet people from below so that it will be useful.
On the other hand, the union strongly warns these agencies that if they continue to commit such fraudulent activities, the union will take strong measures to curb the fraud. The student is from the state of Meghalaya.
“Ka seng also urges the Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills to stop issuing NOC to any foreigner who wants to apply for Trading License or renew it in order to open the door for our people otherwise it will be a great pity. Unemployment and starvation has started to strike in Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Dkhar.
During the rally, they shouted that they demand their right that the government should pay them according to their work.
The purpose of the treatment was to teach the people how to take care of themselves to get a healthy body. health bads to explain the need to consult doctors when necessary.
In his speech, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the Civil Hospital Shillong has provided services to the people in a very efficient manner and the opening of these three hospitals will further assist in the development of the hospital. providing health care to the public.
Jowai, Nailar 13: The District Administration of Jowai has prepared to celebrate the Independence Day on the first day of the year. Schools from West Jaintia Hills District will participate.
Furthermore, it is a pleasure for the pedestrians to see the beautiful valley at Umdikain, which blows the wind to relieve the heat and also to see the pond at Mawlyngbna which is also a place for khwai.
Although they are government schools which in fact are the government authorities to look after and take care of but when the government does blindly like that on the part of the KSU we will not refuse to do our part this time.
The JSM-WJC urges the law enforcement authorities to take action and not to grant bail to such a person who dares to violate the human rights of girls and the nation. our.
On this occasion, the House passed the three month budget without any cutmotion from the opposition.
The award was presented by the President and Vice President of the party.
As a group, we also agree that the Central Government should increase its share of the payment to Asha, Aganwadis and those working as cooks under the Mid-day Meal scheme. to improve the income of women working in these fields.
At the same meeting, the members of the Kur Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar expressed their deep sorrow over the forcible behavior of the former Secretary of the Kur, Bah Rangshanbor Mawlong. Secretary of the Court of Mawlong Mawmih & Krang Mawkhar.
The Government in a statement issued today regarding the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division said that according to a report received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, many of the The villages under the Hima Mylliem are closer to Nongpoh.
It may be recalled that recently two children were injured in Mawkophet village in South West Khasi Hills District where two children were seriously injured. Keep the transformer installed to avoid injury.
In the men's category, Iwelljohn Ramsiej came second and Sainkupar Jyrwa came third.
When our friend came, we went to see again but the people were gone and they had divided into their own groups,” said Samla Riang.
Furthermore, efforts should not be limited to exporting goods to Bangladesh, Myanmar and other countries in the South East Asian region but should also aim to reach the USA and Europe and other countries for better benefits. .
Along with social change, changes in the attitudes and beliefs of the people managing the systems are also important.
The HANM also said that the state government has often not respected the people living in the border areas. to meet with the Central Government to discuss the problems of the people living on the border.
Shillong, March 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that during his visit to Tura, he saw that the people of Tura are using the DC Park to play chess. and this is every Sunday.
On the other hand, the MLA said that the government needs to strengthen the health services to the people.
On this occasion, Bah Shylla said that they will stand up and fight until they win and they also appealed to the people and also to the civil society organizations to give support this attempt to oppose the railway line.
Furthermore, the CAA is against human rights and is biased, especially against the Kuki-ZO and Rohingya.
Referring to the needs of the Hima in terms of water, he said that the officials will meet him to work together for the needs of the people.
The most nominations were received in the categories of Animation, Visual Effects (VFX), Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR).
Assam in recent days, has shown significant economic and social growth and development despite the challenges.
Tyngkan said that the people when they gathered wanted the police to release them because once they are caught in the hands of the Assam police they will be arrested immediately for three to six months and up to a year. it will be worth thousands of dollars.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Gabriel said that as the elected leader of the people of Nongstoin constituency, when he speaks on this issue, he does not mean that he speaks only for Nongstoin Constituency but he speaks for the entire nation.
This is according to the information of Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, brother of the owner.
“The Court has directed the AAG to file an affidavit tomorrow.
He said that from next year the government will award prizes to the students who pass the examination to be conducted by the CBSE and in Class X as the CBSE will conduct the examination from next year. Your exam board.
The Pre-Incubation program aims to guide 150 startups to have a business model that has all the components needed to become a successful and profitable business.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Government has decided to open a market for jhur from Ri Bhoi District at MECOFED Market in Mawiong, said the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
The road is not long but flat and has a slight steepness, and there are places where there are few trees and there are places where there are large and strong trees.
This is for the good of all.
At this meeting, there were also suggestions that the government has written down.
The stadium has been built with eight lanes which have been connected to the lanes like other grounds as part of the development and selection of champions from the region.
In the men's race, Dapmain Rani won the first prize, Dr. Atul Kumar came second and Alo Rabha won the third prize.
The delegation was led by Samla Leonard Dhar, General Secretary of KSU Jowai Unit, in the presence of Assistant General Secretary Samla J.Yndoh and Office Secretary Samla W.Phawa.
And if it revives the Garo people as it is now, it will revive the Khasi-Jaintia people as well.
Furthermore, the cut off year for the CAA is unacceptable to the party because according to the CAA, those who have smuggled into India before 2014 will be allowed to become citizens. Indians are not complete.
To find out the facts, an inquiry should be conducted into the incident, said the CSWO. (SP News).
They also discussed the concerns of the truck owners regarding the fare set by the Government of Meghalaya.
The Garo language has not yet qualified for inclusion in the 8th Schedule and at the same time the Khasi language which has already qualified for inclusion has to wait for decades to be included along with the Garo language. Garo has not qualified for Garo.
On receiving a tip that there was a fire, the Fire Brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze. fire not to spread to other neighboring houses.
He said that the interesting thing about this Act is that the minimum price has been increased.
Finally, the circle said that the party will continue to oppose the railway line as the previous leaders and members have stood firm.
On the other hand, the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Ramesh Sngi, said that the law will do its job. peace and tranquility so that the people will not have any anxiety.
According to police, the mother, Prisdalin Shangpliang, is still poor.
The All Jaintia Hills Transporters Association (AHLA) together with the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLA) have written to the companies to implement the transportation fees. If they don't work, they will stop the dewbilat.
There is a democracy in the USA where the people elect the President, while in India the people elect the MPs and then they form a party to elect the Prime Minister. to the Prime Minister.
The union has also made it clear that it is against the implementation of this policy through Hybrid Mode and at the same time the union has demanded that if the Four Years Undergraduate Program (FYUP) is to be implemented, it should be implemented gradually. If you are using an old system, you should not be able to use it.
DPK Multi-Ventures Secretary James Paul Ïawphniaw said that the festival will be held for two days on the 12th and 13th of this month. The purpose of the festival is to showcase the cleanliness and beauty of the Umngi River which is associated with the beach in Goa.
The Seng in the next few days will put forward a demand to the Government to implement the demand of the Seng.
The requirement for people to declare their sales and purchases affects not only indirect taxes, but also ensures that they pay the taxes they are due.
This is to facilitate the provision of jobs for the people through the banks.
“On behalf of the Sordar and the entire Dorbar, we would like to express our gratitude and appreciation to the leaders of Kongthong who have worked hard for the development of the village and to “We have brought many development projects in the village,” said the Sordar Raid Kongthong.
In a few months, on the 2nd of March, we will begin the celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
In today's meeting, the Cabinet also discussed the Central Government's approval to increase the tax rate from 3% to 4%. You can't borrow more than T.400 crore if you borrow.
As the purpose of this road is to mine uranium from the area, the party will continue to stand on the same ground to oppose no matter what happens.
He said that the party will never allow the party to force the idea of ​​becoming one. He said that the party will protect the language of the thylliej. “This should not only protect what Meghalaya thinks but will also protect the identity of the country,” said Rahul Gandhi.
The North Eastern Council has joined hands with the ICCR for this festival in Nepal.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: About 30 women, especially women, today staged a protest in front of the SP office and continued at Khyndai Lad.
The West Jaintia Hills District Police Chief said they had received information that the leading leaders of the Manipur rebel group were leaving Silchar for Guwahati. There is no Night Super.
After examining this method and finding it 96.9% effective, the ICMR has now issued guidelines to use the CSIR-CCMB dry swab test method, considering the low cost and efficiency. stead.
John F Kharshiing, President, Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
Congratulating these doctors, the Minister urged them to work hard so that they can provide a better service to the community.
The CEM said that the District Council has relied on the Dorbar Shnong to issue NOCs for Labor Licence, Trading License and others. others for these people living in RR colony.
On this occasion, the KSU has held a flag raising ceremony across the Khasi Jantia Hills to protest against the Assam police who shot dead the robbers in Mukroh village.
These areas fall under the Cantonment Board. The schemes implemented in these areas are underway, such as the Greenery Park at Dhobitala, the Children Greenery Park at Paltan Bazar. .
In fact, the union would like to express its gratitude to the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District, the Rangbah Shnongs and the Volunteers of the Villages who have taken all the necessary measures to ensure the entry and exit of the villagers. to stand and to implement the orders of the government.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to immediately lodge a complaint against 41 persons. who went to take part in the competition at Greenwood Resort in Guwahati.
He said that his government has now decided to focus on the development of the youth of the state.
Other speakers at the meeting were FKJGP Mawrynghang Circle President Kynsai War, Diengpasoh Sordar Gordon Wahlang, Diengpasoh Women's Wing President Sana and Kitbok Nonghlang, Central Body Chairman of the FKJGP Mawrynghang Circle. FKJGP.Shillong, Jymmang 23: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today found the body of a woman near Dkhiah village. of me.
The departure of the top leaders of the Congress party is like a blow to the leadership of the Congress party from Mawhati Constituency.
This is an insult to the poor and the party will investigate this to find out whether there is any misuse of the money which is the share of the poor.
Police have questioned his friends who were present at the time of the incident.
To say that the government will continue to operate the dewbilat factory will not be possible anymore. For this reason, the government has put forward three ideas, one is that the government will continue to operate the dewbilat factory. The government will not be able to revive it through a Public Private Partnership and another will not be able to close it down.
These leaders highlighted the problems faced by the state especially in relation to the overcrowding of Shillong, the lack of schools and hospitals, the lack of trained teachers and doctors in the rural areas and the lack of in relation to the export of goods and other problems.
V Natarajan , as Joint Secretaries; and Thiru.
Disparsing said that if the government has such a responsibility for the schools, it is said that Holy Child School has 494 teachers and only 1 teacher. The role of the Inspectors of Schools to look after and criticize schools and criticize schools established by churches or any other group is unacceptable.
Shillong, July 24: The MDA government has already implemented the Affordable Housing Scheme (AFS) introduced by the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma's election.
Both countries will also benefit from the UAE's position as a gateway to the Middle East, Africa, Europe and other regions.
In the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination, 28072 students were from Arts Stream, 3812 students were from Science Stream, 2440 students were from Commerce Stream and 11 students were from Vocational Stream.
He alleged that the reason for this is because they brought the pipe water from the Water Resources Department which they have distributed and destroyed the farmland of the Thyllaw people.
As employees, they don't fail to provide food according to the rules of the central government and the children they feed are their own children outside the home. We also understand that we must serve our duty properly because they will build the future of the students and especially of India and our state.
He said that when the members of the union go to the police to get information about the shooting of Khasi children, the answer is that the police are waiting for the order from above.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, said that at present the rule in KHADC and in the government are the same parties, NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF, what is the problem? to allow the State Legislature to sign the bills passed by the District Council.
Shillong, July 29: BSF troops have arrested a vehicle while it was trying to turn to the Bangladesh border at Pyrdiwah village.
Acceptable to all ages, N stands for: Nurture physical and mental health, T stands for: Tech-Innovation – Use technology for the betterment of society and the betterment of human nature to promote self-employment.
It is learned that the Minister relies on the wisdom of the Mawlai Town Dorbar to ensure that in such cases it is necessary to install speed breakers.
The three persons arrested from Sabuda village are Barson Lawai, Stanling Khriam and Disparsing Mukhim. to hand over to the Muktiar to release them on bail.
SHILLONG, Nail 09: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Thangkhiew Lai-kpoh Seng (CEC) held on Tuesday, July 2, 2014, has unanimously decided to strongly condemn the The attack by the authorities on the Enforcement and journalists in Shillong has been going on in the past few days.
He said the arrested person is closely associated with members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
The Government will not blame any group or organization but the Government will take action according to the witnesses and the crime committed by those involved in crime will be punished by the law.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has appointed a Judicial Inquiry to find out the truth about the shooting death of Bah Ceristerfield Thangkhiew. people do this thing.
The event was enriched by the performance and singing by the youth of the village.
Shillong, July 02: The FKJGP Seng Kmie sends this message to all the students who have reached the goal in the SSLC and HSSLC examination, 2019, and congratulations to all of you. One year is an honor for the parents and the family, the teachers and the school as well and they should continue to work harder to reach the top of the mountain of fame.
This time, we will see how wise the people are to choose and change the Khadar system in our state.
During the raid, two women were also found in their room drinking kyiad with these men.
According to sources, the girl was supposed to go to one of her schools in Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills, in the car of the man but the man stopped at the place. To take it to Mairang, he took it back to Shillong and used the forest road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsawkhwan in Ri Bhoi District.
The Khasi-Pnars in Block I are facing difficulties especially the farmers who are facing difficulties in selling their crops due to the invasion of the Karbi.
Speaking to reporters, Meena said she will not sit idly by to seek the truth and will fight until she gets a fair decision for her son.
The Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the Government through the Disaster Management Department has paid the compensation as part of the assistance to the families who have suffered tragic incidents especially those families who have suffered. the earthquake in the past few days.
Shillong, July 04: A group of Khasi residents of Kolkatta have expressed their deep sorrow over the rape of a 23-year-old girl by robbers. human feelings.
These power sector SPSUs have lost T 1836 crores, which is 6.5% of GSDP. However, there were six SPSUs including one power sector SPSU which lost Tk 1836 crores in 2016-1
Mahila Gram Vidyapith/Vishwavidyalaya, (Women’s University) Prayag, Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.16.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the 40 villages of Jalyiah together with the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) has convened a public meeting on the 11th of this month at Lad- July at 10 pm to demand the government to relocate the Abhi Coke Industry from the area.
The rebel group also demanded the immediate release of the 25 members of the GHSMC who are currently in custody in Jowai.
Shillong, March 10: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday sent a letter to the ADC to update the progress of the work on the road.
It assists farmers by introducing better crop varieties and hybrids and also helps smallholder farmers to fight against climate change.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) today sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to advise the government to reopen places of worship. in the entire state.
The selection of these 25 cricketers was based on their performance in the Syed Mishtaq Ali Trophy T20, Vijay Hazare Trophy and Ranji Trophy.
Speaking to those who took part in the programme, Union Minister Anurag Thakur said that although there were some people who felt that the radio would face serious problems. With the advent of television and the Internet, radio has its own listeners and has maintained its operation and reliability.
The incident happened on the 12th of this month at noon.
East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts with the worst smuggling of drugs from abroad.
The seizure of other drugs was 16,928 in 2022, 32,298 in 2023 and 600 in
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Sumbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today announced that the government has decided to impose a curfew in Shillong for three days, starting from noon. on the 26th of this month and will end until midnight on the 29th of this month.
When this issue was raised, some of the people proposed the names of Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Bah Jotin Khardewsaw and Bah Skingford Nongbri. The meeting unanimously decided to leave the matter to the Executive Committee for further discussion.
The Government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to reach out to all those households who have tested positive for COVID-19 and those households who have to quarantine themselves because of their close contact with the sick.
The Ri Syiar scheme will help the people to get Syiar meat to eat and build the body of the people and this NSP scheme has been implemented through the Live Stock Mission which has been implemented. by the government.
The NPP wants the government to immediately cancel the application process.
She also explained the harmful effects of these types of drinks on the individual, the family and the society.
Shillong, July 22: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) on Tuesday morning closed down banks in Motphran, Police Bzar, Mawlai and around the city. .
The pastors in charge of the new pastorate include Pastor IS Makdoh and Pastor ES Syiem.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to release the money as many people have been affected and urgently need assistance.
The CEC has also appointed incharge for various departments of the party.
Journalists who work many jobs at the same time during elections should be skilled in one field which is Digital Forensics, he added.
West Khasi Hills 38%, South West Khasi Hills 80%, Ri Bhoi District 50%, West Jaintia Hills 80.7% and East Jaintia Hills 65%.
The trucks carrying coal from Jaintia Hills have to pass through Lumshnong Police Station, Untyra, Lad Sutnga, Tuber Sohshrieh. Jowai Police Station, Mawryngkneng, Diengpasoh Police Station in East Khasi Hills and Umroi Police Station in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The KSU Employment and Monitoring Cell and NEHU Unit today submitted a petition to the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, PS Shukla. that the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 should not affect students, teachers and colleges in the state as a whole.
Shillong, November 24: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, seven cases from East Khasi Hills and one case from West Garo Hills.
NMET also provides financial assistance for the purchase of equipment.
Before the distribution of these food items to these families, a speech of thanks and a short prayer was delivered by the Chairman of TepSwer Village, Tynmen Basan Bah Tarson Siangshai.
Bah Armstrong L Thongni, one of the leaders of the group, said that there will be many performances by the singers. Snow White, Gracyl Ropmay, DJ DBRYN and others will perform.
After a thorough discussion, the DC has directed the meat vendors to slaughter only pigs or cows that are not sick and it will not affect the people if they eat the meat of cows or pigs. pigs without disease.
The Dorbar Shnong also expresses its special thanks especially to the Special Rescue Team, Fire and Emergency Service and also to the Phramer Traffic Cell under the leadership of SI Shri AR Marak Second incharge Phramer. your group.
The Prime Minister said that it is not that the government does not have a feeling for teachers, the government has a good feeling for them, but everyone knows that the government also has its own feelings. problems and that is in terms of money pilin.
In another incident, a mother lodged a complaint with the police that Nidhu Bormon, 22, had raped her seven-year-old daughter at his residence.
boxes weighing 1275 kilos, 10200 Gelatine Sticks, 5000 Denators with 8 song of unused fuse were seized from the suspects. .
After seven days of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, 26 boxers have reached the final to compete for the title on Thursday.
This is to replace the Integrated Education for Disabled Children (IEDC) scheme which has provided assistance to these schools up to class IX-XII. in the year
The drivers of Maxi Cabs, after being banned from operating through Police Bazaar to Motphran, on Tuesday expressed their protest against this decision which has affected the income of Maxi Cabs. they.
Shillong, Nailar 24: U Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, while speaking as the chief guest at the training of teachers of the All Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) held today. Lym Pynllon said that there is a deficit of funds to pay the salaries of the teachers, but the delay is due to the lack of issuance of the Utilization Certificate.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU Mawlai Circle said that the KSU Mawlai Circle is still relying on the leadership of the KSU Mawlai Circle under the leadership of its president, Samla Daniel Khyriem.
After this, the parents of the deceased laid flowers. At the end of the ceremony, the President of AYWO, Adinson Ch Momin gave the last greeting. The ceremony was conducted by FKJGP, AYWO, APSDO, GSU ​​and ADE. (SP News).
Regarding the entry of Bangladeshis into Meghalaya, it is very low because the villagers will not allow it and it is difficult because there is no physical appearance and the BSF is also very vigilant. 2019 176 Bangladeshis arrested.
“Therefore, we would like to point out that such demands will affect the landscape and to avoid any conflict between the communities in the future, such demands should not be ignored,” he said. he added.
On the other hand, Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej Editor of SP News Agency, said that the desire of journalists to get a room in KHADC has been going on for a long time. They promised that any law office on the part of the journalists will take care of them and expressed their gratitude to the Executive Committee for fulfilling this request of the journalists.
This road is very important due to the large number of villages along it and it also connects two districts of East Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District to reach Shillong which is the capital. capital of the state.
He said the purpose of the party's arrest of drug dealers is to warn them not to drink drugs in public places.
With the establishment of this police station, banks will now come to set up their offices.
Hamarsing Marbaniang (President) and Bah.
Under this policy, such as assistance to entrepreneurs, payment of interest, another objective of this policy is to assist entrepreneurs to bring their goods into the State through the assistance of the Government. you're right.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Ronnie also criticized the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) Titostarwell Chyne. you are a child.
The weapons seized by the police include an HK Rifle, an AK Rifle, an SLR, a mortar rifle, a grenade launcher, two mortar shells, one Chinese live grenade, Nine magazines, more than 160 rounds of ammunition and many other items including letters demanding money from the party.
He said that faith should start at home and urged the youth to know their roots.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The first two day meeting of Muktiars in Shillong will be held on the 20th and 21st of this month at Soso Tham Auditorium. India in collaboration with the Meghalaya High Court Bar Association.
There was also a death toll.
Speaking in front of the employees, Shanlang Diengdoh President said that the chairman of MCCL has written to the government to allocate Rs 2 crore every three months to pay the salaries. The salary has been sent to the Chief Minister.
He said that he would like to congratulate the Nongsynshar Hima Khasi States who at that time despite the persecution did not hesitate to protect the rights of the people and children of thousands and were able to enforce the necessary rules. well within these covenants and undertakings.
: It is known because it is a subject of knowledge about society in which the raijs of the various kurs in the hima or state are the lympung and kyntoit of a group of families.
The Chief Minister said that if the money is slow to come from the Central Government, there is no need to pay but if the Central Government has sent the money and the State Government has delayed. If the master roll exceeds 15 days, the state government has to pay the fee to the contractors.
of Meghalaya in the presence of other government officials who came to witness the event.
You can get the information on the following website: 1) Room No.127, Block B, First Floor, Additional Building Complex, Supreme Court of India, New Delhi-
Chaudhuryu said that technologies based on space are among the contributors to economic growth and prosperity.
The director said that the number of foreign visitors (OPD) in November 2018 was 23198 compared to 45396 in May 2018, which confirms our earlier statement, the decrease in not in the rainy season.
Francies Kharshiing said that at this juncture, the police department will continue to follow the rules of the Government in providing information to the public.
However, about 50 or 60 people turned to Kowai Police Station to shout in front of the police station.
Shanborlang Wartde, Jakhong Village Church and Jakrem Village Church invite you to witness the consecration of these two priests.
The Seng can also urge the Department of the State Government to immediately resolve these issues before the start of the CUET Phase 1 examination which will be held on the 1st, 2nd and September 10th.
Two SBBL rifles, two shot guns and many other weapons were recovered from different parts of the same area.
Paul Lyngdoh, Principal of Pearly Dew School Shillong North, Bindo M Lanong, Deputy Chief Minister Edward Kharwanlang, Shillong East South.
Hundreds of BSF personnel at their office in Umpling and at the BoPs on the border with Bangladesh took part in the event.
The civil society groups want to implement the ILP in the state, but unfortunately the central government is silent on this issue. The Minister said that the Government of India cannot remain silent or silent. In fact, it should answer. Whether it is right or wrong, whether it is right or wrong, it should answer, but until now whether it has accepted or not accepted the ILP is not known.
The VC in relation to the discussion agreed with the demand of the Seng and promised that NEHU will give special opportunity to the Khasi students who apply for these positions. various posts and those who do not meet the requirements of NEHU.
This is according to a statement sent by the Secretary of the JAC, Hercules Mutyen, the Wapung Shnong of Wapungskur, Deolangki Dkhar and the Shnong of Wapungshnong, Kduplang Ryngkhlem.
TULBA believes that Tripura comes first in the length of the border with Bangladesh with a length of 856 km. Meghalaya comes second in terms of border length of 443km and it is not difficult for us to be overtaken by these Bangladeshis.
The Chief Guest, in his speech, urged all the players to play with diligence and showcase their talents as football is also one of the sources of income.
Through detailed information received from the intelligence agencies, the BSF troops who were stationed at the camp identified the vehicle and seized the vehicle after the driver and follower refused to failed to produce proper documents to transport the sugar.
Today as the party cannot sit idly by and listen to the problems faced by our fellow citizens, the party is surprised that they have worked in this field from 27th October 2020 to This year in November 2020, it has reached 100 or more days that they have not received their salary, but they have only received about 40 days. they.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Refreshal Shabong said that the license issuance today is only for the shops of foreigners in Demseiniong village. Exact number of foreign shops with and without Trading Licence.
I would also like to speak to the office of the Superintendent of Police, they (the arrested KSU members) are only suspects and you cannot release their names.
Shillong, November 07: The Rotary Club Shillong, November 07: The Rotary Club Shillong (ROTA) has signed a letter to the Expert Committee. Meghalaya has honored Amit Saraf as the 68th president of the party.
Sonal V Misra IPS, IG, NES, CRPF in the presence of Ram S Singh, DIG, NES and Alok Bhattacharya, Commandant, 67 Bn CRPF. and other officers paid tribute to those who gave their lives by laying flowers at the monument at Polo.
During the meeting, the HSPDP party also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to express its opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Amendment of the Central Government which is planned to be introduced in Parliament in the current session. .
The demand of the union comes two days after the Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon, who is also the MLA of Shangpung Constituency, said that he accepts the proposal of the Government to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
“It is up to the Central Government to issue an order to dismiss them,” said Bah A.C.Rymbai.
Police recovered the pistol after searching his house under construction in Mawdiangdiang.
Police have registered a case against Lucas Rymbai under KTPS No. 135(5)14 u/s 506 Ipc.
The existence of this road has not brought about any harmony between the Garo and Khasi people living in the area.
Regarding the search for land from elsewhere to build the road, he said that they have already searched for the road because it has been seen that this road is in danger. However, the land owners have not yet given their land for the construction of the road.
Shillong, Lber 21: Seven persons from East Khasi Hills and one from West Khasi Hills have tested positive for COVID-19 today. There are 54 cases and 9 cases have been admitted to hospitals, 7 cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills.
He said he remembers this SabkaPrayasha during the Coronavirus pandemic and said that the whole world praises the largest, fastest and most efficient vaccination campaign in the world.
This was announced after the Model Code of Conduct has come into force and this order will remain in force until the elections to the Legislative Assembly.
All the members of these groups spoke at the meeting and expressed their happiness to receive this opportunity to help the refugees.
According to the BSF, the value of these 68 cows is T.9.78 lakh tyngka. The arrest was made after the BSF troops have tightened their patrols in the area. border.
Speaking to reporters , Payieng said that the working method of the party is different from the working method of other political parties members of it from the people and those people must be clean people who have no trace of evil in society.
During the investigation, the driver of the vehicle could not provide the documents related to these clothes, so the BSF arrested the driver and after completing the investigation, They were handed over to the police station in Bholaganj.
The Secretary of the HSPDP Youth Wing said that thousands of youths from all over the country have come to join the party. The poor households that have been built will be able to ride bikes.
The child has been taken into custody by the District Child Protection Unit and is currently with the Specialized Adoption Agency, Shillong.
The purpose of the Dorbar Kur Mawrie is special according to the Chief Rangbah Kur, Bah Leonard Arun Mawrie. climate change and to establish a sacred forest in the area surrounding the mawbah of the Mawrie clan.
Nongpoh, Naitung 25: A group of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District at Nongpoh. to adopt the EPIC of Assam as proposed.
The date of announcement of the Lok Sabha elections by the Election Commission will be next month.
It was at midnight that all four of them suffered severely from eating a wild tit during their dinner.
The Chief Minister's Symbut said that the sample will be collected again on Tuesday for further testing.
“When asked how many TMC MLAs will join the BJP, Hek said, “How many will come, we will wait and see.
He said that the Chief Minister of Assam and CEM Karbi Anglong recently came to Shillong to attend a program and took the meeting as an opportunity to discuss the Khanduli issue. Several decisions have been taken and these decisions will be taken up for discussion at the next meeting in April after inspecting the area in Khanduli to meet with the residents.
According to the rules of the National Medical Council, the land for the Shillong Medical College should be 20 acres and the government has 70 acres of land for the Shillong Medical College. .
The union demands that the state government should immediately provide relief to the families of those who lost their loved ones and those who were injured in the bullets of the Assam police and Forest Guard.
The Government has also launched the “My City Campaign” to encourage the people to take part in the development of the villages and townships including the improvement of the river in Polo, Nan Polok. and GolfLink.
Shillong, Lber 20: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh today filed his nomination for the Lok Sabha MP elections from the UDP party with the support of the parties in the MDA government. The nomination was filed in the presence of the Returning Officer Abhishek Bhahotia for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Before the end of the meeting, the patriotic song “Ri Khasi Ri Jaintia” was sung.
During the inspection, it was found that the market has been used only for a few days, but most of the market has turned into a shrah and even the shops have turned into a place to go abroad. I sitemet to paint.
Meanwhile, on the 14th of November, the Knia Aitnar will start in the morning while in the afternoon, the Khun Raij of Jar Laki Dong will bring their own Deiñkhlam from the forest and bring them to Iewmusiang.
The party congratulates and wishes him a healthy recovery and strength, as well as that he will be able to stand on his own feet without being deceived or bought by the enemy.
These three were identified as Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang.
Shillong, Lber 25: The EM in charge of Hima Affairs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Jambor War today convened a meeting of the Hima Jirang and Hima Lyngdoh Sohiong to discuss the issue. Nongwah Mawtamur which has 14 villages in Ri Bhoi District.
As the Head of Police, Kong Nongrang said that the State Police Department has a close cooperation with the departments of the Government of India to prevent and curb money laundering through the Cyber ​​Crime.
Finally, the Seng understands and is concerned about the problems faced by the residents, such as unemployment, discrimination against the poor, income inequality and poverty.
KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell said that the KSU has always given awards to encourage the youth in education because as a nation we need people to be in government jobs in the ranks of officers and so on. , youth to take part in the Khadar administration and those who will fight in the field, but sadly there is a young man who is qualified to take over the post of Chief Secretary of the state but sadly the authorities The government has delegated this task to others.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, in reply to a question by Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the cultivation of kwai in the state has increased with the passing of the days. In the last four years from 2019-2020 to 2022-2023, the area under cultivation of rice has reached 34,410 hectares and the yield of rice has reached 51,650 metric tonnes and the yield of rice has reached 1,501 kilos.
The conference also included discussions led by Indian Information Service officers from across the North East, focusing on their information activities to the public.
Jowai, Lber 08: Speaking at a meeting held in Jowai to mark the International Women's Day, Dr JN Shullai said that there are many women's rights in the world. There are laws to protect them but they don't use them even if they exist.
Efforts have also been made to introduce activities in such a way that they rise from the existing base, rather than introducing a new base.
On the memorandum, he said that the village has only two demands but on his part, he said that the village still has many shortcomings.
Therefore, for the sake of the welfare and benefit of the youth of the country, the Seng through this statement hopes that the arrangements to send doctors to the youth of the country, will go smoothly in all aspects. and there shall be no hiding of it in any way.
The Miss Living Roots contest will also be held at the festival and only the youth of Shella Constituency will be able to take part in this festival as this is only the beginning.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 93,680 people have been infected since the beginning of the outbreak.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2017-2018 with a deficit of T.1.236 crore.
She will also talk to the government on this issue.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also met with the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah and during the meeting, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude for being present on the day of his inauguration. The new MDA 2.0 government expects the support of the central government.
On the other hand, the Seng will continue to follow up on this issue and will not allow these illegal immigrants to take advantage of our country.
Four states have been connected by broad gauge, in Meghalaya 20 km from Dudhnoi to Mendipathar in 2014, in Manipur by a passenger train connecting to Jiribam.
Jowai, November 14: The AJYWO Central Body, which has not taken action against Krishna Sapkota for misusing and exploiting the Residential Certificate of Latyrke Village for the purpose of registering Aadhaar for foreigners, has said that The ADC of EJHD, Bah SS Syiemleh, MCS today met with the ADC of EJHD, Bah SS Syiemleh, MCS to remove all those who have registered through fake certificates sold by the EJHD. u Nepali and also to punish all those who have cheated just to get their heads in the Aadhaar.
During the election campaign, Conrad called on all those who oppose him to come and work together for the development of the Tura government.
Cheetahs are found in Kuno National Park in Madhya Pradesh.
According to the recent survey conducted by the Central Electricity Authority on the optimal generation capacity mix for 2019-30, the total installed capacity in 2029-30 is estimated to be 8,17,254 MW including 2,66,911 MW of coal, 25,080 MW of gas, 71,128 MW of hydro, 18,980 MW of nuclear and 4,35,155 MW of renewable electricity.
The allocation for the year 2014-2015 is estimated at Rs.4545 crore.
Small-scale project generation contributes significantly as it reduces DISCOMs’ transaction costs, enhances power supply and quality and pliés opportunities for a cleaner environment through supply of electrical products good to people.
“It is only Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India, who has done the work of Vallabhai Patel who was a hero but did not take the name to appear in his works.
Answering a question regarding the Aura Hotel in Guwahati where Bah Shylla is currently working, Bah Nongrum said the office knows the person who signed the contract. , they don't recognize the Aura Hotel, if anything happens, the MTDC will look for Bah Shylla.
Robert also alleged that the opposition leader's statement that the NRCI should be implemented first is wrong.
The elders and Rangbah Shnong of the village, expressed their appreciation that the organization has come to hold such a program which will benefit the people especially on this very important issue.
She said that only after she has sent an explanation to the Government, she will resign after a while in consultation with her lawyer.
The KHADC has a CEM elected in accordance with all the provisions of the AD Rules
In the second state, there will be arrangements in the most difficult areas like Langpih, Block I and Block II, Pysiar, Khanduli, Desdomria and Nongwah Mawtamur. The people of Bri Hynniewtrep say that this government is wrong.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA and Chief Whip of the Government, praised the initiative taken by the Seng Samla Sanmer and the SSSS which has brought benefits to the people of the area.
Furthermore, the Union is also preparing to meet with the Rangbah Kur of Ri Bhoi on the 11th of this month in Shillong for the purpose of establishing a branch in Ri Bhoi.
The union has also warned these troops to leave the area and if these government troops do not listen to this warning of the union, it could lead to the violence.
“More than 10 agreements have been signed for peace,” he said, adding that thousands of youths from the region have rejected bloodshed and chosen development in these areas. last year.
New Delhi, Naitung 10: The Union Cabinet today decided to amend the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act, 2012 to punish those who commit sexual offences. rape, especially of children under 18 years of age.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister in charge of Road Construction, said that the task is to pay for the land and the work is progressing. .
The meeting was conducted by Pastor Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. The prayer was delivered by Rev (Pastor) SL Mawblei, Chairman Celebration Committee. Speech by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, and Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Nongkhlawka. Because he did not disgrace his Syiemlieh clan, he stood firm to hold the honor of the Hima and especially to stand on the foundation of independence.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Meghalaya government has submitted a map to the Assam government on 12 areas which Meghalaya claims to be within the border of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: A team of seven Bangladeshis has arrived in Meghalaya to inspect the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh at Lyngkhat and Pyrdiwah in the state. of East Khasi Hills District which has not yet been established.
Regarding the light, the party in 2014 held a protest to express their opposition because MeECL had owed T.476 crore to NEPCO at that time and now MeECL “The UDP is ready to hold another public gathering to express our opposition,” said Dr Jemino Mawthoh. .
The GNLA said the government should release these members immediately without any conditions.
Referring to the issue of people on the border, he said that many of those who live on the border want to be inside Meghalaya. to the people.
The village leader said that the floods happen only due to the lack of protection of the streams and urged the government and the leaders of the area to build a dam to protect them from the floods. in the lower parts of the town.
The Chief Minister said that these schools have been funded 100% by the Central Government. Regarding the recruitment policy, the State Employment Policy does not apply to these schools as they belong to the Government. middle.
The winners were Computer-Beginner Nabin Rai; Intermediate- Sarmishta Barua; Tally Pt.
Police have conducted several checkpoints in Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills District after identifying suspected shooters. They have arrested four persons on charges of involvement in the murder.
We urge the MLA (Nongpoh Constituency) to look into this matter.
In these notices, the indigenous people have been directed to expel the mynder officials from these two villages, but otherwise they will have to be prepared to take responsibility in case of any incident.
In North Garo Hills District, it is located in Manikganj, Mendipathar, Dainadubi in front of OP, Kharkutta Tri Junction, Sakware Junction, Adokgre, Khaldang, Resubelpara, Thapa Darenchi, Berubari, Sualmari and Bajengdoba.
Minister Kharkongor said that at the time of allocation of the land, he was still the Secretary of the Raid Mylliem, and the land was also approved by the Syiem of the Hima. mylliem, but the sad thing is that this tragic incident has happened, who did it doesn't know and who filed the FIR doesn't know.
It may be recalled that it was India in the 1971 war between India and Pakistan that liberated Bangladesh from Pakistan. to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Bangladesh's independence.
The event was also enriched by songs and dances by various groups and speeches were delivered by PDF leaders Hamlet Dohling, Women's Front President Grace Mary Kharpuri and others.
On the same day, a memorial book published by Rupang was also launched.
He said that according to experts, the impact of Coronavirus will continue to be seen in the coming months.
It is surprising that Rajiv Gandhi, former Prime Minister of India, on 15 May 1989, announced in Parliament that this panchayat will not be implemented in Meghalaya because there are tribal rules. There are no Traditional Institutions of Self Government in the District Council.
“The party is against the railway to Shillong as demanded by the BJP party. The opposition is due to the lack of space, the population and it is not in Shillong,” said Dr Mawthoh.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Samla Pauldip Tongwah, Sport Secretary TSSS Manad.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has urged the Government of India to invite all the groups to the negotiating table and come up with a decision to end the bloodshed in Manipur immediately.
The AJYWO said, “Let us celebrate this Behdeiñkhlam with humility, with knowledge and also with gratitude to the Tre-Ki-Rot Nongbuh Nongpynlong for all these things for His blessings on us all. life of every day.
Regarding the rules and regulations, the state government has followed the directives of the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs. Because it differs from one state to another district to another district.
The vehicles were launched by the Minister in the presence of the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Vijay Kumar. Sohkhlet, Secretary, Tourism Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) including Bah Sadon Blah, the leader of the HNLC, were also present to witness the peace talks with the Government.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today distributed more than 51,000 appointment letters to newly appointed candidates through video conferencing.
Laurence Doe, 30, from Liberia, will play in the back and Daniel Odafin, 28, from Nigeria, will play in the middle.
In this public hearing, the MLCU explained the origins of the flag burning which has been going on for more than 100 years and how it has caused trouble in the air as it happened in Delhi last year. This has prompted the court to set rules on the sale of pataka this year.
The Shongknor informed the MDCs of Mylliem Hima to discuss the petition and clarify the Articles of the Hima Mylliem which appear in the Act 2007 and Rule
The collapse of the bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the commuters of Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Robert said that during the meeting, the union has suggested to the government to encourage the people to farm without any hesitation. beat food from other states.
Lajong had many chances in the first half but in the 51st minute, Lajong scored two goals from the penalty spot of Rnanpaulino. They should have scored but they missed the target but even that didn't stop the team from scoring three points from this match, and it's also the first time the team hasn't scored a goal in the tournament. times.
Chyne said the KHADC wants to resolve the issue of the farmers according to the right path and if the gate is to be removed, the KHADC is ready to remove it after talks with the government. it was the day.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Vice Chancellor (North Eastern Hill University), IG Border Security Force (BSF), retired CBIC officers and Consul General Bhutan.
Hek said it is not that they hate the director but the protests have been going on for some reason since Dr Thapa was appointed as the director.
“Therefore, we strongly urge the Commission to take action to announce the results of the applicants who have passed the Written Examination and to immediately call for an interview for the applicants. “We have no choice but to hold protests against the Commission,” said the union.
In order to prevent the exploiters, the party has already sent a report to the Central Body and for many reasons has requested the Central Body to abolish the 17North Shillong Constituency first and take measures to strengthen it. North Shillong.
This assistance will be provided under the PNB Ladli Scheme.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The State Executive Committee of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit has unanimously welcomed the invitation of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Pope Francis to India.
After the arrival of the plant from Rangphlang Rasong, the plane from Bhoi and Thaiang can be brought back. The plane brought from Rangphlang Rasong is finally covered with Syrtep. these are the public trees.
Meghalaya has more than 6000 employees and about 300 supervisors of ASHA workers who provide services to the public.
General Secretary Jenita Mukhim, Assistant Secretary Ieitlang Dkhar, Treasurer Daman Swer and 20 other office bearers.
The tournament was organized by the Archery Association of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, while speaking to reporters on the incident at Umawli in West Khasi Hills District, said that as soon as he learned of the incident, The District Administration has been directed to ensure that there will be no disturbance or instability in the area.
At this meeting, the three organizations today decided that they want to meet with the government and the topic they will discuss is to demand from the government to suspend the work. to the railroad.
The inauguration of him as interim speaker will be held tomorrow at the Governor's House.
To attract tourists, the government should improve the roads, not only in this area but to all the tourist destinations.
Sometimes they get better, but sometimes they relapse.
The MUDRA scheme will be of assistance to the people and will reduce the borrowing from the private sector.
On the morning of 18th June, the robber tried to take away the remaining bottle and kiad belonging to one of the arrested.
The NESO expresses its gratitude to all those who have opposed this bill especially to the Meghalaya government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister, the Mizoram government under the leadership of Zoramthanga, all the civil society organizations including the women's organizations who have opposed the CAB 2016 of the NDA government. Special thanks to the Chief Minister of Bihar Nitish Kumar for bringing the CAB 2016 The National Executive Council of the JD(U) party has decided to oppose the CAB 2016 bill.
To the surprise of the police and the law enforcement agencies, the magistrates saw that some people living in the area carried aircraft and injured the police and drove them away.
The question now is no longer the landfill but the question of how to fill it with waste to generate energy.
The union feels that in the meantime, the government should pay more attention to follow up on many issues and resolutions passed by the Legislative Assembly of the state to achieve the goal. the anxiety of the Piadbah.
He said that the State Anthem was established in accordance with the Meghalaya Language Act which was approved by the Governor in
The incident has led to the tourist taxi drivers of Assam not allowing tourist taxis from Meghalaya to enter Assam. In the same way, the tourist taxi drivers from Meghalaya have not allowed tourist taxis from Assam to enter. sha Meghalaya.
Two members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) were arrested on charges of involvement in the recent killing of foreign workers in Ichamati, East Khasi Hills.
The two groups of border guards can arrange for the release of prisoners in custody of the two countries either in India or Bangladesh.
After completing all the necessary procedures, the BSF has handed over to the Customs in Danger for further investigation.
He praised the NEP-2020 for opening up many opportunities and bringing happiness in education.
The increase in the number of local entrepreneurs in tourism and other sectors is also a positive impact that the B20 Conference has had on the minds of the youth.
The first applies to workplaces with more than 10 employees and the second to workplaces with less than 9 employees.
The union urges the people of the area to understand that similar incidents of uranium mining have happened in Jaduguda in the past years by misleading the people in the name of Jaduguda. roi that about.
Finally, he urged the people of the area to join hands in the fight against the CAA and to demand ILP. 2013 and now it is time to get this Act because the party sees that if there is no problem to grant ILP to Manipur why should it be difficult to grant ILP to Meghalaya.
This has often led to struggles to become secretaries and members of various VECs.
Congress Mawhati MLA Charles Margnar said at Congress Bhavan that the party is concerned about the welfare of the people and also about the future of the youth of the state.
It aims to connect the pilgrimage sites in a well-developed and sustainable system that has all the services for tourists.
They said that the suspect committed this robbery in the middle of the night on 15/6/2023 when the child was alone at home. He committed the crime but shot and beat the child who was injured in one eye and is now in critical condition.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that five persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM), Meghalaya State Unit, calls upon all the citizens who have a sense of concern for the future of the country and the nation to come forward. on that day, including government employees, working on their own.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah E.Kharmalki, said that the district authorities have conducted an inspection and taken all the seven deceased to hospital for treatment. do the post mortem.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan congratulated NEEPCO for being quick to implement the scheme to improve the football ground in Iooksi Village.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh, MLA Mawlai Constituency, today visited Mawiong Umjapung Village, Shillong to meet with the village leaders in the presence of senior officers from the PWD department to inspect the dirt roads. who are still leaving shrah in order to open the ways and means to get rid of them.
This training is for all those who build houses and to teach people that they should not build houses without any proper plan because this is necessary to avoid from any injuries.
The event was organized by the Arts and Culture Society.
It is learned that at the time of the arrest, the leader of the BSF managed to flee the scene.
Apkyrmen and Prishon won the 600 metres in 4.33 minutes followed by Shillong Momo team in 5.1 minutes and AMB Children's Village team in 5.4 minutes.
He acknowledged members’ acceptance of the risk of completing their chamber.
To attract the audience, Bah Kharbuli said that there will be Bollywood stars including Preeti Jhangiani and Parvin Dabas who will attend the event.
The decision was taken after receiving a report from the Deputy Commissioners of the state and the permission to reopen the places of worship will be more than half of the number of places of worship. which means 1/3 of any place of worship.
Various groups that the journalists will meet with include the Assam Rifles, Assam Police, Tourism Department, AIIMS-Guwahati, IIT-Guwahati and others.
He said that the BJP's action after seeing the Bharat Jodo Yatra which has received the support of many people across the states of India has frightened the BJP. He said that Rahul Gandhi's nomination may be the same as in the past when Indira Gandhi was nominated as a member of the Lok Sabha and after the elections. She returned as a member of the Lok Sabha and became the first Prime Minister of India at that time.
Such a meeting will strengthen cooperation and bring about understanding and understanding of the challenges faced by the country.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Human Rights, Manikrao Hodlya Gavit in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha today.
The women accused the driver of the STPS bus of saying unpleasant things to them.
At the Cabinet meeting held tonight, it was decided that the government will send its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
Out of the 12 districts, 11 districts have been selected and the third is Eastern Khasi Hills District. Fearful Enemy.
It is learned that another MLA has joined the NPP yesterday and the name and constituency of the party has not yet been confirmed. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has said that the NPP party will play a major role in forming the government in Mizoram.
The meeting was conducted by Rapborlang Nongrum. Speeches were delivered by Donald V Thabah, Rishan Nongsiej, David Syiemlieh and Lambok Starwell Marngar.
He said that as students they should be responsible for the work they do as students and this will help them to take responsibility for the country in the future generations. .
“The VPP has no complaint if the Government provides accommodation to Government employees who are entitled to stay in Government residences while they are working but the provision of accommodation to these public is impossible. “It is also outside the boundaries of the law and there has been no exact explanation from the Government on how it can do this,” said the VPP in a statement. Member of the Media Cell of the VPP.
On the other hand, the farmers have to change vehicles and transport their crops from one side of the river to the other and this has caused a huge loss as it has affected the price of their crops.
Referring to the proposal to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken this seriously and On the other hand, as the Chief Minister of the state, he will not follow up and take action.
Meanwhile, Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie said that he firmly believes that the youth are the bright future of the nation and education is the tool to achieve it.
Thus, by self-defense, even the small and weak can take advantage of the opportunity to defeat those who fight against them even if they are larger than them.
At the same time, the Minister said that the time has come to introduce Smart Technology in education as it will connect with the international information system which will help the students to get more information. on their subject.
The implementation of the NRC in Assam is part of the removal of foreign officials who came to settle in Assam after 1971 from the electoral roll of Assam.
Initially, 5,000 farmers from Meghalaya, East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills will be recruited.
During the curfew, tire burnings were observed around parts of Shillong, Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi districts.
Police have immediately arrested the driver of the truck and he is now in the custody of the police for further investigation.
Shillong, October 01: Air Marshal C Hari Kumar, Chief of Air Staff of the Eastern Air Command, on Tuesday said that Pakistan and China do not have such a military alliance.
On the 14th of this month, the Catholic Mission in Ampati, has been demanded Rs 5 lakh by a rebel group and has set a deadline of the 20th of this month to pay the money.
Abdul is from Jhalupara, Shillong and his wife is from Nawgong Assam. Out of three children, three have contracted the disease.
The Seng would like to clarify to those shopkeepers who attended the meeting yesterday, that according to point No 4 of the demand of the Association is to demand a license to foreigners.
JR Marak Joint Director, Sports Department, Meghalaya was the chief guest.
The Government has tried to increase the number of uranium miners in the country.
All Heads of Government Departments have been directed to inform the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the Districts after issuing the passes to their employees. pass.
In the current MP elections, it was observed that the turnout in Shillong was very low compared to the constituencies in the rural areas.
The meeting was conducted by MB Ryngkhlem, SS Suting and P.Ryngkhlem also delivered speeches.
This will provide assistance to 9.3 crore farmers in exemption to the tune of T 20,000 crore.
At the same time, the KSU CEC leaders informed that they have followed up on the demand of the KSU Bangalore Unit to build a Meghalaya House in Bangalore from the Meghalaya government in June Meghalaya has announced that the construction of the house will be completed in March
On the same day, the new unit also awarded the Maitshaphrang Award to the students of the village who have passed well in their examinations as a sign of encouragement and inspiration.
From July 1 to 30, 2023, an estimated 27 livestock have died in these natural disasters.
Therefore, a strict law should be enacted so that the Government cannot ignore responsibility and the perpetrators should be arrested and not remain on the books as “faceless thieves.
He sent his condolences to the flood victims in several parts of the country.
The Marathon will start from 8 pm from Thangsning to Thynroit, followed by the Dorbar.
The Chief Minister also said that two things will be kept in mind.
During these three-day meetings, there will be many discussions between scholars from all over the world on this topic. Every year on this topic, there are books published. There are more than 3,000 of them worldwide.
Shillong, November 14: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, at its public meeting held recently this month at Khliehriat West District, has re-elected its office bearers and Executive Members. The term of office shall be two years, namely, 2022-2
The mother rhino, named Jamuna, was rescued from the floods in Kaziranga National Park in July 2004 by the Assam Forest Department and taken over by the Assam Forest Department. This year, when it was three months old, the IFAW-WTI ran CWRC from Gaziranga and went to Manas National Park in Bodaland.
"WE WANT TO BE THE MYNDER OF THE JONC OF THE COUNTRY"
More than 50,000 people were left homeless, more than 10,000 houses were damaged and destroyed.
He said that today about 60 vehicles carrying agricultural products have been turned away from the middle of the road and the union is very sorry for this refusal to allow these days and the union has gone to speak. and they were released, if the government did not release them, they would sell them.
Replying to the nomination of candidates by other parties, Danngo said, “I welcome all those who come to contest MLA from Ranikor, the parties have the right to nominate candidates”.
Shillong, July 28: Adhoc teachers under the banner of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) today staged a protest in front of the Secretariat to express to the government that they continue to demand of those who will increase their salaries as they have already discussed in the past months.
This is indeed a memorable MP election and I came out at this time because I too see the desire of the people to bring about change for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people of Meghalaya.
This was stated by Bah Pynïaid through the media on Friday when the Hynniewtrep Ïewduh Association (HIA) congratulated the Council for taking the initiative to curb the illegal immigration of foreigners. documents available at Ïewduh and GS Road.
In the Recurve Mixed Team, West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal while South West Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
Shillong, Naitung 27: To resolve the issues within the Dr HG Robert Hospital run by the Presbyterian Church, a meeting was held between the staff and Pastor NS Phawa. The Executive Committee shall be convened immediately to resolve the issues.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Lyngwa said that the fight against this evil is not only the responsibility of the police but also the responsibility of the people in the society.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Arunachal Students' Union (ASUS) Shillong will hold a rally in protest against the murder of Nido Tania, a student from Arunachal Pradesh, in New Delhi. The rally was held in Shillong.
On the other hand, the president of the RBSU, said that their demand is that the government should set up a Government College, but on the other hand, the Prime Minister said that there is a problem to set up a Government College. College in terms of teachers because they can be transferred from one place to another and many teachers want to stay in urban areas.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma on Tuesday inspected and conducted a working meeting on the construction of the new Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
Seeing this news, the case has been registered and sent a letter to the state police department and directed to submit a report to the MHRC within one day of receipt of the letter.
He said that the District Council authorities in the past 60 years have become merely the builders of white houses for the Hima/Elaka.
He concluded by saying that Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat was launched by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in view of this unity in which one state has access to information about another state.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Dr. BDR Tiwari.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that 10 people have died of COVID-19 out of which 9 have not been vaccinated. The death toll has risen to 1195 with 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
The Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFPSA) 1958, which was implemented by the British in April 1942, has intensified the struggle against the Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFPSA). The Quit India Movement after India gained independence implemented this law against its own people.
Other speakers at the celebration were Bah Synroplang Kharshiing, General Secretary of the party, Doloi of Jowai Elaka, Bah Puramon Kynjing.
Bah Nongrem, who was once CEM and at the same time Chairman and Leader of the Opposition, said that the opposition should now be called “Abstain”. no more say the opposite.
Up to 75 soldiers of the 58 Gorkha Training Center came forward to donate blood.
The Minister of State for Child Development appreciated the efforts, courage and hard work of the BSF personnel to protect the border areas.
The Global Chant was launched on the 21st of this month around the world and in this state it was also held on the same day at the holy place.
The two cases are from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 6 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills. North Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 1, West Khasi Hills
The Director said that out of 124 cases in East Khasi Hills, 66 cases are near and dead, 39 cases are from the army, 10 cases from Laban, 10 cases from Pynthorumkhrah, one case from Pynthorumkhrah. The vehicle of the Chief Minister and three others were suffering from headaches.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Six cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, three cases from East Khasi Hills, one case from Ri Bhoi and two cases from West Garo Hills. There are 49 cases so far.
The Meghalaya Estimate Committee (MDEC) has inspected the ITI at Sakwang village and found that the construction of the ITI at Sakwang village has been 100% completed. only water and electricity.
The following shows the payments to the States for the GST and IGST Settlement for the fiscal year 2020-21: –.
The heavy rainfall has also caused many parts of the road to collapse and this landslide has made it easier for vehicles to travel from Shillong to Jowai and Jowai to Shillong.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of Garo Hills to look into the expenditure.
The allocation of funds for the advertisement of the Block Offices has been completed.
Shillong, Nailur 19: Two persons were arrested by the Divisional Officer of the Soil Department of South Garo Hills District, LN Marak, while he was on his way from Tura to Baghmara. unidentified persons stopped the vehicle in which he was sitting.
Shillong, July 01: Three children have died while others are still suffering from the consumption of wild tit in Saphai village, Laskeiñ C&RD Block. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Prestone said that only those who have gone to these two hospitals for treatment or medicine can call 108.
The NPP leader alleged that the reason is that the prime minister is spending the night in Delhi and cannot look after the work.
Nagaland has been given 10 seats and all the states of the North East including Sikkim have been given 18 seats.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Riwar Mihngi Circle led by its Secretary Glorious Swett has met with the SDO at the office of the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla.
Referring to the HANM, he said that as members of the HANM, they should be people who know people and know God. for in this place they shall be built for the nation.
Shillong, June 01: The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides today celebrated April Cool Day at the office by cleaning up the office.
Speaking to reporters, Hamlet said that during the meeting, the Prime Minister said that he has taken seriously this issue for the sake of the people. The state has demanded the implementation of the ILP and he has already discussed this with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
The National Shoto Cup Karate Championship 2018 has been attended by almost all the states of India.
Qamar Bajwa on his way to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Imran Khan as Prime Minister of Pakistan.
The lack of salary for three months has put them in difficulty even to pay the school fees of their children and the natural disaster in the past few days has put them in a difficult position.
bad you sma political rights rights.
Osman Nonglang from Dhualai Group said that the purpose of the Winter Mosh is to attract tourists from all over India to West Khasi Hills District, at the same time to promote the music. border within the District.
KSU SWKH is surprised by the actions of Bah Vincent Pala and Bah Manstudy by misleading the people. This is nothing but a political ploy for their own benefit in
With these words, I once again wish you and your family a happy Independence Day celebration and wish you a bright future.
On receiving this information, the RPF police informed the family members and took her to the court for further investigation and now she has been placed at the Coochbehar Shelter Home. I don't know what to do.
Let us fulfill the desire of the ancients.
The Government wants to see the people improve their income in all aspects.
It is worth mentioning that the employees of GHADC under the umbrella of NGEA have been on strike since the 14th of this month and these strikes have continued to demand their salary which is still pending. for 32 months.
The award was presented to him for his book on the hundreds of bridges to Ri-War and on the TV show Shisngi Ha La Shnong (A day in the village) is not broadcast at the Doordarshan Kendra.
On this occasion, the Executive Committee has directed all MDCs that out of 100,000 tyngka, the MDCs can send schemes to purchase equipment to distribute to the people should be only T.30 tyngka, while T.70 tyngka. it should be in the construction of any buildings.
Police suspect that Boro committed suicide at the instigation of Akhil Gogoi.
Nearly a thousand Muslims took part in the march.
However, the widespread use of plastics has affected the environment in which we live.
The award is for poor families who have improved in their education.
The meeting was held to express what they have to say on the MP ticket. Bah Vincent H Pala, MP from the Congress party, was present on the occasion. He said that if the party does not give tickets, it will not contest the MP election from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Madan Umwan, June 07: U Bah C Shadap, one of the leaders of the Congress party, today visited Umwang to campaign for the election at a public meeting at Madan Umwang village and at the same time to ask for support. Therefore, I would like to ask the people of this constituency to give their strong support to Bah Vincent H Pala in this MP election which is now the candidate of the Congress party.
Shillong, July 11: Leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma to discuss the demands of the union regarding the management of the EMRI. 108 in the state of Meghalaya.
Deepankar Mech, Jackson Lyngdoh and Alexion Roy Mylliem Umlong in the 75 kg category; Tridip Medhi, Alan S Marbaniang and Kishore Chettri in the 85 kg category.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mr James Sangma, while opening the Midterm Conference of the Indian Association of Surgical Oncology (IASO) held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on 25th March until October 27, 2022.
The school was destroyed by the Assam police in April and until now there has been no supervision from the government to do anything to make it safe. for the students of the entire area.
At this meeting, they decided to send their recommendations to the State Government on all the issues discussed in the committee to the Government to accept the proposals. There are those who have yet to write their comments and send them to the Government of Meghalaya or to the Chief Minister.
Shillong, July 24: The MPLU and JCCCA today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Khorkongor to discuss the issue of foreign vehicles in Meghalaya. but even private vehicles where the state government gets nothing from them.
The Superintendent of Police in charge of the Fire Department came to inspect the fire, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and other government officials of the district came to inspect the fire. poi sha this bag.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle has once again held the 11th Annual Meet of the Khasi people living in Barak Valley, Assam this year.
If you want to talk, please come on the 1st with the necessary documents because we don't want to do anything wrong. The chairman is not pleased.
Through these LCSs with EDI, the transportation of goods and customs clearance will now be easier, thus boosting trade and income in the region.
Educational success is not just about a degree or diploma, but a commitment to helping improve the lives of others in a way that they can support themselves.
It is for this reason that MSMEs are essential to provide employment opportunities now.
Bonsai also comes from the Chinese word 'Bon' which means Tre and sai which means to grow or plant.
The meeting also explained the rules of how to proceed in the House, discussed the peace and order in the state, discussed what is happening in the state. The group has decided to confirm and reject the resolution of the Congress party.
The notice anticipates an influx of vehicles from various districts due to these events, potentially leading to traffic congestion in Shillong and the surrounding areas.
About 250 people have been deployed at the BSF camp at Prahari Nagar and Dhanakgiri in Tura, and at the BSF outposts. which is located in Gashuapara and Kilapara.
The policy discussion, held at the 4th meeting of G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors in March 2023, brought together Deputies and Leaders from all G20 Member States, invitees and teams operating in different countries.
The CEM said that the payment which has affected the families and the community and the state is the fight against drugs, therefore he urged the village authorities, village youth organizations and mothers that they should work together in this regard to fight against this evil.
This is also a sign of India's rise in the world, he said.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Meghalaya Minerals Exporters' Chamber (MNC) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's delay in approving mining plans. you are a mawshun.
Dr Donkupar Roy as the president of the UDP has to take responsibility for this, said Bah Shylla. Shylla has announced that he will contest the MLA election from Nongkrem but no longer from the UDP party, he said that after the dorbar he will leave the UDP. the nations are gathered together, but this throne has been rejected.
During the meeting, they also discussed the problems affected by the NGT's ban on coal mining and Conrad urged the Chief Minister of India to take action. to look into this issue as well as the issue on the border with Assam which has not been resolved till date.
The Chief Minister urged the people to take advantage of the existing schemes of the government. He urged the farmers to take advantage of this opportunity to improve their agriculture.
This discussion came after Bah KP Pangniang EM in charge of Elaka Affairs brought this report in the House regarding the election of the full Syiem in the Malaisohmat Hima.
On the other hand, the OC Market Police promised to look into the matter.
On the part of Bah Doloi, we urge the authorities to take immediate action for the farmers who have been affected.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has confirmed its new office bearers at a meeting at Mawlai Polytechnic.
Regarding the arrest of Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai, they demanded that the law enforcement agencies should release Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai immediately.
The General Secretary of Bharat Sevashram Sangha, Sreemat Swami Biswatmananda Maharaj, delivered a welcome speech on the occasion. India.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Ryngkynsai Kharbuki, Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of the Trade Department, on Tuesday said that officers will be called to investigate whether there is a truth or not. that file.
The public can report such cases to the police.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said that the presence of banks is very important in the rural areas as government schemes have been implemented through banks belonging to the state and central governments. the schemes are all administered through banks.
The affected villages are Maheshkhola, Thisokre, Kampilgre, Chinasogra, Jilagora and others.
Shillong, July 24: A meeting of JHADC Chiefs of Police of JHADC including CEM Ma Thombor, Dy.CEM AA Shulai, Chairman AH Darnei, Dy Chairman H. Bareh and other MDCs. The two-day conference ended today at Raj Bhavan where the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, was the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the CBSE should include the Khasi language to strengthen the Khasi language. Khasi language in the syllabus to write examinations as one of the subjects in Khasi language.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister urged the people to join hands with the government in the implementation of any scheme so that it will be successful in the fight against the disease. malnutrition should be the protest of the people to reduce the mortality of mothers during childbirth as well as the mortality of children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Teachers who have been specially trained at the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) today staged a protest on the opening day of the examination for the D.EL. .Ed to combat fraud in the publication of the results of the past 2013 and
Police are conducting investigation to find out more about the trafficking of firearms to the Lehnoh in Meghalaya.
The price of siej has been increased from T.100 to T.1000, while the price of synsar and sla tyrpad has been increased from T.60 to T.
The union demands that the government of Conrad K Sangma should reconcile with the Assam government to discuss the border issue which has remained in place since the independence of Meghalaya. Since 1972, it has been 48 years since the state became independent.
Naitung 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has appealed to the people of Meghalaya to vote for Juliana Kurbah in the Dance India Dance – Super Moms competition organized by the Dance India Dance – Super Moms. Zee TV and was broadcast on Saturday and Sunday.
Passah said that these letters issued by the DCA cannot be on the laws that have been passed within the District Councils, so he requested the DCA department to canceled immediately such letters so that the District Councils can protect the trade in the State.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Chief Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District today issued an order and informed all police stations to arrest Manseng D Sangma. They will be arrested at Sardar Police Station Shillong.
However, this year, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the world, which has spread here in our country, the party has decided that on this day, we will fight with The program started at 6 pm and ended at 10 pm.
The Chief Minister said that crime in the state has decreased by 33% in the state. To claim that crime has increased by 33% is wrong. well now.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the influx of insurgents from Meghalaya, Tripura and Assam to Bangladesh is still there, but there are no more camps to train the insurgents. The NLFT in Tripura is in Chittagong, the HNLC in Khasi Hills and the ULFA in Garo Hills.
From the 19th Jaiaw Constituency, out of the three candidates who applied for the ticket, the party has decided to nominate Bah Thomas Passah who is also the Vice President of the party and also the President of the State Youth Wing. , to become a Candidate.
They said that the people who cut down the tree fled the scene and did not go to help the injured.
Regarding the MUDA by-Laws, the SRS has not yet accepted the government's proposal. The union will meet again on Friday before meeting with the government. Shillong, November 12: The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, in his speech at the public meeting of the party held in Yangon, Myanmar, said: At Madan Malki, he alleged that the BJP is a branch of the RSS, which intends to introduce a law in India.
With this quickness of the BSF troops and with their courage they were able to rescue another man who drowned in the Ranikor River because the boat he was riding capsized while standing in the middle of the river.
So far, no talks have been called and the demands of the union have not been implemented.
He was shot dead on 9/09/2018 at Madan Umwang and died on 12/09/2
Shillong, Nailur 02: On the occasion of the G20 Presidency of India, Akashvani Shillong in collaboration with St. Anthony's College, Shillong today held a Conclave at St. Anthony's College, Shillong.
On 26th October 2020, the government will release the public to buy food items according to the needs of the public.
The Association invites applications from all schools who wish to take part in this competition and those who wish to take part can call these numbers for more information, Mobile No. 98630 65102/ 97740 62118/ 98561 72767 / 98566 12245/ 9612007101/ 98566 23718.
To attract more people to this festival, the party will also inform India through advertisements especially in the cities of India through the media. to make Meghalaya a center of tourism.
Umiam, Naiwieng 07: After the traffic jam at Umiam Dwar on the Shillong bypass road collapsed, trucks passing through the GS Road had to stop on the GS Road.
The Minister urged them to do well in these competitions in the remaining days.
He said that all the provisions of the Act except the second provision of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession 17 August 1948, which was included in the petition. 13 April 2000 demanding the Government of India to amend or repeal the Act on the Rules of Forestry, Opening of Sawmills, in accordance with Para 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Instead of improving the MCCL Ltd, the government has decided to close down the dewbilat factory and this is like looking down on the people and their feelings.
After listening to the complaints of the farmers and the problems expressed by the veterinary doctors, the Union Minister of State for Child Development said that there is a shortage of veterinarians in India. He urged the government to send people for three months training and the central government will bear the cost.
This incident has affected the minds of those students who have passed the examination well.
Rio said the Congress government in Delhi has introduced the Right to Education Act after 50 years. that India has gained independence.
On the apology and thanks to the feet by the BSF, Dr. Buam said, “If there is anything wrong I am ready to forgive but I cannot thank to the feet.
The ceremony started on 01/10/2022 and ended on 5/10/2022 with the blessings at various places arranged by the government and in Shillong the blessings were held at Wahumkhrah Shillong. in which many Hindu believers took part.
The Stand Up India scheme was launched in recognition of the challenges faced by SC, ST and women in trying to set up their own businesses, access loans and other assistance they need from time to time. time so that their work can be successful.
The meeting also elected 36 office bearers of the working committee of the party. Former president Robertjune Kharjahrine was appointed as the chief secretary and Peter L Lawai was appointed as the chief secretary. The new meeting will be held on 11/11/2023 in Shillong, according to a statement sent by Bah John N Lyngdoh, President of the party.
This makes us even more skeptical about this matter.
The SP of South West Khasi Hills, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that no arrest has been made yet in connection with the incident but the investigation is ongoing.
The States have readily accepted this scheme, and the recent campaign has been a success.
Handle said that since 2006, no food has been received and this has prompted the group of MDCs to lock the doors of the Khashari House. The Court has ordered the District Council to pay the fine.
On the other hand, Bah Antonio War EM of KHADC, seeing this confusion and confusion in front of him, he adjourned the dorbar and said at this meeting that this issue will be discussed. Jowai, Naitung 08: The Unitarian Youth Union of North East India in collaboration with the Unitarian Youth Association of Mukhap (KHADC) in collaboration with the Unitarian Youth Association of Mukhap (KHADC) has held a meeting on the 8th July The Secretary of Mukhap Village, Bah T.Papang was the chief guest.
Surprisingly, when the CRPF came, they protected these Dkhars and tied lathi against the Khasi.
The fare increase was last made in 2011.
There are 136 PhD holders, 41 M.Phil holders, 1342 PG Degrees holders and 12983 Bachelor's Degrees holders.
Shillong, July 02: Four MLAs today resigned from the Legislative Assembly to join the BJP, where they were welcomed to the party at a meeting held here. at Golf Link today.
The union through the petition, said that if the construction is completed but if it is left lyngkrang without being used, this school building will turn into a den of criminals.
Mr. Hek said.
Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal and Shillong United scored the third goal.
Speaking to reporters at the BJP office after the signing of the Soskular with the Meghalaya Government, the Union Minister said that with the signing of the Soskular, Meghalaya is now will get 30000 tire filling stations in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) today held a protest near the Additional Secretariat to demand the release of the SSA teachers. their salaries that have been outstanding for five months.
This will be done within the next six months. The Trauma Centre, which has not been operational for more than 10 years, will be operational within 45 days.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Shillong today conducted a training on cattle breeding at Mawryngkneng village under Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that all the seven MLAs of Shillong have attended the meeting convened by the Chief Minister. .
Police have seized the truck from Umkdiat Nongmynsong after finding the location through their mobile phone.
The meeting was conducted by Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA in the presence of Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, Meghalaya State Olympic Association. The third East Games will be held from 18th to 23rd March 2024 in Nagaland.
The KSU encourages the members of North Khasi Hills District and the KSU as a whole and said that they are ready to fight against the government and stand firm on the ground as the KSU Sengkmie has made it clear that we will never allow The railway to reach the territory of Hynniewtrep while there are no laws to curb the illegal entry of Mynder.
The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will attend the meeting as a sign of their sincere intention to resolve the border issue and to give confidence to the people. to meet with the people in some places in Block I and Block II as they have the goal of resolving this border dispute.
Shillong, June 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issues related to the SWKHD. assistance with household items to the victims of natural disasters.
Shillong, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he is pleased to see that the state has civil society organizations and hopes that other states will also have the same. in the state of Meghalaya.
Besides the speeches of these guests, a welcome speech was delivered by Bah Andrias Dkhar Chairman of SMC. Past Pupil was spoken by Samla Bah Berjilius Rynniaw, History of the school was read by Babu Robert E. Dkhar and Vote of Thanks was read by Babu Benis Rongrin.
Shillong, July 09: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent Pala, who is also MP to the Lok Sabha from Shillong, has strongly criticized the state government for withdrawing from the Hynniewtrep National Congress. The Liberation Council (HNLC) from the peace talks table.
Meanwhile, the BJP has benefited from the lack of a strong leader to oppose Shri Narendra Modi in the opposition, especially when many opposition leaders have emerged as candidates for PM. All the opposition parties, the Indian National Congress and other parties led by the TMC, MGC (SP+BSP+RLD), TDP, RJD, all of them have responded with questions. it is whether they shall be able to stand again.
This was announced by Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 28: Replying to a question raised by Banjop Pyngrope regarding the Internet in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) He said that it is a fact that mobile internet is scarce even in Shillong and not only in the rural areas.
The Central Government has sent a letter to the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to be concerned about the presence of the GNLA which has committed terrorist acts.
The demand of COMSO for ILP, which they demand should be from the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873, should not come from anywhere.
Also present on the occasion were Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA, Samlin Malngiang, MDC, Sherbor Mawlong, MDC, KK Mawa, Chief Engineer, PWD. S Kyndiah, Superintending Engineer, PWD (Roads), Eastern Circle, W Rilang Lyngdoh, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Shillong South Division and members of Mawphlang Hima.
He passed away today due to other illnesses.
To encourage the use of herbal medicines, it is also necessary to have a close relationship with the government to monitor and start keeping records of herbs that have been used to make medicines so that future generations can receive training. The inheritance, as it is now, has ended only in the inheritance.
Shillong, July 31; Shillong: Kalu Chetri, 30, Shillong, has been admitted to the Civil Hospital for treatment on the 17th of this month. The month has passed away and his body is still in the hospital.
A meeting will be convened between the teachers and the government in November to discuss how to resolve the issues faced by the teachers.
Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, has reminded that the Government has appointed a special committee of 50 members headed by by Dr DD Lapang, including the Village, Raid to Hima, and District Councils in April 2015 and the follow-up is ongoing.
The Minister was welcomed at the Tezpur Airforce Station by GOC Gajraj Corps Lt Gen AS Bedi and other Air Force officials.
Hundreds of Gorkha people, men and women, young and old, marched in Darjeeling to express their demand for Gorkhaland.
“I left the Congress even though I worked hard to elect Ngaitlang Dhar as MLA in
Because as all people know that the law exists and that if their leader has done or said anything that will affect them, they should lodge a complaint with the law.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills and the Dorbar Shnong Rwiang on Tuesday closed down the office of the Ferro Alloy Factory in Rwiang on suspicion of kidnapping of a woman by an employee of Rwiang. this factory is not in the state.
In this meeting, the NIT authorities in Meghalaya told the Governor about the struggle of the NIT to improve the quality of education in the state. the new way.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong-Dawki District, on Tuesday said that the Shillong-Dawki road has been opened for traffic after the ground has been cleared and the stones have been removed from the road. cause of the collapse this evening.
Baghmara, July 19: The celebration of the 25th Anniversary of South Garo Hills District today ended at Baghmara with many games and dances.
“The government should take action and should resolve this insult to the Khasi-Jaintia otherwise the party will gather its members to guard the border even if they have to carry weapons for the sake of the people. “They don't live in the border areas,” said Bah Tyllang.
These three are the greatest and most important things that God the Creator has given us but if we are careful we will lose because there are many who are trying to destroy our rights. to be friendly and thoughtful by taking good care of ourselves and to preserve our own customs and traditions when we say we love our own country.
There are 10 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 9 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills.
In his speech, Zentih said that many people go to talk to their MLAs to get government jobs, this is illegal and the government does not want such a thing. The Minister urged that the examinations conducted by the MPSC and DSC should be according to their rights. Their farmland is not only for the benefit of them now but also for the future generations.
When contacted by the pharmacists or the pharmacists, it was found that there is not a single pharmacist at the PHC and this has caused problems to many of them.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today promised to take personal action on the demand for the upgradation of the Mawryngkneng Public Health Center to a Community Health Center as demanded by the Union of Hynniewtrep Health Sordar Village.
The union also demands that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government should not continue such incidents from now on.
Its achievements in the past 50 years since its inception in 1972 have been great in the fields of infrastructure development, education, health and agriculture.
The Meteorological Department has 4,000 employees across India. Its task is to monitor the weather and predict what will happen. from the environment by using the powers of the present age.
As a sign of respect to the Chief Minister, I will take the ticket from the NPP to contest the mid-term elections.
The truth is that they have been able to prevent the party's MLAs from being overthrown by others and they want to prevent this until the MLA elections in 2023, but now you see that there is a sudden defection. when elections are announced this is the case when they cannot be resolved in time.
The second leg will be played offline in the semi final and the third leg will be played in the final.
Shillong, July 04: There are 243 applications from the Dorbar Shnongs for the Community Quarantine Centers under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Union Ministers, MPs, MLAs and leaders from various parts of the country will also participate.
At the opening ceremony of these two roads, he said that as the leader, he announced to honor all those land owners who have contributed to the construction of the road and also those who have donated land since the land of Laban and others.
“If they allege that the ABVP sent the robbers, they should lodge a complaint with the police but not just talk in the media.
This has caused unhappiness to the residents of the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the 100 bedded Hospital at Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of MLA Kyrmen Shylla. minister.
This is the victory of the Indian Army against the Pakistani Army in 1971 when the 101st Area Army became the first Indian Army to enter Dhaka. on this day 16th November
Therefore, the Union requests all the 4385 teachers of batch 2013 in the State who are contesting the examinations to come out on the 24th and 25th of this month to demand their rights and to condemn the NIOS. This was stated by Bah HM Marbaniang, General Secretary, in a statement sent today.
Paul Makri was 19 years old at the time of the shooting and was studying at Government Boys Secondary School and Karate (white belt) at YMCA. In Bhoi and Shillong he lived in Jaiaw.
Mairang, Naiwieng 15: U Bah T Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner of Khadsawphra College, West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday inaugurated the Sanitary Complex of Khadsawphra College. .4 lakh through the office of DC Nongstoin.
Replying to a question by SP News Agency, Witting said that he really intends not to contest the MLA election next year. “I will contest the MLA election”.
The CEM said that the discussion today was also on the issue of syieng as he is one of the farmers in Ri Bhoi and the government should open markets in Bhoi whether it is Bhoirymbong or ha Umsning that the farmers can sell because this is the end of the harvest.
If you have your own, it will help you a lot for job seekers as well as for students.
Many of the people from the youth, men and women, the elderly and women in various ranks did not count or care about the day and night, did not care about the loss. sleep is lost and does not waste time.
In addition, it has also worked to promote the use of technology in space operations using the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC).
Throughout the rivers, it is prohibited to dump soil not only in this river but also in other rivers, but in the area where there is an old nar bridge Umsherpi, there has been dumping of soil by people who cannot to tip.
This was announced by the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Rural Development in Ri-Muliang C&RD Block.
It is for this reason that the government has introduced the Lokayata Act and the Social Audit Act.
As a sign of the handover of this house, the Director of M/s Asian Housing and Infrastructure Pvt.
With the participation of more than 60 speakers from different countries, the conference is expected to bring about discussions and recommendations that will contribute to the implementation of the “Meghalaya Manifesto,” a policy framework for development. against climate change who are grounded in nature.
In a letter sent to the CEM of GHADC, Dalseng Bira Ch Momin, he said that he has sent this letter on behalf of the party to ask the highest authorities of the party. GHADC on this illegal act of issuing patta to non-hill tribesmen and in the letter said that the CEM of GHADC should respond to this.
Police have registered a case with Umiam Police station under the IPC and MMPDO. Police are still searching for the perpetrators.
As a writer of Khasi dialogues and films.
MUSO through Bah A Jyrwa, President and Kong N Shadap, Secretary, said that the Meghalaya Idol Season-I (MUSO) has allowed youngsters to participate in the Meghalaya Idol Season-I. to sing solo or group songs.
The people have to stay in darkness for days and months before the rainy season starts and this year is the same.
To resolve this issue, if the State Government needs the cooperation of the Central Government, the Central Government is ready to do so.
Of course, as a party, we understand that at this time, we all have to fight against this terrible disease and we have to wait.
Jowai, Naiwieng 07: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Mukhap Unit, in a statement today through its General Secretary Samla N.Sungoh, has expressed its deep sorrow over the competition and lack of understanding of the MeECL department. The residents of Mukhap village have been suffering from electricity shortage for three months.
Shillong, Lber 28: Answering a supplementary question by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit regarding the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL), the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that since 2006 till now, the government has been working with the government. T.350 crore has been spent on the Dewbilat factory.
Out of 70.4% of males and 46.5% of females in East Khasi Hills District, 70.4% of cases were avoidable.
““Now, just because of the negligence of the previous government to the people of Wapung C&RD Block, the people, besides the expenditure that has been spent in the past for this block from the government money to the money of The Dorbar Shnong has had to spend money to go up to the court and now the Public Hearing is coming and after that we don't know what else the government will do to confuse and confuse the people of the area. “It's a block,” said Dkhar.
They also urged the BSF to increase their vigilance so that there will be no such incidents which could cause panic among the residents of Shella Village and the entire area.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the polling in Nagaland will be held on the same day as in Meghalaya and in Tripura on 16th June
After lodging a complaint with the police, the family members received a phone call from the people and said that they had to pay the money for the release of their father. They tried to go to the places where they had died but it was not possible.
The Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital said that he was admitted to Male Medical Ward-I, Bed No.82, Shillong Civil Hospital. 26-10-2017 at 12:28 PM and passed away today 24-11-2017 at 9:40 AM.
The Minister said he hopes that all the winners will learn from the masterclasses and sessions prepared, will understand the marketing of films when they see this work at the Film Bazaar, and will also gain important contacts through the Talent Camp.
To investigate the opening of way side DHABA's along the Highway where many vehicles come from outside.
Other members of the committee are the Secretary, Educational Research and Training, Secretary, Higher Education, Deputy Secretary, Deputy State Project Director, SSA-SEMAM. this is the committee.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that since the beginning of this year, this is an unexpected incident and no government in the world has ever faced such an incident. This is the problem.
Last year, more than 20 children were taken to hospital after being tied, thrown water and shot with a bomb.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: Answering a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn MLA, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that until now there has been no approval to mine coal in the state.
The DC's remarks came on a question raised on how the district authorities will react to the fares after the increase in the number of passengers in commercial vehicles.
UDP Leader Titostarwell Chyne said that the funeral service will be held on Thursday at his residence in Mawlong, Sohra Civil Subdivision.
According to NPP sources, the remaining 25 candidates will be announced in the first month of July
Many of the families in this village are low income and low in education, and the cheating and exploitation of them in this way is an insult to them and affects them a lot. eh to them.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Forests in Meghalaya, said that the government has not upgraded these two forests since 1999 and now it is time to upgrade them.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has already sent a letter to the Ministry of Sports of the Meghalaya Government to provide an explanation regarding this matter but till now they have not responded. ai canoe canoe answer.
: The Secretary of Personnel & AR Department, Bah Cyril V. Darlong Diengdoh on Tuesday met with the Secretary of the Personnel & AR Department to seek clarification regarding the reduction. the age of appointment in the Police Department.
The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong by the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board of the State Government.
The political parties that have already announced their candidates for the Shillong seat are the VPP from Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon, the NPP from Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha Sangma from Tura.
At the same place, the party will also erect the party flags as a sign of the party's journey under its leaders since its inception until the present moment.
At this meeting, the President of JHBA explained that this has been decided through the Association and the price set should not exceed Rs.500/- (San spah) for the Parents who have children who have studied at the Degree (graduate) level, and shall not exceed 300/- (Laispah) from the amount of parents who have children who have studied in XI and XII. The leader of the Association, said that the Saitain people can charge less than the price, but not more than the price.
During these two days, the Income Tax officials will discuss how to bring about changes in the way of collecting taxes from the rich and will try as much as possible to avoid being prosecuted after they have do their work.
The Seng has also warned that this place should not be turned into a place for drinking alcohol and committing illegal activities.
In her speech, Dr JB Ranee of District MCH said that the World Health Organization has declared in 2014 that India has been free from polio in
After the meeting, the Minister also visited Mawkawah Anganwadi Centre, Sibsingh Memorial Government School Nongpyndeng and Mawlieh Sub-Centre today.
“It has been a year since we have suffered and now we have suffered from the lies of the state government and we will not tolerate this at all but we will hold a strong protest if these soldiers are not withdrawn from Khliehriat,” he said. T Rymbai President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle.
On the other hand, the Governor called for the implementation of the Act East Policy, to discuss the role of the army and police in maintaining peace and order in the country. region.
The receipt of land ownership certificates by the dewbilat factories has also shown how these dewbilat factories have been able to buy large areas of land using the names of the Local Directors as benami, said Bah Majaw.
The HNLC has withdrawn from the peace talks with the Central and State Governments in protest against the Government's inability to approve four key demands including the amnesty of the leaders and the member of the organization.
Those who have been selected from the Blind Audition will receive training for the next Elimination Round and those who have not been selected for the Elimination Round-1 will receive training for the Elimination Round-2 and so on. Up to 10 players will be selected to compete in the Grand Finale.
The JYF invites all the people of Ri Lum Jaintia to come out of their homes to attend the meeting. JYF, Furthermore, urged the people to give their full support to this unfounded demand of the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya. part of the life and death of a small nation.
The number of recoveries so far has risen to
The Forum would like to express its gratitude to the Chiefs, Rangbah Shnongs, Women's Organisations, Youth Organizations, Various Civil Society Organizations and also the leaders of Sohra and Shella area who attended the meeting. was held on 8th November, 2018 at Swami Vivekananda Hall, Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra to express their support for the demand for district.
On this day, he was honoured.
The union found that many of the vacancies in these factories have been published in other newspapers from other states like Bihar, Assam and others.
Under the leadership of the Minister of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah, the Cooperation Department has worked hard for the development of cooperative activities and the development of new schemes along with the new Cooperation Policy.
The Special Cell of East Khasi Hills District Police on Tuesday arrested three gang robbers involved in the kidnapping of truck drivers. to send the jhur.
Participants will be in three categories children 6 to 9 years, 10 to 13, 14 to 17 years and adults 18 years and above.
The work is currently in progress.
They have completed the training and every training is important because it will be of benefit to serve the country,” he said.
“However, you can ask Bah Balajied whether he intends to join other parties,” he added.
Cyril V.Darlong Diengdoh, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, and earlier on the day, the Laitiam River Side Eco Tourism Hub at Laitiam was inaugurated by I.Rynjah, Director of Soil and Water Conservation , Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The death toll from COVID-19 positive in Meghalaya has risen to 1306 so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The film tells the story of the journey of the protagonist and her experiences with many challenges and doubts.
Other demands of the party are that the government should ensure the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, to evict the discriminated against. in Themetor and to grant the demand of the Adhock teachers.
The meeting was held today at the ICSSR Hall of the North Eastern Hill University Shillong. meeting today.
The provision of insurance under the Ayushman Bharat scheme aims to bring together all beneficiaries under one list and provide relief to the poor and needy.
Toris Kurkalang won the first prize in the men's category while Artilin Kurkalang won the first prize in the women's category. , Heprit Sainborwel Kharbyngar & Heprit Idason Kharlukhi were also awarded prizes to the youngest children who took part in the race. The men's category and the women's category were Heprit Ribisha Pathaw and Ribakordor Kharlukhi.
Speaking to media, Bah Seibor Warbah, Member of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, urged all the tourists not to throw away their belongings. you can visit the place.
According to the law, petrol cannot be stored in any place as petrol is harmful.
However, if the goal is to get this head of state in the state by the Khasi elders, perhaps there are only a few things that should not be asked.
The JCCRP has sent a statement to the residents of Jaintia Hills and appealed to the public, intellectuals and prominent figures of Jaintia Hills.
About 60 teams took part in the tournament and the best team trophy went to Nongtluh Area near Umden.
“As the organization, we are deeply saddened to see that this is the case and it is not pleasant that Khasi girls have a close relationship with each other especially with foreigners. says Bah Langrin.
While more progress was being made, the second phase was started from 1 October 2021 with the screening of those at increased risk such as people over 45 years old when it was observed that these account for 80% of the deaths across the country.
One of the traditional rituals of the Khasi people which has been revived for 25 years is the Kiew Pyneh Rngiew to Lum Sohpetbneng.
Before the KSU held a protest, a clash broke out between the Waheh Shnongs and the Police in which they strongly condemned the BSF troops. He said that the BSF troops have not received permission from the Dorbar Shnong to set up a camp within the boundary of the village.
Nangkiew Irat stunned the opposition when a chipped ball forwards was not dealt with by the defence, opening up the way for Felix to score low past Mawlai goalkeeper Lambhamiki Lamare.
The Raj Bhavan, formerly known as the Government House, is the first such building in Shillong and was used as the residence of the Deputy Commissioner, Colonel Henry Stuart Bivar.
He said that after a thorough review by the department, the tender to the company has been awarded since 2022 by the previous government.
He lives in Meghalaya and is interested in speleology.
Police have sought the assistance of the Assam Riffle and in this collaboration, they have arrested this man with suspected drugs. police have registered a complaint against him.
Padmashree Prof. (Dr.) V.K Gupta, Chairman, Scientific Advisory Committee, CCRH, New Delhi, was the Chief Guest at the programme; Dr. RK Manchanda, Deputy Director, Senior Administrative Grade, Government of NCT, Delhi and Prof. (Dr.) Gautam Ash, Head of Department of Anatomy, National Institute of Homoeopathy, Kolkata were the guest speakers. Resource Person The Chief Guest explained about the status of Homeopathy in all parts of the world today.
They also criticized the state of peace and order in the state which has become increasingly criminal and especially in the Garo Hills.
The Government wants to make the State Sabha Academy only one of the functions of the Ministry of Arts and Culture.
“The increasing efforts of the North East Frontier Railways to build a railway line in Ri Khasi have angered many churches.
The Speaker shall direct the Members of the House who support the issue they wish to discuss and the Members of the House who support the issue to stand in their places and not to be less than the eleven supporting members.
“Because KAS is the lifeblood of this cause, we don't have any discouragement but we will take another step to move forward to strengthen our demand,” said Dr. Nonglait.
Shillong, November 30: The BJP today launched the fight against drug abuse in Meghalaya by launching a video on the fight against drug abuse.
The final match was played between Imson FC of Meghalaya and Roha FC of Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Replying to a question on the expenditure on the fight against COVID-19 by Bah Process T Sawkmie, Bah Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, George. B Lyngdoh and Kimfa S Marbaniang, the Chief Minister said that the total cost so far is T.399 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The residents of Shillong today flocked to the “Digi Dhan Mela” organized by the Government of Meghalaya at the State Central Library to explain to the residents how to pay tda through the They don't have the right to pay for the money.
Not only that, what has shocked my mind is also the statement of some vendors that there is also the collection of tax on goods from India imported into the market as well as on the goods of India. Bangladesh is the largest market in India.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Two candidates have filed their nomination papers for the Chairman election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held tomorrow. The opposition PDA has nominated Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh of the PDF as the candidate for the Chairman election in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held tomorrow at 11.00 am. District Council Hall.
In another development, the Seng Samla Shnong Manad has expressed its regret that the media could not attend the meeting despite the arrangement to inspect the construction of the PMGSY road. from Tynnai Village to Manad Village and neighboring villages, which include about 500 households.
This scheme has failed to meet the needs of the vulnerable.
The inclusion in the updated rules marks the beginning of a clear set of rules for national and international chess competitions, ensuring the same opportunities for chess players.
He also urged the Home Department and especially the DGP of the State to strengthen the Mawryngkneng Police Station due to the shortage of staff and also to strengthen the Women Police Station in the Mawryngkneng Police Station. to be able to control crime.
The agreement was signed by Bah Phrang Roy Chairman of NESFAS and PV Ramesh Chairman of REC. It is home to 130 villages in Meghalaya and Nagaland.
Police have urged the public not to spread any images without proof. Those who do so will be punished under section 505 of the IPC and will be sentenced to three years imprisonment. to me.
Such assistance is provided by the BSF from time to time in cases of difficulties and the BSF is fighting as much as possible to get closer to the people on the border to better protect them. you pud you sam.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Raju, Donbok Dkhar said that during the meeting, the Meghalaya government official said that the state will have a law. The preparation of this Act has progressed.
These vehicles were spotted in the Matcha Akawe Chidipo area of ​​the Rongrenggre Reserve Forest in East Garo Hills.
"I would like to appeal to my colleagues who are still working to work hard to reach this milestone of success for this important task that we provide to the community," she added.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary of the HNLC, appealed to all the civil society organizations to work together and put aside the differences of opinion among them to protect the nation.
On this occasion, a demonstration of traditional food products was held and farmers from all over the country were invited to a discussion held at the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU).
The Christmas season for the Christians of this month of November, how to celebrate in this time of disaster, how to lead their children to walk from the street to church in the middle of the pum pum.
In this incident, the District Magistrate has received information that some persons working with the Railway have been injured and the equipment of the Railway has been burnt down. This action of these people has caused damage to the property of the government in the area.
A 38-year-old man, Bah Shanbor Surong, son of Bah Teibor Lyngdoh Marshyllong, has gone missing on the 17th of July, 2023 while leaving his house. Nia Kha from Patarim, Mawlai Nongkwar at 2:00 pm to leave for her residence in Jaiaw Pdeng, Shillong.
The tournament was held at St. Anthony's School ground in Laitumkhrah. The children who took part according to the year in different categories, as well as from schools of different districts in the state.
He said that their strike is for the benefit of the people and at the same time the workers should get their own salary and not be paid as they please. They said that they do not fall under the Labor Law or the Minimum Wages. If they do not fall under the Labor Law, what law do they fall under?
The Director of National Institute of Technology, Meghalaya and his team discussed with CSIR-CMERI officials on the signing of a MoU to implement CSIR-CMERI technologies in the state, the assistance to Start-ups. Up, training people and working together on detailed research.
Speaking on the implementation of Central Government programs in the state, she said that there has been too much environmental education in schools and educational institutions but there is no connection with the truth.
To expedite the trial, the government has set up Fast Track Courts in Shillong, Tura and Jowai and a special court has been set up in Nongstoin to hear cases of rape.
The remaining blocks to be opened are Bajengdoba and Mawlai Block. For Mawlai Block, the government has not yet decided on the location. The new government has allocated blocks for the benefit of the people, because in the blocks all the government schemes are available.
The Dorbar Shnong of Umlyngkdait Village has demanded that the PHE authorities should take action to inspect the water pipes which have been destroyed by the company. to repair immediately so that the people can get adequate drinking water and also so that they will not have to face such a problem due to the shortage of drinking water.
The police of the two districts jointly searched the area at 1.30 pm.
She said this is an example for other educational institutions in the country to take such steps.
The idea of ​​an independent India to me is to create an ecosystem that reduces government involvement in the lives of its people.
“In the middle of the night, those who drove scooties at night fell, fell and were injured and many scooties were damaged.
This agreement is also a great achievement for India and the Western Region of the world who have made great efforts to promote it.
In a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bertha, along with others who were present, expressed their concern that the footpaths in Shillong have been destroyed. They are filled with market vendors and this problem affects not only them but also the people who are rich from village to village.
Others who were present on the occasion were Y.Tsering Chief Secretary, Col.
When we travel abroad and when we are late to go back to our accommodation we just call Uber or Ola we got it.
In a reply received by the union, it was said that the Shillong Municipal Board has already registered all the land dealers in different parts of Shillong and the SMB has given permission to them from on 3/31/2017.
Dr. Ampareen said that all the political parties have approved the Roster System except the VPP which was not present at the meeting.
However, other sources said that the government announcement may come out tomorrow.
Congress candidate Vincent H Pala received 209,288 votes, Prechard PB Basaiawmoit IND received 168,940 votes, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh received 106,806 votes and Shibun Lyngdoh received 106,806 votes. The BJP got 95,904 votes, AAP got 8,812 votes, CPI got 7,418 votes, Ivoryna Shylla IND got 7,418 votes and Denish Siangshai IND got 5,092 votes.
The Government's refusal to increase the salaries of SSA teachers even in the midst of the increase in the price of food items, rent, petrol,.
In 1984, the Ministry of Education of Meghalaya was separated from the Ministry of Education to establish its own Arts and Culture Department. literature, performing arts and visual arts which will become the foundation for the Sahitya Akademi in India.
This large public meeting was held at Mynsang village in Mawkynrew Block near the Umngot River.
Leaders of 10 political parties in their meeting on Saturday, decided to hold a Night Road Blockade on the 1st and 4th of March. The night will start at 8 pm and end at 5 pm.
The Seng demands that the Government should create the mechanisms to implement the demands of the ASHAs to get adequate pay according to their work, to include them in the MHIS in order to free medical treatment and their other demands.
Dr. Jane Eufemia Warjri, a student who has completed her Doctorate of Philosophy from the Department of Geography, NEHU, gave a speech. ,Students and parents how to choose their lines to read and not to be forced by anyone as this will put pressure on the students.
The minister said.
He was addressing a group of 13 journalists from Maharashtra who met him at the NEC office. Bureau under the scheme funded by the Central Government known as Development Communication and Information Dissemination.
The KSU also expresses its condolences to the family members of the deceased and offers to work together to bring peace and stability in the area.
I feel that the best thing for us is to elect those who have expressed their desire and who have expressed their will and (the party itself will) elect those who are the most successful.
He also encouraged the party to continue to work hard from time to time. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong and the Chief of Police of the 1MLP Battalion were also present.
During this period, the renovation of human resources was also implemented.
Police have registered a case against them at Siju Police Station.
“This is the full count of voters,” said Dr Tiwari.
In another incident, BSF arrested two Bangladeshis from South West Khasi Hills while they were trying to enter India with the intention of smuggling goods.
The appointment of the investigation team is in accordance with his promise in the House yesterday.
Tura, Jymmang 10: Suspected GNLA militants today opened fire on the vehicle of the Project Director of DRDA at Banghmara in South Garo Hills. like Rongdotchi.
Arphul K Bani, president of the party, said that the party is clear on the issue that they will accept development projects but oppose uranium mining.
At the same time, the union has given time to the government authorities to immediately relocate the wild elephants to other places but otherwise the union will not take responsibility if anything happens.
Shillong, July 28: The Mawphlang-Balat road has collapsed during the rainy season.
Shillong, Lber 01: The counting of votes for the MDC elections to the two District Councils of JHADC and KHADC will be held tomorrow morning. Two District Councils will be formed by the parties in the MDA government. Discussions within the political parties especially the UDP and NPP are ongoing and it remains to be decided who will lead the EC. Those close to these two parties said that the victory of the majority of MDCs will be known tomorrow after the counting of votes.
The Chief Minister urged the people to support the people at this time of crisis and urged them to unite and cooperate with the government by following all the rules and regulations. instructions issued by the Government from time to time.
There are also young and old men and women working in Bengaluru.
At present, Dr. Habamut Lyngdoh also opens his clinic after working in the OPD and not during the hours when he has to serve the patients.
Speaking to SP News Agency from Nongstoin, he said that they have decided to continue their strike until they receive their demand that the government should extend the strike. The time of the results of the DSC West Khasi Hills released in
He said that the Municipal has set up three puh shilum to collect the garbage to find Bah Marshall.
Lajong have now become unbeaten in eight of their last three games.
In Kerala,10
The funds allocated in the budget to pay the salaries of the employees of MCCL in the form of a crane were not enough.
The Congress MLAs who have been expelled from the party in this dorbar synrai will not fall into any shabuk because they don't have a party. the MDA government group which they went to give their support.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said he has spoken to the government in Delhi and the embassy to ensure that the body of the Bishop arrives soon. to Shillong.
“If the government does not listen to the demands, the protest will always be in mind,” said the President of KJDSTA. Mawsynram MLA Bah Himalaya Shangpliang has convened a special meeting today to disseminate information to the people regarding various schemes for the benefit of the people.
The NFR has decided to operate a train No.02550 from Darjeeling to Ghum and from Ghum back to Darjeeling. The train will be operated by a diesel engine.
Regarding the Border Out Posts, the Chief Minister said that the government has already given its approval and now the funds have been allocated. The police outpost is located in Barato and the border outpost is located in Mukroh.
The Commissioner of Food Safety has directed the meat shops to paint, to clean the meat and to wear clean clothes in the past few days.
typically the race, with 750.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: Ka KSU Narpuh Circle on 22nd November together with journalists visited the Lukha River to investigate the reasons for the change in color of the Lukha River which has started to change color in the past few days. The inspection found that the blue color of the river has turned blue and the problems faced by the people living near the river. This is not the first time that this has happened every year since KSU Narpuh Circle President Siros Lamare said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Guwahati, Naitung 10: Hundreds of Buddhists today marched in Guwahati to protest against the bomb blast at their temple in Bodh Gaya in Bihar.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sibhi Chakravarty Sadhu, IAS, in charge of Elections, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban individuals and groups from carrying excessive amounts of money. to T.50,000/- each.
All have been directed to strictly observe the rules announced by the government and the health department of the state government to keep a distance from each other.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the five-day exhibition was on the unemployment in connection with the 1942 liberation struggle.
The tournament was held 10 months before the 5th Meghalaya Games, which will be held in Tura, and the karate players took the opportunity to showcase their skills through this.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Twitter said that these religious leaders have been tortured by unidentified criminals in Bihar.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Bah Ebanroy Mynsong and 42 others from Mawiapbang village in East Khasi Hills District have lodged a complaint against the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiapbang village. .
The ADB's funding is to assist the state in improving the schools supported by the state government for the improvement of education in Meghalaya.
The State Level National Integration Camp (NIC) was inaugurated by Col.
The election in Sohiong will be held on the 10th of June and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of June.
At the meeting, Bhupender Yadav also congratulated the Prime Minister for the release of T.2.0 lakh accident insurance to all non-government employees on the eSHRAM portal. If non-government employees have registered themselves on the eSHRAM portal and if they die or survive an accident, they will receive T.2.0 lakh and T.1.0 lakh and the government is working hard to ensure their welfare. miat of such workers.
The union also informed about the lack of a permanent office space for the District School Education Officer who has been working from the SDSEO office and at the same time the union also expressed the need to rebuild the office. SDSEO who is now 48 years old.
The NPP has announced that the offices of the NPP should be closed immediately from Khasi and Jaintia Hills from today and will be announced within a day, according to a statement sent by Bah Saińkupar Nongtraw. Shillong, March 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 87 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. , West Khasi Hills 8 cases, 892 cases, 115 recoveries, East Khasi Hills 63 cases, West Khasi Hills 32 cases, bringing the total number of recoveries to 80411 so far.
Vehicles are allowed to park only on the side of the road.
On this occasion, the village welcomed the Governor in a warm manner.
Speaking to reporters, the Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the people should not misunderstand this scheme.
They enter Assam only to get permits to smuggle into our state.
These living characters, which have been used in writing and reading in the Khasi language to this day, are the works of Thomas Jones.
There are 204 recoveries today.
Because it relies heavily on tourism income, farmers in Meghalaya have suffered from the decline in demand for their agricultural products due to the suspension of tourism activities due to the curfew.
On the other hand, the village officials said that the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has expressed its dissatisfaction with the payment of this road which passes through Umkiang village and this deterioration has put the residents in trouble. you walk you stand.
The HNLC said that according to the Judicial Report 2022 of Justice (Retired), Bah Tarzan Lymba was arrested on suspicion of involvement in the IED bomb. ) T.Vaiphei, Police have admitted and alleged that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, who identified himself as Sanbor Pala, was involved in extorting money and detonating an IED bomb. The Police Intelligence Department and the plot to deceive the public, civil society and relatives of Bah Thangkhiew that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew is Sanbor Pala and who committed crimes in the name of Sanbor Shovel.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the issues raised inside the toll booths. gate of the highway.
Rishab said he talks to these people regularly after the release of his film.
Rangdajied were left to rue their missed chances as they were consigned to the runners-up spot for a second consecutive season as they had also finished behind Mawlai in 2022.
According to the Returning Officer of Shillong Seat, the Congress party has also sent the nomination papers of Bah Manuel Badwar as a stand-by candidate.
It is the duty and responsibility of the Government of India and the State to provide and provide these rights to the citizens.
This group is not to fight against terrorism but to teach specifically how to stop protests.
Other decisions taken by the Cabinet today include the recruitment rule for the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guard. within this government department and now this government department has been allowed to advertise publicly up to more than 300 vacancies within this government department.
Answering questions, Dr Laloo said it is true that people in the past had the desire to go for self-check but now people have come forward to find out whether they have to this disease.
The body of Shujumuddin Skeik was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem before being handed over to his relatives.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong, welcomed by the Rangbah Shnong, Jop Rymbai and welcome speech by Suk Shullai.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, said that the cause of the fire is still unknown. dewbilat factories within this District.
Most of the areas in the South West Khasi Hills District except for those areas that are only a few kilometers from Bangladesh are still peaceful and do not require military forces as at present.
Police will now use these machines and if found, they will be fined 2000 to 3000 tyngka and imprisoned for 6 months to 2 years.
The NGT has directed the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to enforce the order to ensure that no one violates the order.
Shillong, July 11: U Bah Boby Basaiawmoit General Secretary of HANM today announced that the party has dissolved the Women Wing of the party from today because it has not worked according to the party's objectives.
As indigenous people, the first part is to preserve our culture and these characteristics distinguish us from other ethnic groups and he said that he is proud of his culture.
Vehicles using light saws will be allowed only in emergency vehicles, ambulances and fire trucks.
Even in the midst of these many challenges faced by Garo Hills, the government is struggling as much as possible to deliver development projects to the people because through development projects, peace will also come. “The insurgency in Garo Hills has affected not only the area but the state as a whole,” he said.
At this meeting, the Governor said that there is a need to encourage tourism to the rural areas and this will help in improving the income of the community and the region.
The arrested persons were 57.39 liters of liquor, 52.65 liters of beer and 11.56 liters of parsi liquor.
Others who attended the ceremony were Bah SA Allya from Laitkroh Block, Bah Khrawbok Dkhar Rangbah Shnong Mawmihthied.
The Government will take action to improve education in the state.
The implementation of Aadhaar will help foreigners to confirm their citizenship of Meghalaya. The places closed today are Pine Mount, St Edmund, Oakland. and at the State Central Liberary.
Bah Marwein said that after eating the tit, they started to swell, prie and kieng their heads and so they were taken to Pariong PHC for treatment but They were later shifted to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Sangshong, Mairang for further treatment.
The union is surprised why the NGT does not interfere in the issue of uranium when the government of India through the government of Meghalaya is trying to mine uranium from Domiasiat in West Khasi Hills. it is greater than the coals.
Sohra, March 24: Grace Mary Kharpuri, an independent candidate for the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella Constituency, on Tuesday said that she accepts the decision of the people, but she did not think that it will be so long.
The officers who were present on the occasion explained their respective schemes and the training programs they can provide to these groups.
Many of the incidents have already been reported to the police but there has been no action by the government to protect the doctors.
Shillong, June 09: The Governor of Meghalaya today approved the appointment of nine Executive Members to the Executive Committee of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
He congratulated the Jan Aushadhi Kendras which have helped those who are still low income to raise up to T 20,000 crore.
He said that the election of this candidate to become an MLA depends on our own decision according to the basis on which we have to elect.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sunesh said that 80 out of 100 players have been part of the team that reached the final of the tournament last year. to some of the young players on this team.
Answering questions, the DGP said that a case has been registered at Mawlai Police Station and a pistol has been seized from the residence of the suspect. Regarding the children, he said that it is not the arrest of them but the arrest of them to verify whether they are involved or not.
Shillong, June 06: The Cabinet today decided to amend Section 29 of the Meghalaya Police Act to increase the number of policemen in the Meghalaya Police Act. women police officers in Meghalaya.
These are the problems that people have raised.
Jowai, July 09: The KSU Laskein Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's failure to set up a BLOODBANK in Jowai (WJHD).
The meeting lasted for about three hours and the following were the issues discussed:-The officers of GHADC requested the State Planning Board to urge the State Government to revise the allocation of Revenue Sharing between the State Government, the three ADCs, and the Hima/Elaka as at present there is too little allocation of funds for the GHADC. 75 shares and GHADC demands 50:50 shares in the distribution of musur.
In this regard, the Organizing Secretary of the EKHLTWA, Bah Edison Suting, in an interview with the media a few hours after the DC issued the order, said, “ This action of the Government to us who earn in Shillong is like we are slaves because according to the issuance of the law it is immediate without any notice and without any invitation to cooperate with us drivers. East Khasi Hills and it is something we don't like because you say to ban us drivers you should first ban government employees who drive one vehicle per person.
The Prime Minister met with the patients who came to the government hospital and asked many questions from the patients, and the main question was about the MHIS Card. The government has done something special for the people.
If Das from Assam has been allowed to apologize twice, what about Bhullar?
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday sent for testing at the Pastuer Institute, Shillong for testing of water samples taken from various villages and government water supply systems. These were distributed by the Public Health Engineering Department (PHE) and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
However, Kynja grows freely and freely along the roads, so if anyone wants to take advantage of it, they can do so easily.
According to police, the incident happened in the morning when these unidentified persons went to the area to demand money from the coal workers. these coal workers came out and bombed them to death.
Jowai, June 20: Four political parties including the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC have called for a 24 hour curfew in on the 16th of this month to urge the NHAI and the Government of Meghalaya to repair all the damaged parts of the NH 44, from Soomer to Malidor. All the people of East Jaintia Hills District and other states of the North Eastern Region of India for their full support and cooperation in the curfew. be successful and also run smoothly without any unfortunate incidents.
“People can now trust JETS 24×7 because we have the license and permit to operate the service,” said Samla Uriah.
The letter was sent to the offices of the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District on 21st November 2020 and states that this letter is not about the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. District Khasi Social custom of Linage Act 1997.
Speaking at the inauguration of the police outpost, the Chief Minister said that the welfare of the people is at the forefront of the government. very slow.
The ceremony was concluded after discussions between the group headed by Subhash Ghhai and the Election Commission headed by Rajiv Kumar, Chief Election Commissioner in the presence of Anup Chandra Pandey, EC and Arun Goel, EC. Speaking on the song, the Chief Election Commissioner said, “This song is dedicated to the voters who accept their duty for the country by voting despite the difficulties.
Shillong, November 16: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKDA) has sent 53 youths from Meghalaya to the 6NESKFI North East Karate Championship 2018 held at the Assam Riffle Training. Center in Dimapur, Nagaland.
In his speech, Bah HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills who was the chief guest on the occasion expressed his gratitude to the pioneers especially to those leaders 50 years ago who saw far away the peace and stability in the country. the village is created.
There are 1222 cases in the state so far, 847 from East Khasi Hills, 68 from Ri Bhoi, 43 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills, 39 from West Garo Hills and 187 from South Garo. Hills 11, North Garo Hills 10 and South West Garo Hill District
The annual celebration includes health camps, blood donation, drug related programmes, cancer screening, ROKO, AIDS and others. others.
NEW supports the woman and her family who have taken this decision to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities. this state, a state that is proud to say that women are safe in this state.
There was also a tour of the hills and rivers of the Sohra area which attracted all the visitors from Santiniketan.
During the meeting, it was agreed that both the countries will continue to strengthen the physical training between the armies of the two countries. furthermore in relations between these countries.
If the dewbilat companies fail to increase the price, the union will appeal to the court.
The Cabinet has decided to bring back the resolution of the House on the desire to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. to resolve the shortcomings that they brought up earlier on 27th November
They demand that the government should recognize them as government employees in the villages and townships. Grade III and Grade IV due to excessive work.
Its duty is to ensure the cleanliness of the area where the troops live, and this work has been going on since the time of the British and has continued to this day in the troop areas from the same place. you have an office in Rihno.
The EC will continue to investigate the illegal trading activities of foreigners and will take strict action which may include closing down the shops of those who do not have Trading License from the Council.
In this meeting, the JSU said that this place has turned into a house of destruction and many kinds of evils have happened from this place. The Minister has spoken to the incharge of District Library Jowai and He ordered them to do whatever was necessary and said that he would come and see for himself this place which has turned into a house.
Referring to the demand of the ANVC, he said it is up to the Meghalaya government to say anything, it is not his job to say.
Speaking on the most important sectors such as agriculture, self-employment and MSMEs, Myntri Rangbah Duh said it is essential to train the youth for a better future.
Dikkanchi D.Shira55           Salmanpara – ST                Winnerson D.Sangma56           Gambegre – ST    Besterfield N.Sangma57           5    Dalu     S ang eth ma     Rangara Siju – ST            Francis Pondit R.Sangma59          Chokpot – ST       Smt.
Shillong, April 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state will receive 4000 Rapid Test Kids from the Central Government.
Now that the barriers have been removed, technology has been introduced, benefits have been delivered to those who deserve them, self-employment has been encouraged, women have been empowered, fisheries in India have freed from old shackles.
He said that after this inspection, the Regional Committee will send its report to the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Paul said that the KHADC has done this under the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribals Act 1954 and Rule
Shah said the struggle we have to fight cannot be successful without the cooperation of the people in the panchayats in the districts and taluka panchayats.
The union expresses its regret that the former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, when he learned that he will no longer be a minister in the government, sent for them. When he was in office, he did not send even the officers to speak.
The meeting was chaired by Bah Tuesday Bang who was also elected as the President of the Thadlaskein Unit. six other office bearers.
The eligibility of the States to receive this grant and the quantum of grant for the period from 2020-21 to 2025-26 has been decided by the Fifteenth Finance Commission based on the difference between the amount of revenue. revenue and expenditure of the State after the devolution during this period.
The responsibilities and duties of the President, Secretary, Syiem, Minister, Lyngdoh, Sirdar, Basan, Kur in the Khadar Administration and Bishar of the Hima should be clear, and the Constitution of the Seng should be amended. Kur, in which there should be a clear explanation of the Role-Function-Duties of the President, Secretary, Minister, Lyngdoh, Basan, of the Kur.
In Shillong, the groups that laid flowers at the statue of Kiangnangbah opposite the Civil Hospital Shillong were the Sein Jaintia, Wahthapbroo Village and the Khasi Students' Union.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The North East International Fashion Week (NEIFW) will hold a fashion show in Guwahati where models from all over India, Sri Lanka and local people will be selected. participate in the November 2022 dress competition.
He said that the new EC must have a good relationship with the government because the District Council cannot work without a good relationship with the government in many areas because all the work has to be done. go through the government.
Comparing the red card in a football match to a person who fights against the spirit of sports, the Prime Minister said the government has shown a red card to all the problems that come in the way of development. you are in the north.
Shillong, July 23: A child who was found wearing a pink jacket and a mobile phone from Polo on the 20th of this month has been taken to Pasture. Beat House is now housed in the Children’s Residence Hall.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The four kurs and one kur of the Hima Mylliem today celebrated the pom blang ritual at Iewduh. por cell home.
However, it is a pleasure for the party because the winner of this election is from the party with which the NPP is working together to form the MDA 2.0 government.
Before the meeting, a cultural performance was held by the villagers along with a drama by the members of the Village Organization of SHGs. Prof. Rakesh Sinha under the Sansad Adarsh ​​Gram Scheme (SAGY-II).
Mawryngkneng, November 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a petition to the MUA II Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma and three MLAs. Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem Constituency.
He said the government will meet with all the leaders of NGOs, religious organizations and village headmen to eradicate drug abuse in the state which has turned into social instability through theft. the lie, the thanksgiving, and the lute.
There are Sutnga Saipung constituencies in Bah Defender Pakem.
TABLE39NONGALONY, MeCL COLONY, NONGALONY382013-02-0158INDEPENDENT1.
The DCPU office informs that if anyone knows or has family members, please contact the District Child Protection Unit, Lachumier, the Child Welfare Committee, Lachumiere and Lawei Baphyrnai, Specialized Adoption Agency Nongthymmai.
It was reported in Parliament that in the past few months, the RVTI management has met with him as the MP of the area where the training center is located and has informed him of many issues. which they met.
Answering a question why the government has not implemented this, the Prime Minister said that even if it is implemented, it is in trouble and if it is not implemented, it is in trouble. At the same time, those who work abroad and those who have received pensions from government jobs need Aadhaar because it is related to financial matters.
Shillong, March 20: U Bah Embhahlang Shadap, who owns a parking lot, said that he was shocked when he arrived at the parking lot at Motphran. Police Bazar has been closed for less than a year because the police have imposed a “No Parking” ban on the area.
Also present on the occasion were Mawryngkneng MLA David Nongrum, Arts and Culture Director MW Nongbri and East Khasi Hills DC PS Dkhar.
He explained more about other schemes of the Government which have helped the farmers.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Archbishop of the Shillong Diocese, Rev Dominic Jala, on Tuesday said that the Catholic faithful have rejoiced to receive a new Holy Father after the resurrection. Pope Benedict XVI will pass away on 28th June this year.
At the same time, it was understood that they are not allowed to meet any relief group without the permission of the Block Development Officer to receive assistance in terms of food items if necessary. inform the BDO, the Gransevak.
Mawkyrwat, July 27: Two persons who claimed to be members of the GNLA were killed by the people on the 24th of this month at a coal mine in Tyra, which falls under the of Ranikor Police Station.
The KSU congratulates these youths who will take the lead in these games despite many difficulties in terms of expenses in terms of training in terms of travel expenses and so on. etc.
There are 335 cases in the country so far, 32 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 8 cases from West Garo Hills and 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills. , 21 people have recovered from the disease today.
After a thorough discussion, the Union of Chief Executive Members, Mawkynrew, has decided to urge the KHADC authorities to amend the Act in which it should be clearly written that the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar Shnong shall be the Chairman of the Village Dev Council, not to create two powers within one Village.
September.2018 at Iewrynghep Square at 11 pm to express their support for the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing condemns this article which is a threat to all, and the media outside the state and without detailed information should not write falsely without proper knowledge.
The Seng is deeply concerned about the attempts to introduce foreigners to destroy the livelihood of the Khasi villagers.
The chief guest encouraged the youth to work hard in playing football and how they should have good manners in these days.
The purpose of this protest is to seek the support of all the people of Garo Hills to bring about development in many areas. access to literature and relationship with nature.
About 30 participants from different parts of Khasi-Jaintia Hills came to take part in the competition.
DGP of Police RP Agarwal was also present on the occasion.
However, if the leaders are weak, selfish, spineless, then the organization or group is a shame and a reproach to the world. public not good) solonsar.
During these 10 days, there have been no incidents or riots and the only thing that concerns the union is the lack of proper participation of the drivers to stop driving on time. afternoon
In the Match Pass, Yellow House won the men's title and Green House won the women's title.
Shillong, November 07: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has allocated Rs 2 crore for the construction of new classrooms.
Shillong, March 10: The Vice Chairman of the Niti Aayog of the Union Government, Suman Kumar Bery today arrived in Shillong to attend a meeting to discuss the increase in income in the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
Police said that one of the hands of the woman was found broken. Police suspect that the mother was tortured from time to time at home. The mother had a son who was only seven months old.
The Government's request to hold a special session is to correct the decision taken by the Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. In India.
On the other hand, the DIG of BSF said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh can be curbed through the cooperation between the BSF, police and other security forces to work together and conduct the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. special operation against this illegal cattle trade.
On this day, the CRPF celebrated Holi in the camp where they stayed without mixing with others, despite the rules and regulations, the celebration of Holi went on. beat today.
The PWD in the past years has built a bridge on the Shella River but it collapsed while the bridges were being erected due to the strong flow of water due to heavy rainfall.
Speaking to SP News Agency at the Secretariat after the meeting with the Chief Secretary of the Central Government and the Chief Secretary of the State Government, Bah Riki Sohlang, President of HANC, said that during the meeting, On the other hand, VR Rajwat, said that the NOC for the construction of roads in West Khasi Hills should be issued within six months. All the road construction schemes have cost about T.4000 crore for Meghalaya.
According to information received by the SP News Agency, the search for a place is ongoing and if found, they will move to Pyrdiwah.
If the population can be reduced, it will help in the economy and livelihood.
As yesterday, Thapa managed to win again through the consensus of all the judges.
Referring to the BJP and UDP, Bah Shangpliang said, “Know that there are BJP and UDP which have nominated their candidates, but both of them are the same and why do I say that because it is exactly like That's why the UDP, BJP and NPP are the same. If you remove this one party, one party will not be able to stand. “They are like this coin because they have to work together to reach the same goal of bringing victory,” he said.
NESO also demanded that the NRC should be implemented in all the North Eastern States of India to curb the influx of foreign authorities as the North Eastern States are different from other states in India. .
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) has decided to suspend the ban from the 16th of this month. the month shall begin with the coming of the Messiah.
“Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar thereafter listed down some of the guiding principles for the proposed legislation, which include managing the complexities of internet and rapid expansion of the types of intermediaries addressing the risks of emerging technologies, protecting citizen rights, managing and setting guardrails for the varied intermediaries on the internet.
He said the government urges the people to cooperate with the government. He said the Assam government has temporarily suspended the OC and the head of the forest department and transferred the SP of Karbi. Angle.
Nongpoh, June 03: Former MDC Umroi Constituency, Bah Field Marshal Mawphniang, on Tuesday said that he has resigned from his relationship with the United Democratic Party (UDP). He has been appointed as the Joint Secretary of the party and will submit his resignation letter tomorrow, June 4, 2014, to the district president.
There are 45 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 22 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 4 from Ri Bhoi. West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 4.
On the other hand, HANM was led by Bah W.Sohtun Joint Secretary of the HANM in the presence of the members of the HANM. which is unique to Christians in the world.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit today held a public meeting with the residents of Shella Village and surrounding villages. The electricity shortage in the past few days has also been reported.
“What distinguishes the BJP from other parties is that it stands firm on the basis of fighting corruption, discrimination and promoting one family in dynastic politics.
We are proud to work with her in this initiative to promote women entrepreneurship and hope that in the future this opportunity for women to entrepreneurship will increase in this field. India, which has a large country, is still growing in this field.
To prevent this from being exploited by criminals, the residents of the village have been directed to lodge a complaint against cybercrime and the residents have been directed to lodge a complaint with the Information Department of the Department of to  Telecommunication' Communication Companion platform.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The total number of recoveries from COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills has risen to 918, with the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills In West Garo Hills, 88 cases have been reported, bringing the total number of recoveries to 66,2
In Shillong, the Union Minister of State for MSMEs, Bhanu Pratap Verma will conduct the meeting at Rai Auditorium, HQ DGAR, Laitkor.
However, in the past two months, the new MDCs have been seen stealing money. This is unacceptable and this is an insult to the expectations of the people from the KHADC, he said. The HYC leadership demands that the KHADC should introduce laws to protect the identity, customs and traditions, land, Dorbar Trai Ri and to follow up on the previous bills. especially the Khasi Lineage Bill and other laws.
For the year 2015-2016, 52 persons have completed this training. All these persons have been recruited from all over the state from various government departments and This training center is the only one in the North East of India.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Nongkhlaw, while welcoming the donations received by the KSU, NKHD, he expressed his gratitude to the KSU, NKHD. The KSU has been able to provide the most necessary relief items such as tin soping and food items. The KSU will continue to proclaim the readiness of the KSU to reach out to the KSU. this village.
For the fiscal year 2012-2013, Meghalaya has been allocated T.1238.19 crore, while the state has received T.1192.45 crore and the deficit has increased to T.45.74 crore from the fiscal year 2013-2 In 2014, the state was allocated Rs 1419.65 crore while the revenue was Rs 1302.0 crore and the deficit in revenue was Rs 117.69 crore.
The MLA should not lose his MLA status after being punished by the law.
Regarding the departure of SS Infrazone Private Limited, which is constructing the 4-lane road from Anjalee Petrol Pump to Sawdew Pomlum, he said that the NHIDCL has received the detailed information. When asked about the reasons, the Prime Minister said that NHIDCL knows well because it falls under the NHIDCL. look at you.
From the shooting death of four Khasi in Langpih, the shooting death of Bah Tyngshaiñ Mukhim in Block II, the shooting death of five Khasi in Mukroh and the recent shooting in Khanduli and Lapangap.
As directed, the Chairman requested to bring the bill in the House by name and the bill was rejected by the House. He said he had no problem with the rejection of the bill but he has a problem and his rights as a member of the House have been affected.
The Director said that another person identified as Bah Bron Narlong, 36 years old from Umklai village of Ri Bhoi District, has died of COVID-19 today. The death toll from the disease has risen to 152 in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 17: St. Edmund's College has organized a drama competition by the students of the English Department of the College.
On the other hand, Patel said that the people of Meghalaya are clear-minded and he is confident that they will not vote for a party that creates differences in religion, dress and grooming. Although the name of the party was not mentioned clearly, it is understood that it is the BJP party. He said that the NCP will not work with the BJP but to form a government after the election. The NCP is confident that it will come to power.
The President's Medal for Distinguished Service will be awarded to nine persons and the President's Medal for Meritorious Service will be awarded to 45 persons.
The arrested persons have confessed that the planner of these bike thefts is said to be from Nongkrem village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. Most of the bikes were stolen from Shillong.
““The intention of the MPs of the Opposition to insult the Prime Minister has caused the members to speak too much on this occasion.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Government will strongly support the farmers of the state in the production of agricultural products and also to address the problems faced by the farmers in relation to the cultivation of rice. light.
He said that the council cannot revoke the treading license if the youth dare to come forward.
Where the people from the state and abroad can visit this great man who sacrificed his life to fight against the British.
Guwahati, Naiwieng 14: A drawing competition on 'Electricity Use' was held in Guwahati today by the Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. Central Government ElectricityThe purpose of this competition is to raise awareness among the school children about the need to save electricity.
May God bless you and your family to serve the country and the nation better.
There will be various programs prepared by groups and individuals across the country and abroad in connection with PranPratishtha in Ayodhya.
In his speech, the President stressed that the BJP believes that in democracy the citizens should come forward to express their feelings and especially their aspirations and the BJP as a political party accepts. and it is only the BJP in the country that walks hand in hand with the people in formulating its policies.
The people of the state now wonder why the PWD has left this place to clean up where the water has become like a fish pond.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Bah C Thangkhiew General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the HNLC has completed 40 years of its existence.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Lok Sabha MP from Tura, Conrad K. Sangma, who is also a member of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the new currency exchange rate of T.500 and T. The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has announced that the country's economy will have a temporary impact.
In this operation to rescue the people who were trapped in this road accident, the troops took 128 people from the dangerous place to a safe place. defense personnel and 40 civilians.
The students have gained a lot of understanding of their own culture and it is necessary to preserve them.
At the meeting, they had a good discussion on this issue and there were suggestions from the members in many ways and later they will take as a party these two members. They decided to lodge a complaint against the CEM of KHADC with the Minister in charge of DCA and as MDCs of the party they will speak on these nine issues in the House.
In reply, the Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Spokesperson of the Hima Khasi States, said that the Dorbar has been monitoring continuously, and recently in the years 2012, 2013 and Letters and decisions of hope to the children of thousands of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, from the offices of the Government of India such as the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, the National Commission for Human Rights, which are the authorities. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (MTA) have been directed to implement these agreements and promises.
Minister Duh said the people most affected by climate change are the most backward and underprivileged.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Durga Puja celebrations this year will start on the 26th of this month and end on the 1st of April.
The committee should complete its work within two months.
The ANVC(B) said that Gideon's surrender of Jangsan to the police will be a blessing to the people of Garo Hills.
He said the party has held many meetings in this regard to consider the recommendation to the Committee and that it does not affect anyone.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Faster Kharpuri General Secretary of the HNYF Shillong Region said that in the past few days, the HNYF has tried to seize vehicles suspected to be carrying cows. I'm going to Bangladesh.
Shillong, March 12: The North Eastern Council today explained to the public and urged the youth to look carefully at the job advertisements as appeared in some media and social media.
The Seng urges the C&RD Block Office, the Inspector of Supply, the Project Director of DRDA and the district authorities to take action and punish according to the law those who try to deprive them of the benefits. government only for whatever reasons are not right in the villages.
“These companies initially bought land in the name of their local directors who are indigenous people and later changed their names to companies. ? These companies are not for the purpose of bringing about economic development or upliftment of our small paid people but to steal their wealth and destroy their forests and farmland. people", said P.Majaw.
The Prime Minister will deliver a speech on 19th October, 2020 at 8 pm on the issues related to COVID-19 and efforts to combat it.
Another issue discussed on the occasion was the reports received by the government that there are groups going around the country to check the Labor Licenses. These activities should be stopped completely and if any, they should be done by the people of the District Councils.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Regarding the death of a child who was born at Ganesh Das Hospital in Mawtawar, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today called a meeting with the village leaders, doctors of the hospital. MDC Mawlai was also present.
After the body arrived on Friday morning, the relatives and friends paid their last respects at Dakhingoan, Kahilipara, Guwahati. The body was taken to the crematorium at Kamakya, Assam.
This will be explained to the parties that are not in the government.
During the meeting with the Director of Commerce & Industries Center of the State Government, Bah W. Langstang, he agreed to take action to improve the Center in Mawsynram and to appoint fully qualified instructors.
Holando Lamin EM JHADC, MDC War Central Constituency was the Chief Guest and Nehemaya Tyngkan was the Symbud Chief Guest.
The Minister of State for Women and Child Development, Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai Kalubhai spoke about the three schemes of the Ministry of Women and Child Development Mission namely POSHAN, Mission Shakti and Mission Vatsalya.
The BSF has deployed a special team to curb smuggling activities on the border with Bangladesh.
New Delhi, July 5: The North Eastern Handicrafts and Handlooms Development Corporation Limited (NEHHDC) through its CPSE will hold the “Uttar Purvi Mahotsav 2024”. The five-day program will be held at the Bharat Mandapam at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi from 13th to 17th July,
Ryngksai said they are pleased that the Principal Secretary has promised to take this issue to the Cabinet meeting and to consider whether the project affects the people. The government is ready to reject the proposal to dam the Umngot River.
“I have already told the Chief Minister of Assam that we should not cross the border while the border cannot be resolved. “It's not about who dong but about the border issue,” he said.
On the other hand, the NGT has directed the NGT to respond to Section 14(3) (Jurisdiction) of the NGT Act, which prohibits the use of ka,NGT to deal with complaints against various activities that have been going on for many years.
Shillong, Lber 19: A father has raped his 14-year-old daughter in BlocII, Bangladesh today. The colony is located in Pennsylvania.
On the other hand, Bah Julius K Dorphang MLA of the area has visited the area to inspect the incident as the village falls under the Mawhati Constituency. you're right.
The Bank wants to complete all its operations but this is not in their power because they have to take the Internet from BSNL, which is a department of the central government. He said that the remaining 16 banks do not have Internet access at the same time for this reason.
On this occasion, the Social Welfare Department has honored the women who have special talents in their lives.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The two decisions of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to increase the price of Trading License and to increase the issuance of License to foreigners are decisions to promote but not to protect. or to prevent the access of foreigners to steal our livelihood.
Bah Che is not only a wise and courageous leader but also a humble and especially clean leader in terms of financial matters.
At about 12 noon, the Prime Minister will hold a public meeting at Sahibabad where he will deliver a speech at the opening ceremony of the RRTS in the country.
So far, Meghalaya has needed to install up to 2000 towers to provide the network.
“Many times it has been witnessed that people, including children to the elderly, when they try to cross the zebra crossing, which is reserved for the public, but the drivers They don't allow people to cross the road, even in cases where people have reached the middle of the road, which surprises even the traffic police, whether it is because the drivers don't know the “What is the purpose of the Zebra Crossing or is it their rudeness?” said the SP (Traffic).
He said that the Hima Mylliem is a Hima which has many land on the border with Assam and he hopes that through the cooperation of HANM and the Hima we can protect the land and the right to own the land. whore.
Another film to be screened is Ka Lad, a Meghalaya film directed by Dondor Lyngdoh and Gautam Syiem.
At the same time, he recalled the statement of the former President of India Dr APJ Abdul Kalam that herbalists should also implement the latest technology.
The Seng also urges the students who have received their results and those who will receive them, to choose carefully the subjects they should study, so that it will not be easy and will be more accurate. grow in learning.
The former MDA government has proposed to upgrade 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools to Deficit System according to the Office Order Memo No. EDN/172/2 dated 18.03.2019 and as the leaders of MUPSTA, they went to remind about this demand.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, HYC Nongthliew Circle President Joplang Kharnaior said that the Umthlong Water Supply Scheme has been requested for RTI by Arbut Nongrang from Umliput. The Executive Engineer of Mairang Division, the Village Government and the Village Elders were also present.
On this occasion, the KDA leaders said that there are many schemes for them which have been allocated by the central government.
Jowai, July 27: Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the three-day training for youth; Moonlight Pariat MDC urged the youth not to lose hope but to be vigilant about employment opportunities.
After the meeting, the Hima did not say anything to the media regarding the matter, but Bah Nikson Dohling, organizing secretary of the HYC, said that the HYC has discussed the matter with the HYC. He said that the party wants to see that the Hima Mylliem should protect the work.
Mairang, Naitung 10: As part of the celebration of National Fish Farmers Day, the Ministry of Fisheries, Union Government today conducted a virtual program for the states. The Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala, inaugurated various projects related to fisheries.
