Any land under the Raid shall be under the jurisdiction of the Hima.
Regarding these natural disasters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of different districts to provide assistance to the affected households and this assistance has started.
The main parts of Freedom Run 2.0 are the swearing-in ceremony and the singing of the National Anthem.
However, later they informed that the doctor was not at the CHC and was still in need.
Even after the enactment of Hima Acts and Rules, the 1959 Act remains the new Principal Act of the country.
These two organizations have distributed relief goods to poor households in many places and villages across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
So far, benefits worth more than T 2.61 lakh crore are being provided to over 11 crore farmers across the country.
On the part of the BSF, UK Nayal PRO, while talking to SP News Agency, said that a flag meeting was held between the BGB and BSF at Baghmara at 2 pm today. The BGB has handed over Bah Marwein to the BSF in Baghmara.
Laban Constituency has only 13-14 thousand voters.
Ranikor constituency has 65 polling stations and 29,685 voters.
Shillong, July 16: U Dr. Batskhem Myrboh today lodged a complaint against a Facebook post titled VPP Dent VPP Dent. .
The total number of cases is 733, 423 in East Khasi Hills, 100 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in West Khasi Hills, 1 in South West Khasi Hills, 4 in West Jaintia Hills and 5 in East Jaintia Hills. West Garo Hills District 184, South Garo Hills District 2, North Garo Hills District 8 and South West Garo Hill District
In the HNLC's 2004 journal, Purno A Sangma had invited the HNLC leaders to meet him in Kolkata to discuss peace talks with the Government of India. In the same year, the Ministry of Intelligence of the Government of India sent a message to the Seng to come for talks and in 2005, Pastor Basiawmoit was appointed as the ksiang. .
The second training for polling officers in East Khasi Hills District has started today and this will also be for those assistants in the conduct of the election. .
Dkhar said that Kong Warjri has promised to inspect the area after the end of the budget session and has promised to look into the demands of the party.
“I cannot just watch and listen to the incident on the 20th of this month at Saw Aiom Restaurant where the residents of Them Iewmawlong tried to cause trouble which may have caused trouble as it happened. “It happened in 2018,” said Bah Nongrum in a statement sent to the media via video.
“This demand has been going on for a long time and as retired deficit teachers, we don't have anything else to fill our families and that's why we have come to meet the Prime Minister to look into this demand,” said Bah ED NongsiangHaba. The president of MRDSTA said that although the Chief Minister has not given any promise but he has informed them that he will soon hold a meeting with the officers of the education department to look into the issue.
The office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima requests the people who come to the market to please give Tikan for the safety of themselves and their families. to the household, they were urged to give tika.
At this meeting, leaders from other states of the North East of India also spoke to express their concerns and as the party met at their respective workplaces. .
After knowing the characteristics of the children, they will give them training in such a way as to make them intelligent and able to speak properly.
On Saturday, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Rooni V Lyngdoh, visited the four corners of the market and the purpose was to work with the Hima Mylliem on how to clean it.
In Williamnagar, Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma launched the flag.
Nongpoh, June 05: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri-Bhoi District today expressed its deep anger over the news that Bah FM Mawphniang, Joint Secretary of the party, has resigned from his post. He said that he has no intention of supporting Dr PBM Basaiawmoit, an independent MP candidate nominated by the Common People's Front (CPF) from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Shillong, March 08: While Hindu devotees were celebrating their arrival at the Polo to worship the gods, a tragic incident has occurred in which an elderly man has died recently. The truck was found in Polo.
All the Chief Secretaries of the States have been directed to prepare for this issue and the task of this MPV is to encourage women to come forward to lodge their complaints if there is any complaint. If there is a need to help, the police will have to come forward.
Before the handover, a short meeting was held at the Ïing Shnong which was conducted by the Secretary of the Shnong who also took part in welcoming the members of the Seng who once again came to donate. The residents of Mawsiatkhnam have been facing difficulties in filling their households due to the closure of the dam in the past two months.
Ltd under the leadership of the President, Bah Ransom Sutnga and the National Director, Eldora Lyngdoh.
Enrico D.Pasi General Secretary JHTOA and President said that the dewbilat factories have affected the goodwill of the trucks in the state and the union is afraid that the time will come when they will lose their income. you are the son of Nidamon Chulet.
This publication of up to four lists appears according to letter no.
At the same time, Ms Lyngwa expressed her regret that some of the villages have not been able to cooperate with the police in this fight against drugs. police for three and a half hours to complete the task to rejoice because no one would come forward to be witnesses.
Mylliem Indian National Congress RONNIE V.LYNGDOH (WINNER), 21.
The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (MTA) has decided to send a letter of complaint to Shri V Kishore Chandra Deo, Union Minister of Tribal Affairs (MTA) Govt. Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), to amend the provisions of the Sixth Schedule where it was found that those proposals were not in accordance with the provisions of the agreement as marked in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. accepted and approved by the Government of India and the 25 Khasi States on 17th August 1948, but these proposals aim to introduce other rules which will completely abolish these traditional rules from the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and until the Hima Assembly.
As a suggestion to spend a little money to repair with cement to cover the areas where the damage has been severe.
To use vehicles that can run on electricity, compressed natural gas and to try not to drive too much when traveling but to use market vehicles or public transport.
The Association also informed Prestone Tynsong about the seizure of trucks at no entries and the Minister promised to convene a meeting with the officers of the Transport and Agriculture departments and others.
It resolved the shortage of cash of the farmers’ households and this paved the way for the purchase of the equipment they needed.
But in the evening the OC telephoned me not to do anything.
Referring to the TMC's victory in Meghalaya, Cornad said they have been able to enter the opposition seat but there has been a conflict between the party. don't have an impact.
Therefore, let us hold fast to the vigilance in the fight against the corona virus in the coming month.
“We don't know who this man is talking about, he is blaming all the MDCs and we cannot accept this because it has degraded all the MDCs in Meghalaya,” he said.
Thousands of people came to mourn this tragic incident.
Through this news, the union would like to inform that if it finds or complains that they violate the law or continue to pollute the hills, valleys or places where people should walk, the union will take action. and other ways to punish them.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The AJYWO Central Governing Body has strongly condemned the attack on the Police Enforcement Police of KHADC and journalists on the 25th of this month. month at Iewduh while the Enforcement Police of KHADC were conducting a Trading License check at Iewduh on that day.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Congress MDCs who have just won the MDC elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met at Congress Bhavan Shillong to discuss the party within the KHADC. Lamphrang Blah, who was elected as the Congress leader in the KHADC, said, “We have decided to join the opposition in the KHADC. don't give".
Not only that, recently last year, Samla Banshai Marbaniang sent a memorandum to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi and to the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Nitin Gadkari. Road Transport & Highway of the Government of India by expressing many of the needs when passing through the Mawphlang – Balat Road.
Matsiewdor said that in these incidents, up to 2777 thousand people have been affected by floods and landslides.
“He said that the Meghalaya Police on the 24th of this month raided the petrol station and arrested those involved and seized the petrol tanks, documents and seizure. to the trucks carrying oil.
That was only temporary but after these road workers left and left, this worship service continued by some foreigners who illegally built the place of worship and destroyed it without permission from them. last year.
Activities related to the production of coal, minerals and oil are also allowed.
He said he was proud of the victory of the Indian Navy.
CANDLES, 2.
On this occasion, awards were given to the Content Creators or those talented people who have shown their talent through photography and the awards were divided into their respective categories based on the idea. of the Video they developed.
During the meeting, they were able to express their concerns regarding the delay in the payment of salaries to these workers.
At the same time, the MLA urged the DC to inform him what the district authorities will do.
Please support this Dur-im by inviting your family and friends to witness the performance of the actors of this Dur-im Wad Ïa Ka Malade.
Adelbert said he should not just oppose but also give his opinion and when the government has agreed to extend the age of appointment he praised the government. It is the failure of all the previous governments, this is a general task and party feelings should be put aside.
The Customs have not yet arrested the suspect.
Members of JSU-Jowai Circle and JSM Western Region this morning arrested foreigners while they were trying to sell goods to people in Mihmyntdu village Jowai.
Regarding the border demarcation with Assam for 6 sites, a social agreement has already been signed in 2022 and discussions on the remaining 6 sites are ongoing.
The exhibition was inaugurated by MB Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Pnar District Council, Jowai.
In such incidents, the Government has taken all necessary measures to protect the State Government as well as the Central Government. The investigation is ongoing and has started to find out the truth about these incidents.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has organized public meetings in all the states of the North East to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
Although there are many difficulties in the construction of this railway line, the reason is that the working hours are very short due to the long rainy season, the hilly terrain and the deforestation. The Northeast Frontier Railway has taken all the necessary measures to complete the construction of the railway line.
The union also urged the government to expedite the delivery of relief to those families affected by the cyclone in Lawbah, Pyndensohsaw and Hatmawdon.
Many farmers including Riew Rangbah and most of them are the Long Mothers of the Prebyterian Church under the jurisdiction of District Lum Lyngkien Sohphie. .
“Bah Roypar said that the Mission Director of NHM Ram Kumar has refused to approve the demand of MEMRIWU to increase the salary by claiming that there will be a protest from other employees of NHM. “In fact, we are not employees of the NHM because the work we do is funded by the State Government and the NHM is funded by the Central Government,” said Bah Roypar.
The cause of the incident is not yet known, but Ransom is the NPP candidate from 17 North Shillong.
Shillong, July 21: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today distributed stickers to vehicles and posters across the state.
When arrested, Abdul Karim and Hamidul Islam confessed that they were only farmers and said that the owners of the cows paid up to T.1500 tyngka for each cow. He also said that these cows were taken by Filbat Sangma.
The delegates also opened an exhibition on the two-day Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav at Mother Teresa Park at the USTM grounds. Mahotsavka is a symbol of freedom, progress and unity seen across the country.
No goal was scored and the referees decided that both the teams were the winners of the match.
Lapangap, Mukroh, Khanduli, Langpih, Sabuda, Umwang, Moolber, Moojem, Psiar, Khatkasla and other Khasi villages fall under Meghalaya and KAAC and the Assam government should not own them.
The flow of water from the water pipes around Shillong has shocked many people who see and walk by to see that the water does not flow to the square due to the lack of inspection of the water pipes.
Shillong, Lber 02: U Conrad K Sangma today announced that he will leave the Governor of Meghalaya to form a coalition government in Meghalaya.
"The Chairperson and the members of the Committee shall include experts in the fields of Constitutional Law, Economics, Sociology, Demographic Studies, and other relevant fields which shall be notified by the State Government. says the announcement.
Shillong, March 07: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'im Ricky Nelson Syiem to remind him of the letter of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). For many months, the Guru Dawara in Mawlong Market and those who live inside the cow market in Khanapara.
The Chief Ministers of Neiphui Rio, who attended the swearing-in ceremony of Neiphui Rio, are the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu.
Shillong, July 15: Officials of the Ministry of Road Transport Highways of the Union Government today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to discuss the pending road construction schemes in Meghalaya. No Objection Certificate from the State Government.
Her brother, who is also a cyclist, is a strong supporter for Phyrnai and it is through his brother's bicycle that she will win the goal.
The HSPDP East Khasi Hills District Branch today took several decisions and one of the main decisions is to work hard and hard for the victory of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills District Branch. The party will nominate in
Those who wish to take up judo as a martial arts can register at the office of the District Sports Officer Tura during office hours on 24th July 2014 during office hours or call Tura Judo Association can be contacted at 94361 – 12436 / 89748 – 98669 &
The UK-JHD (Land Revenue) Regulation, 1953, The Indian Stamp Act 1899 within the Khasi States, The Land Acquisition Act 1894 or what is now called- The Right to fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement3 The Act 201 Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 and 1976, The Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957;  Land Acquisition (Mines) Act 1885,  The Indian Electricity Act 1910 and The Electricity (Supply) Act 1948, (now called The Electricity Act 2003), The Securitization and Re-construction of Financial Assets and Enforcement, Act ,20 Interest The Atomic Energy Act,1962, The National Highway Act 1956, SEZ Act 2005, The Railway Act 1989, The Registration of Births and Deaths Act 1969 and the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act 1997 vrs Meghalaya and La Customary in , The Income Tax Act 1961, The Banking Regulation Act 1949, The Companies Act 1956, The Public Debt Act  1944, The Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act,1973 and the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws; The UK-JHAD ( Establishment of Town Committee) Act 1960 & TheUK-JHAD (Establishment of Town Committee) rules 1962 ; The UK-JHAD Rules 1959, the Cantonment Act 2006 and many other Acts relating to the constitution of the Hima Khasi States.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 9: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday held a public meeting at Patharkhamah where its President Shibun Lyngdoh addressed the public meeting.
On the other hand, Samla Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH, expressed his gratitude to the government for listening and accepting the demand, as well as to the two MLAs from East Jaintia, u Hopeful Bamon and Justin Dkhar who have struggled to meet the urgent demands in the District because since the creation of East Jaintia Hills District until now, the people have been fleeing to Jowai to get “It will be a pleasure for the people who have been eager to get their own DTO office in East Jaintia Hills District,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today sent 11 names to the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary for the appointment of Ministers in the government. led.
Regarding the transformer inside the Sohlap house, the village has already arranged for the site but it has not been successful yet.
Second Prize: Rs.50,000/- (Fifty Thousand Rupees) + Certificate & Trophy.
Youths who used to earn money by private motorcycles to transport passengers around Shillong on Saturday met at Malki Square, Shillong to decide how to proceed after the lockdown. illegal without obtaining a Permit and paying Tax to the Transports Department of the State Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The five-day protest of COMSO to demand the Inner Line Permit from the Central Government started today at the State Central Liberary. participate including the elderly and mothers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: Following the opposition of many civil society groups to the government's decision to allow foreign companies to invest in the mining sector, the government has withdrawn the term “Foreign Direct Investment” and instead it will encourage the people of the state to work with others.
She said that the House has two days left and if there is such a case, it will be only on the first day.
These are all government buildings.
There are about 1000 applicants for this post, but it has been three months since the results of the examination have been announced by the MPSC. who are looking for work because many are old.
The Secretariat is a public place and the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC in this area is an act of violence. The Shillong Club Ltd, which is run by foreigners, does not have a trading license from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHNAM). KHADC) in accordance with the Trading by Non-tribal Regulation
New Delhi, Jymmang 12: The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee today presented the National Florence Nightingale Awards to nurses on the occasion of The world celebrates this day as International Nurses Day at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
He said that the Dorbar has already discussed this issue with the CEM, KHADC who has promised to take this issue to the EC. Bah John F Kharshiing, who brought these important issues to the JHADC, said that he will talk to the officers of the JHADC to think carefully on this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Idashisha Nongrang IPS, who took over as Director General of Police, Meghalaya, today urged the youth to take the Union Public Service Examination. Committee (USPC).
“Of course we respect and appreciate the promise of the two leaders of our state, but looking back at the past we are disappointed because it has not been written down,” said the JSU.
Bah Banshai said that as a citizen of the state, he cannot just watch, he took pictures and asked whether these broken water pipes belong to private individuals or to the water supply department. of the government, but if it belongs to anyone, these water pipes should be covered immediately.
“We are looking at the population as well as the size of the land,” said Prestone when asked what areas the government will consider for the allocation of new blocks.
This shows the urgency of works to provide clean water to all households in rural areas.
The party has allowed MLAs who want to join the BJP party to join the BJP party. At the same time, the BJP has not promised to give tickets to anyone. There were 10 MLAs who joined the BJP but at the time of issuing tickets it gave only 7 MLAs and it happened in Gujarat where the BJP MLAs lost their tickets.
The people who apply for the lowest percentage are more likely to get an exploration licence.
“We demand that Mukul Sangma should refrain from challenging the powers empowered by the Sixth Scheduled to the KHADC,” said Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the Seng through this statement sends to you the authorities and the Government to take care of the needs of this PHC. This is not the first time that the Seng has met and inspected this PHC but it has been done many times.
The meeting will be opened by Union Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies Ram Vilas Paswan in the presence of other Union Ministers.
This issue is not a peaceful issue, we have to discuss it from all sides.
The BSF troops have received information that these drugs have been smuggled into Bangladesh with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh. ri because this medicine makes you sick or you don't drink it.
The tournament, which started on 25th November, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The vehicle was heading from Agartala to Punjab.
The inspection was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Lumbasuk, Madanryting, Jatah and Mawshbuit. hang.
Nongstoin Police Station has called Special Police from Shillong to investigate the incident. It is suspected that Bose Kharbani used unlawful weapons to injure Rosemary and after that he committed suicide.
The five cases are from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills. from Ri Bhoi District and from West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, July 15: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the testing for COVID-19 for the residents of the border area with Bangladesh has started and is ongoing.
More than 15.7 lakh participants have registered this year for the essay contest.
“That land (from Bimola to Motphran) is not the land of the Municipal but belongs to the Hima Mylliem.
Synrem said that if the Shillong Municipal Board cannot remove the garbage dump at Motphran, the union will not hesitate to remove the garbage dump.
The death toll from East Khasi Hills has risen to 1012, while the death toll in the state has risen to after.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Minister in charge of Transport and Transport, Bah Sniewbhalang Dhar, today said that the state government has not received any funds from the state transport department. It has allocated Rs 5 crore in the 2023-2024 fiscal year to pay for the helicopter which is the share of the state.
During this inspection, we found that many children are still carrying book bags weighing up to 6/7 kilos, while the children of class II are carrying bags weighing up to 4 kilos.
“The HSPDP, which has just announced only 12 candidates and has a target of sending 17 candidates, has said that it will continue to fight for the Indian government. to expedite the establishment of a full “Khasi Jaintia Hills District” which will include the territory of the United Jaintia Hills District as in
As citizens we have the right to think of our own longtrai, and as minorities we also have the right to protect ourselves from violence.
There are 709 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 244 in East Khasi Hills and 136 in Ri Bhoi. to 62154 people.
Magdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong has been appointed as the Forest and Town Committee.
“As it has become clear in the past few days, the allegation of menaiksuid or mynshohnoh has led to violations of human rights and the enactment of a special law by the government is necessary, because as a nation “We cannot change our way of thinking because this belief has existed and flourished since ancient times,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of MPHRC. Any religion or custom is only part of the special rights of every citizen which are granted and respected under the Constitution, but the misuse of this right whether in “Any such act is illegal and a violation of human rights which should be strongly condemned by every citizen,” said the statement from the MPHRC. should be amended because it affects the fundamental rights and human rights of every citizen and what is needed now is that the government should immediately restrain it by passing a special law to help those who are guilty of such charges.
The MCS Officers Union expresses its deep sorrow over the sudden death of one of its members, as the Union prays for the eternal rest of Bah Donny and that the creator will console the whole family in such a sorrow that has brought loss to the family.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
On this occasion, an explanation or training on how to improve the traditional Khasi music and dance was also conducted for all the participating groups, which number about 16 groups.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to expedite the provision of assistance to these refugees as there are some families whose houses are no longer suitable for repair and this will affect the their families in sleep and especially their children who go to school.
To protest against this celebration, the MLA of 17-North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum has already started the protest by sitting at Madan Malki which will end on 22/01/2022 at 10 am. to this opposition.
The BSF has handed over the seized cows to the police for further investigation. The BSF has done its utmost to curb the illegal trade. on the border with Bangladesh.
For more information please call
Shillong, Nailur 30: The President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, on Tuesday said that they have already submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh demanding that the government should remove them. Mawpud has been appointed by the Government of Assam.
The march started from the DC court, during which Buddhist religious leaders prayed for peace.
The Minister stressed on monitoring the development of this crop and promised that there will be investment for setting up seed production centres, irrigation facilities, technical support, establishment of threshing floors, purchase centers and training for farmers.
Dr Jitendra Singh directed the officers that besides Madhavpur, programs including cultural programmes, handicraft exhibitions and food festivals of the North East will be held in other major cities of the North East. Gujarat including Ahmedabad to attract the people in the region.
Shillong, July 25: A meeting was held between Canadian traders and members of the Meghalaya State Planning Board today.
The Election Commissioner, Anup Chandra Pandey spoke on the need to think again and also to follow the best practices in different states.
Instead of upgrading Sohra to a district, the MCCL has been closed down and tried to make our people unemployed and unemployed,” said the union.
They grow until it is time to grow, to grow until they wither, fall and die completely so that the new seeds begin their journey to grow and be born again to continue their legacy of life. and so on and so forth.
Regarding Dawki PHC, it is very difficult because it does not have an adequate treatment facility and special rooms to accommodate covid-19 patients because almost every day patients are admitted to this hospital. The hospital is very difficult. If there are positive cases, you have to be treated together with those who are sick from other diseases.
The Executive Member in charge of Land, Bah Hedrian Lyngdoh, told SP News Agency that the KHADC has issued the NOC requested by the state government for the construction of the Western Shillong Bypass. Connect from Mawmaram to Umiam and reach GS Road.
M Kharkrang, one of the BJP leaders, said that the protest was to express their opposition to corruption. you can't do anything wrong.
Warmbier was arrested, released in custody and died shortly afterwards in July
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
Shillong, Naitung 30: After the conclusion of the 20th session of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association-India Region Zone III, an exhibition of traditional dances of the state was held this evening. from the Hills of Meghalaya" at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Through the initiative of the Commission, the beneficiaries, who are from Assam, have been identified through the media published in Assam and the compensation has been paid to the widows in on October 20, 2024 in Tura.
Shillong, Nailur, 06: The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) has given 40 days to the NEHU authorities to review the mark counting system implemented under the NEHUSU. university.
In this treatment, modern equipment is used to detect diseases in the human body.
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Bah D Pohshna, Rangbah Shnong of Ratacehra, today said that it is true that the village fee has been increased by four parts, from T.3000/- to T.2000/-. T.1000/- and T.500/ per annum.
For those who are entitled to receive the award, they must attend the dorbar kur.
During the meeting, the HYC also discussed the problems of the farmers in the state which has not yet fixed the government price of agricultural products in the state which has put the farmers in trouble. and many have to sell their crops and break the crops when the price is too high.
Shillong, Iaiong 07: The UDP election campaign at Stand Taxi Jaiaw today revealed that the HSPDP has a difference of opinion in supporting the candidates for the upcoming MP election. on the 9th of this month.
Now our members are angry over this, and have decided not to import petrol for Meghalaya from 12th November, 2023 until (members) are released from prison. ," said the Union.
Through these ARV vehicles, the 1917iTEAMS has been able to reduce the losses of farmers by transporting agricultural products on time.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Pope Francis on Saturday announced the appointment of Father Wilbert Marwein, Parish Priest of Divine Savior Parish Nonbah, as Bishop of Nonbah.
From the first day, various groups and political parties, including the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency Bah Mayral Born Syiem, visited Kong Bindas and requested her to remove the post. Police led by Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi on Saturday night raided the scene of Kong Binda with the intention of abducting her. which allows you to go for a medical checkup.
NABH accredited hospitals are recognized worldwide.
I complained to the officers there, the Rangbah Shnong did not listen and said that we have no trouble here I am not afraid.
The Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar, has approved that the House will be built at Mawdiangdiang and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today visited the house. land for the construction of the state legislature building.
When SP News Agency tried to get information from the district administration, they could not be reached for comment.
“After the CWC handed over to the Disciplinary Committee, I called an emergency meeting and we decided to call these MDCs to talk to them. 23rd of November before 12 noon and if they don't come we will have to take other measures and we will submit the report to the CWC for further decision”.
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya, along with the rest of the country, has already prepared to celebrate the 64th Republic Day at Polo Ground tomorrow morning. In India.
Nongthliew, June 01: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umthlong-Nongthliew Circle today under the leadership of Samla Mining Pathaw, President Samla Mining Pathaw.
He said that with the changing times, there is a need to develop this government department because of the emergence of these new media outlets known as the New Media. strong media in today's world.
This incident has angered the Khasi-Pnars living in Lapangap and the clashes have intensified with the passing of the days between the two ethnic groups living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
A group of officers and experts from the Telecom department, a doctor discussed about the fears of the people and clearly showed that most of these are wrong beliefs regarding the impact on health due to you radiate from mobile towers.
The Meitei rebel group led by Major Boicha Vice Chief of Army Staff of the NRFM with 25 weapons joined the UNLF on November 2,
At this meeting, they could not take a decision, as many voices came from different villages of Ranikor Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Ri Bhoi Progressive Workers Union (RBPWU) today demanded that the contractors of the Meghalaya Road Construction Department from Ri Bhoi District should implement their contract workers. The provisions of the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers Scheme
The District Administration has tried its best to rescue the people but due to the inability to draw water from the crematorium, they have been forced to wait until They don't have other powerful water pumps.
In a statement, the General Secretary of MSSASA East Jaintia Hills District Unit said that the meeting will discuss the legal notice sent by the MSSASA Sengkmie to the Chairman of NIOS. July this year along with other requirements to be met in connection with the preparation of the D.El.
Nongrem said that the allegation that he is still under the age of childhood has been accepted by the police. They should not be tested for age to find out the truth.
Although it is no longer possible to get the ticket, the SHPDP supporters have decided to nominate their own candidate, said Bah Enbin.
What is surprising is that a perpetual lease has been given as if this land belongs to foreigners or is managed by foreigners until today and now we see that there has been a collection of The entry fee for Khasi visitors has reached 100,000 rupees,” said KHNAM in a statement sent by its Vice President, Bah Thomas Passah.
After the arrest of Bulbul, police investigated and he confessed that he is from Pratappur Goinghat of Shyllet District of Bangladesh.
Professor Nonglait said that the present government should take immediate steps to introduce the bill in the next session of Parliament.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Shillong, Nailur 14: Shillong Autumn Festival 2019 will be held in April at Orchid Lake in Umiam. The announcement was also made by Bah Andreas War and Bah Meban Warjri of Opus Production.
The main parts of the independence struggle shown in the exhibition include the Revolt of 1857, Non-Cooperation Movement, Champaran Satyagraha, Kheda Satyagraha, Dandi March or Namak Satyagraha, Azad Hind Fauj, Quit India Movement, Partition of Ribad and many others. .
This will apply to jobs within the Districts.
Many of the students have run from one cyber café to another to print their results to get the mark sheet but the website of NEHU has not worked and this has angered the students and They said that it is a shame for this school to produce the results while the students cannot print them.
The action of the Police is to create racial differences between us and others.
The initiative of the District Administration, Religious Leaders, Longsan Mansan and NGOs to bring peace on the border between Meghalaya and Assam in recent days has affected them and has led to the that they should think that there is no need for lasting peace.
If you have any questions about COVID-19, please call the helpline of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at no.
On the other hand, the CEO of SMB hopes that they will be able to clean up this area with the cooperation of the people.
In the petition, the three organizations said that the power outage in Ri-bhoi district is inappropriate because there is no fix for the hours, or how many hours a day and at what time the power should be turned off.
In his speech, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC said that the district wants to see that all the himas should have full rulers and the KHADC will strive to achieve them. the full king before the end of
The SP of Ri Bhoi District said that the case has been handed over to the East Khasi Hills Police.
The death toll has risen to 3, East Khasi Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 1, bringing the total number of deaths to
The Government has approved Noida International Airport (Jewar), Mopa (Goa), Purandar Airport (Pune), Bhogapuram Airport (Visakhapatnam), Dholera Airport (Ahmedabad), Hirasar Airport (Rajkot).
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said, “The state government has set a target to support farmers working in agriculture including horticulture.
According to the President of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, the HYC has met with Dr. Mehta after he sent a message to the HYC to meet on Tuesday to discuss the demand. has given 10 days to meet the demands.
To encourage the establishment of second generation bio-fuel plants, the Government has launched the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN (Jaiv Indhan-Vatavaran Anukool Fasal Awashesh Nivaran) Yojana scheme to provide financial assistance to integrated bio-ethanol projects. using lignocellulosic biomass and others.
As a youth from Pynursla, he went to meet with their MLA, Bah Preston Tynsong to explain to him about this idea. to this work.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed the overall economic development in the North East and ensured that the people of this region get more benefits from all the Government schemes.
At present, the state is lagging behind in many areas which the people still want the government to do for them. it will do what the people want in terms of development.
You can play with the powers of men in this world but you cannot play with the powers of the Great and Powerful God from behind.
The goal at the forefront of this action step is to make children whole by providing them with the necessary supports in their childhood from conception to the age of five a age.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Kyrdem Circle, which has been serving the people of Kyrdem area for a long time, has renewed its office bearers.
Members of the HYC have destroyed drugs, ganja, injection thyrnia and dendrite by burning them and warned these drug users not to continue to smoke drugs in the area. public.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah John said that he takes responsibility for all the shortcomings, especially the lack of accommodation but this shortcoming has been resolved. .
Because many of those who have learned now, there are many explanations to explain themselves by themselves like those blind men of ancient Hindustan who explained and explained about the elephant.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union on Tuesday handed over a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh demanding that the State Government should increase the honorarium. and a thousand and six months.
HNAM also demanded the setting up of police outposts in Block I and Block II to protect the people of Meghalaya from the attacks by the Karbi insurgents.
At this public meeting, he said that the government has fought as hard as it can to bring development works to the people in all aspects.
Shillong, June 24: Dr WS Syiem, formerly known as Dr WS Syiem, who was a pharmacist at YMCA Mawkhar, passed away on Monday morning at a hospital in Guwahati after a stroke. bat ia u a little por.
On the same day, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle also donated gifts and money to Samla Balarihun Kharlukhi as a sign of encouragement and support of the FKJGP. “FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle is an example to encourage other youths of the area to be hardworking in any field of life,” said Bah Riskhem Nongdkhar, Organizing Secretary of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle.
When they approached the police, one of the occupants of the bike got out of the bike and started shooting at the police. The rider of the bike was injured and died in the incident.
All activities, except the following, are allowed outside the containment zone: Movement of foreign passengers, except those with permission from the MHA. March 19, 2020.
He said that these buildings have been supported by the Ministry of Tourism which has donated T.6.5 crore to improve the site. the customs and traditions of the people are important.
It may be recalled that Bah E Kharmalki was brought to Shillong from the post of Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
“To be a leader in the KSU is not easy, but we have to face many challenges and challenges,” said SS Niangti.
The meeting was conducted by Hector Marwein, Additional Chief Secretary in charge of the Secretariat Administration Department. & Secretary Sports & Youth Affairs Department were also present.
He said that in a meeting with the Hon'ble Shri V Kishore Chandra Deo, MP, on Sept 25, 2012, the Union Minister assured that the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, has proposed to the Government of India to appoint a Commission under Article 339 to address the issues of the Tribals in relation to Khaddar every 40 years since the birth of the Tribal Affairs. the Constitution, and he assured that the Government of India will soon accept this decision.
He is survived by four children and his wife Esmilinda Snaitang.
The death toll has risen to 4 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of deaths was
The party follows the example of Wickliffe Syiem who was the founder of the patriotic spirit that as a nation we did not choose to be Indians of our own free will, but were forced to become Indians.
I urge you youth of the country to eradicate such stories against India.
It is also necessary to ensure that they are connected to the supply chains for ITC.In this regard, there are two steps taken; the increase in the exemption limit from T 20 lakh to T 40 lakh for goods and the introduction of the Quarterly Returns and Monthly Payments (QRMP) scheme which will benefit 80% of taxpayers.
They will represent the North East in the final to be held in Mumbai in November
There is no longer any sympathy for those in the families of those who have suffered these tragedies.
Shillong, March 31: Shillong Police today arrested four persons who tried to injure police and Magistrates while they were on their way to Lapalang to demolish illegally built houses in Lapalang. The place is known as Behari Colony.
“It is a great surprise that Dr Mukul Sangma has sent an inquiry into these youths who took part in the debate because they strongly oppose the bill. Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the meeting, praised the youths who came to participate and expressed their feelings on the bill, but Dr Mukul Sangma sent an inquiry but it showed that all of them fall. “We don't have the right to express our feelings and this shows that Dr Mukul Sangma wants to rule by force and by force in our state,” he said. said L Sawkmie.
Through the Department of Arts and Culture in collaboration with the NEZCC, Ms Passah and her team have had many opportunities to participate in various festivals organized by different zones. of the country.
On the suggestion that the bill should also ban men, the CEM said that the EC also agrees with this suggestion.
During the meeting, they expressed their gratitude to the CM for announcing the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division and Riangdo Police Station.
It is also prohibited to carry any weapons that may cause injury to persons.
On this occasion, the people who attended the distribution of medicines were also explained how to take care of themselves to get healthy. On this occasion, the people were also explained about the dangers of HIV. (SP News).
This has led to the farmers leaving many smaller (Grade B) sohtrun.
The investigation department has been searching for him for almost a year but could not find him only on the day he filed his nomination for the MP election from the Jhnapur Lok Sabha seat.
The union also suggested that the government should pass a special law for the reservation of teachers who teach in government schools and who receive government assistance in the state.
Police said the body was found in a forest at Lad Mawpran, about 500 meters from the NH-4
In the women's country race, Lindum Iakia of Arunachal Pradesh came first, Pangambam Priya Devi (9:43.44) and Haomon Urbashi Devi (9:48.10) came second. third.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has talked to the family members and has taken all necessary measures to bring the body of Tiklu Jyrwa to his home. you are in Lumparing.
We are in a country that respects unity despite differences and believes that India is a country that respects religions.
Alvin Sawkmie MDC of Mawsynram said that he received this information today regarding the collapse of this road. If you do, the people will not suffer.
The scheme was launched on 24th June, 2019 by Prime Minister Duh, and is one of the largest DBT schemes in the world.
The Government also understands this problem and for that reason the Government has allocated land for the construction of the bridge from elsewhere. The government is waiting for the report of the Geological Survey of India to know whether it will be sufficient or not. to even give up one way to build a bridge.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Teachers of Deficit Pattern Schools today sent a letter to the Government demanding that the Government should upgrade the Deficit Pattern Schools to Deficit Schools.
We immediately convened a meeting and sent a letter to the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma, MLA Bah AL Hek, Minister of Tourism Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Commissioner & Secretary of Tourism. Vijay Kumar's world,” he said.
Although the previous Directors have done well to bring NEIGRIHMS to what it is today, the current Director has taken steps to improve the research, Faculty Development Programme, authorities and for the welfare of the workers.
When asked, Sarma said, “As we have said, these seven areas are the most difficult and therefore the regional committees headed by senior officials from both sides have worked hard to visit. We believe that everything will be resolved in peace and understanding.
On the other hand, the government encourages the people to take up agriculture.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Governor of Meghalaya has declared the 9th of this month as a public holiday for all the people of Meghalaya, who work in the private sector or in the shop.
One of the soldiers took the place to BOP Dalu-Kilapara.
“A Strategic Round Table was also held to discuss the preparation for the development of multi-sectoral logistics to connect the North East with different parts of the country and abroad to strengthen the economy in the country. Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Center for Policy Research and Analysis, Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong.
The word Longbriew or Longbynriew means in English, so it can also be translated as kaka which can be related to the English word.
Bonsai have been developed by the Chinese since the fourth century.
They also expressed their satisfaction that the meeting was successful after the foreigners left the village and after the foreigners staying at the RN Sharma Hotel left the village. village from 13th July.
At this public meeting held on Saturday in Jowai, the NPP urged all its members to work hard for the party to achieve its goal of getting power in the country. the state.
In his speech, the President said that Dr. Rita's visit to the party is a great blessing as she has a lot of knowledge in the field of health and the party will benefit greatly from her. I have been appointed Director Health Services in the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Director of NEIAH, Dr. Pradip Kumar Goswami, on Tuesday said that the NEIAH has been providing health services for more than four years and the struggles caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have faced many challenges. The purpose of this meeting was to inform them that they will resume their daily medical duties.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken seriously the Solid Waste Management Policy. ".
On the other hand, the KSU will stand with the Khasi-Pnar people living in Lapangap and other parts of the Meghalaya-Assam border and the KSU will not allow even an inch of land to be destroyed. flows to Assam.
This initiative shows that you have become like the second mothers of all the children who come to stay in the orphanage and he blessed the Nonglum Women's Wing that they will continue to be able to fulfill their works by it.
: The State Government on Friday decided to set up the Meghalaya Education Recruitment Board (MERB) to fill the vacancies in the Ministry of Education within three to six months.
Shillong, Naitung 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today fulfilled the dream of the Eastern Brook Band, a visually impaired group, by donating musical instruments through the scheme “Eastern Brook Band”. Grassroots Music" is a scheme of the Chief Minister to promote music.
It is a problem for the sick people. If they are arrested like this, like a poor mother who has to leave if she is sick or injured on the road, who will be responsible?
In this meeting with the Secretary of the Ministry of Education, there was no disagreement and they did not end the discussion because the promise of the Minister of Education did not come true as they had promised.
The Shillong Municipal Board has donated a coffin for Bah Marshall to the family of Darisha Lyngdoh Mawphlang who has lost her husband.
Florence Lohu of the Maoist movement has painted the faces of her own people as if they were cut from the colorful traditional costumes of the Nagas.
As MLA of the area, Bah Sohtun said that he has already informed the Chief Minister and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, but the Hima has lodged a complaint. The court shall not be responsible for the decision of the court.
Jowai, November 30: The JSU Central Body today led by JSU President Lawyerson War and General Secretary Jersom Shylla in the presence of JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen and Jowai Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen. Neal Jordan Rymbai is the President of the War Circle.
The union has demanded that the reply should be received within 10 days, which is the 28th of November, otherwise they will hold a protest.
Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, gave a special thanks to Euvelin Suchiang, Toniho S. Kharsati and Dr. Chandra Kanta who have brought the university to fame with this. Success is the goal of the university to promote excellence in all aspects.
He also thanked the HYC for not forgetting the residents of Mawsiatkhnam and that the contribution of the HYC to the residents is a blessing and benefit especially at this time of crisis. The world is facing such challenges caused by this disease.
Referring to the AAP, he said the people have turned to the AAP and the AAP hopes to form a government after the MLA elections.
Looking back on the 25th anniversary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, the Kiew Pyneh Rngiew is held once a year on the first Saturday of June. in
During his two-day visit to the city, the Minister of State for Child Development inspected the implementation of Central Government schemes for the assets of the subordinate judiciary.
The total number of recoveries today is 101, 40 from West Khasi Hills, 23 from West Jaintia Hills, 11 from East Garo Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from West Garo Hills and 5 from East Jaintia Hills. Hills 3, North Garo Hills 1, the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to
Rikman Momin on Tuesday was appointed as the new State President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit after the term of former State President Ernest Mawrie expired.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'Im PM Syiemlieh.
The central theme of the training was how to protect children from exploitation and trafficking.
The sellers of soh have increased the price of soh to sell immediately to avoid the shortage of soh as there will be a three-day closure for the sellers of soh.
The final was witnessed by the Chief Guest Bah Kynsai Manik Jyrwa, Chief Guest Bah Tishalding Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang, Secretary Shnong Mawkasiang and other invitees.
Shillong, Lber 29: The office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills today held a meeting with the VDPs at Mawngap village. just don.
Similarly, the President of India is elected only by the MPs and MLAs of India, the people of India do not elect the President.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The KSU, FKJGP, HYNYF, RBYF and JSU today held a meeting before the mombati ceremony and the speakers urged the government employees to cooperate with the their call for “non-cooperation" by refusing to work the next morning.
Regarding the Industrial Policy 2012, the union believes that this policy does not protect the land of the people of Meghalaya, but the union finds that this will only allow them to companies to take land in the districts, this will be worse than before.
“It is very sad for the people, as soon as the traffic stop, the people have suffered,” said the statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle today sent away more than 100 employees who have not provided proper work permits or documents.
Rev GS Lyttan, Moderator, Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly, also launched a souvenir on the occasion.
The MBCC expects the Minister to do whatever is necessary.
On the other hand, Bah Kharshiing urged the Rangbah Shnongs not to fall into this superstition.
Besides the KSU and the people expressing their opposition to the railway line, the company is continuing the work.
Now it is up to the police to find out these kinds of news and photographs,” said Laloo.
This is the beginning of the explanation process and 40 dorbar shnongs have been convened as the beginning of the awareness campaign on the Act.
Meanwhile, dozens of foreign private factories have been able to perform better than government factories until they have been able to set the price of cement per barrel at a higher price.
After the tree planting, another meeting was held which was conducted by Bah Baniakyrshanlang Lyngdoh who is one of the members of the Pynursla Youth Association.
The party will also hold a ceremony to honor the new president of the party in Ri Bhoi District, Bah Banbuhai Makdoh.
Umladkhur village is a prominent village in the production of many kinds of fish and in this village the COFISKI machine has been used to syang fish which has been supported by ICAR-CIFT. it is the same as what they have done since ancient times.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The TMC candidate from Mawphlang, Bah Mawkordor Rynjah, on Tuesday said that no farmer or farmer has been affected by the BJP's actions. Mawphlang residents who have received even 10 tyngka have received FOCUS from the government.
The MSKA also informs all the kickboxers of the state to prepare for the Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship 2017 which is scheduled to be held in the third month of November.
Until the end of the first half, the home side could not break the deadlock.
To ensure the smooth running of all government departments, the Cabinet today approved the amendment of the rule by inserting new rules into the Meghalaya Financial Service Rule.
In terms of Homeopathy, 19,397 patients have been treated at the OPD clinics while 22 patients have stayed at the OPD clinics.
The DTO said that since the time of the former DTO, they have written to the authorities to recruit more staff in the office, but until now they have not received anything even though he has reminded them. from time to time.
In Meghalaya, the global chant was also held under the leadership of Dr Bremly WB Lyngdoh.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam not to call or employ the mynder and especially those who have benami in the trade because after this the mynder will eat and turn against us. the owner of the country.
Those who have been invited to the public meeting to be held at Polo Ground, will be prominent residents of the area, those who have been honored for voluntary work, farmers from the area and are expected to attend about 10,000 people to take part in the 50th Anniversary of the NEC. At this public meeting at the Polo Ground, the Prime Minister of India inaugurated the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong, The 4G towers in Meghalaya will be implemented by the NEC, there will be schemes of Meghalaya and the foundation stone will be laid for the implementation of the 50th Anniversary of the NEC. The book is called “GOLDEN FOOTPRINTS”.
On the other hand, the Doloi urged them to work together with the elaka because on this day the people of the elaka went to the public hearing at Moosakhia to protest against the closure of the Umngot River. The closure of this river will affect the paid people who live near this river.
There are those who are wrong and fined, the poor woman does not get treatment and so on, so the government should punish these 41 people to show that the law applies to all salonsar.
The newly elected office bearers were Asst Secretary Macdonald Jitem, Organizing Secretary Nangrikupar Malngiang, Publicity Secretary Garry Mawlieh, Education Secretary Sam Lyngdoh Nonglait, Environment Secretary Wellborn Nonglang and Office Secretary Rishot Jana.
The conference will be opened by the Minister of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah.
This will not affect the budget of the state government as they have already received their salary according to the government salary, which is now to recognize them as government employees.
Many times children have to work hard due to poverty at home during the year.
Once completed, the railway line will greatly improve the traffic in Mizoram, help in the establishment of small factories, promote tourism and most importantly will provide them with food items. without interruption to Mizoram to transport from other parts of India.
After these strikes, the party will announce other strikes if the government and MLAs do not implement our demands.
The Seng is pleased to acknowledge that this great man has fulfilled his duty as a fighter whom the nation has raised.
At present, there are 31,247 youths who are voting for the first time.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 10: U Bah Witting Mawsor today inaugurated the Silver Jubilee of the Lai Shnong UPS Nongrynniaw.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said that together with these works known as the Smart City Project and new roads, the total cost will reach T.2000 crore and this will be done in collaboration with the people. The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the New Shillong Township is a well planned and expected township within the next three years. They should work together because the government is ready to promote development projects.
They are closely related to thousands of years of ancient traditional medicine, but now through scientifically proven medicines to treat many diseases.
Shillong, Nailar 06: U Minister in charge of Textiles, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today inaugurated a textile manufacturing plant at Umden-Diwon in Ri Bhoi District. It is divided into four categories, “Ahimsa Silk, Organic Dyes, Women Centric and Global Presence Aspects”.
On the other hand, the party would like to urge you as the Chairman of the Regional Committee to meet with the Hima Rulers of the area, the Rangbah Shnongs, the Molors, as well as the elders who were present at the meeting. The region has been in existence since before the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Jowai Municipal Board (JHADC) has been handed over to the Jowai Municipal Board (JHADC).
Of this, T.48,75,902 lakh was spent on the salaries of the Chairperson, the Director of Inquiry, the Director of Prosecution and Investigation Officers, T.19,40,202 lakh for the salaries of the employees. Casual, T.29,54, 672 lakh office expenditure, T.4,12,270 lakh office rent and electricity bill, T.2,47,820 legal fee and T.3,40,820 others payment.
According to a statement, the police have made it clear that the permit of these vehicles is to operate in the villages and not in the city.
GP Thadlaskein circle and together with the Rangbah Shnongs of this area and the elders of this area as a sign of protest against the installation of the two gates by the JHADC at Lumkya and Nartiang.
Sonstar Nongkhlaw won with 2085 votes for the post of Assistant General Secretary and two candidates for the post of Organizing Secretary. Biangbor Paliar won the election with 2557 votes.
Bah Kharkongor said that some people go to vote and this is not their fight, but not going to vote shows that you have violated your rights by Without casting a vote, he urged the people to come out and exercise this right.
The reasons given by these 40 MDCs for losing confidence in the Executive Committee are, the mismanagement of the funds of the District Council, the inability to pay their salaries. employees of the District Council.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Ramakrishna Mission Charitable Dispensary was inaugurated by Swami Purnananda, Head of Ramakrishna Math, Belur Math, West Bengal today. .
Police from the Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) and Combat Battalion (CoBRA) raided the hideout at Ambare Chiring Hills under Mendipathar police station. .
He said that the Civil Sub Division will cover Laitlyngkot Elaka, Raid Nongkynrieh from Nongjri and Dawki Bridge except for one GS Circle which covers five villages. I have received a petition from the Rangbah Shnong.
State Disaster Response Funds (SDRFs) have been established in each State under Section 48 (1) (a) of the Disaster Management Act,
Many officers from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development were also present on the occasion.
Excessive knowledge has made people feel proud of themselves and do whatever they want.
Many ticket offices will be open throughout the day and tickets can be booked in advance to avoid overcrowding at the ticket offices.
The Central Executive Committee of the party has discussed how to strengthen the party. Although the party candidate has not won, the party candidate has done well in this regard. The mid-term elections have encouraged the UDP party in Garo Hills.
“If there were only 100,000 drug addicts, my money and yours would have gone to the drug addicts (to provide treatment).
However, the most important thing is that the villagers, the indigenous people who own the land, the himas, the himas together with the District Council have to understand that the government should not go astray to avoid the confusion but to just Even in the second round, there was no stir.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 28: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today visited three cities to inspect the production of pharmaceuticals in these areas.
This spread of false news has led to the people coming to the market.
Major General PK Saini, Commander of HQ 101 Area together with the Commandants of 58 Gorkha Training Center and Assam Regimental Center also laid wreaths in honor of the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the country.
Shillong, Lber 20: Unidentified persons on Saturday morning destroyed the Information Board of the state at Boklapara under the Nongspung Hima on the border with Assam.
There are 3 deaths from the disease today, 2 of them are from unvaccinated, 1 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills. There were 1281 people.
The 73rd Constitutional Amendment completes its 40th anniversary today.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has held public meetings at Rynjah Market to raise awareness among the people on the need to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). a strong law that can prevent the infiltration of mynder.
Therefore, the two organizations on this occasion with a spirit of sorrow and responsibility urge all the people of Upper Shillong and especially all the Dorbar Shnongs to give their support. To work together to overcome the threats that aim to imprison the nation as a whole.
The HYC has spoken well and explained to the Minister regarding the ban on benami trade. The HYC said that as of now, the ban on benami is if the citizen takes money from They are not allowed to trade, but they should be banned even among the tribes because they are not from this state.
Last year, she competed in the 4th Meghalaya Games and won second place and this year at the 5th Meghalaya Games, she won the gold medal in the XCO women open. category/Mass start.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Lafarge officials in India said that the conveyer caught fire in Bangladesh and they don't know exactly how it happened but they confirmed that the fire was true. and the height was ten meters.
According to Delbora Wankhar, State Co-ordinator, the purpose of this celebration is to inform and inform others who do not know, this is the fourth time in the state. Deborah Marak will be the chief guest in East Khasi Hills district and Zenith Sangma will be the chief guest in West Garo Hills. .
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is considering to reduce the number of employees if it is possible to provide a Voluntary Retirement Scheme for those who have worked for 15 years or more.
Shillong, March 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barato Unit on Saturday celebrated its 10th Anniversary.
Most of them were related to the death of their children in a car accident and the payment amounted to 7 lakh tyngka and the check was issued by New India Assurance Co., Ltd.
According to a government source, the Navy team left Visakapatnam today and arrived in Guwahati. 15 people have lost their lives.
The funeral service for Pa,im Mewel Shadap will be held on Friday morning at the Presbyterian Church Umpowin and the service will start at 11.00 pm.
The MMECC believes that it is thanks to the initiative of the Chief Minister that the Forest Department has now started to check the availability of Mawshun remaining in the parks of the people in order to give permission to transport it. The Forest Officer (DFO) Territorial Shillong has already directed the miners to submit their applications so that they can do whatever is necessary.
Amapreen said she does not want to say what she will do but there is a law in which all those accused have to answer before the law.
According to the figures released today, 632 people have recovered from the disease, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 46,2
He said that while the struggle inside the court will continue, the protest will continue until it is seen that this Act will not work in the North East.
He said that the number of households in the country has now reached
The residents during the rainy season have to pass through the river and especially during the rainy season they have to build bridges with siej to go from one side to the other of the river.
Because of these risks, the use of calcium carbide for packaging soybeans is prohibited under Regulation 2.3.5 of the Food Safety and Standards Regulations,
Shillong, June 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today. Mylliem Hima Pa, Ainam Syiem and Ministers visited the Duh Market and Mawlong Market.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Two supporters of the PDF in Mawsynram Constituency have left the party and joined the Congress.
Shillong, March 07: Police in East Khasi Hills District have seized 156.12 grams of heroin, two smartphones and T. 1.28 lakh.
Shillong, July 29: U Sanbor Shullai MLA of BJP from 19-Shillong South on Tuesday met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to demand the construction of the Garrison Square. it shall not be used by the people.
We must set an example through our actions that we continue to improve ourselves.
Speaking to reporters, Dr B Mawthoh said that the MACS will award a prize of T.2.5 lakh to the winner. They will explain to the public how to prevent the spread of AIDS.
On the other hand, Himanshu Kumar Rai, Chairman of the Mid-Term MLA Elections, said that he has completed the preparations for the mid-term MLA elections. day of voting.
“If the people who didn't come to write the examination pass their examination, what is the point of conducting that examination?” asked Bah Riang. surprise.
Jowai, Iaiong 24: Visitors to Iewmusiang this morning were shocked when they found a newborn baby who had been born by a mother who had lost her sense of humanity.
At the same time, the new CEM appealed to the Congress party on the left to cooperate with the new EC and said that all the 29 MDCs should be pleased to join the EC. work together because you are the only driver to keep it until the end of the five years.
Shillong, July 25: Police in Ri Bhoi District today seized heroin from a vehicle (AS-01MA-2296) which was heading from Assam to Meghalaya. 103 grams.
Jowai.
On the other hand, the DGP, Dr LR Bishnoi, said that the police department will install CCTV cameras so that the recruitment process will be clean and transparent.
Besides this issue, he said that there are other objectives of the union to improve education in the state, but he also expressed his regret that there are too many policies. The rank of teachers has declined in the state, said Bah Shadap.
All those who have been released from the curfew must follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare without making any mistakes.
These 75 programmers in this category will participate in the following parts of the IFFI: This year, masterclasses will be held specially for these 75 talented people.
Dr Ahammed said the government has introduced many schemes to support the farmers as well as to ensure that the export of agricultural products to India will be successful.
Shillong, November 31: The Ri Academy of Visual Arts, Meghalaya, has organized a visual arts exhibition at ICSSR, NEHU. Roy Kharkongor.
Therefore, through this news, the Seng urges all the Central Government Offices, Offices of various Companies in East Khasi Hills District, Banks and others to respect such holidays. and that they should not open their workplaces especially on the 7th of this month.
The modern Vistadome will attract more tourists.
In terms of access to water and safe drinking water, India has achieved 64% progress, he said.
During the raid, police seized a large quantity of Pahreng and Parsi kyiad from these places.
Regarding the announcement in the media that if they do not work within nine days, they will call other employees, she said that GVK has not said to dismiss anyone. any spirit.
The Chief Minister said that in the new GST Act there is a provision in the Act that if any state has a loss from the implementation of the new GST Act, it will be punished. the federal government would have to bend the loss of that state.
“I am confident that under the leadership of Marcuise as MLA of this constituency he will be able to work better for the benefit of the people. Marcuise has been a member of the NPP party for a long time. and it is through him that the party has grown and achieved this victory.
Only 5 native players have been selected while 7 players are foreigners, ie non-Khasi or Garo.
He also said that people should continue their physical activities.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep (KDKNBH) has urged all the villages to set up Agriculture Committees in their villages to fight against the unknown COVID-1 how long will this disease last?
Jowai, July 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit in a statement issued by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has congratulated the former General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Albinus Lamarong. MDC and Sumer Constituency haka Election calendar one.
The drugs worth 139.98 grams were seized from the 11 soap boxes. Other items seized included an Aadhaar Card, a Pan Card and a Mobile Phone.
The Chairman Cum Managing Director, Bah PS Thangkhiew, on seeing the protest, called on the leaders to speak out on the issue.
At the same time, he urged the Meghalaya government to encourage the planting of herbal medicines and this will help the people to increase their income. the state government should encourage people to take advantage of the MSME scheme of the central government.
In one incident on Thursday at about 1:00 pm, two people lost their lives due to the speeding and reckless driving of the driver.
On the other hand, the Minister said that during the meeting today, he urged them to stop their protest if possible while the talks are ongoing. beteng that they have not finished the conversation.
The party also expresses its gratitude to the MLA and MDC who have joined hands with the party in the celebration of the party's 10th Anniversary.
“With a focus on the use of technology for the development of the North East, the CBIC has completed the provision of EDI in the following LCSs – Ghasuapara, Bholaganj, Shellabazar, Borsora, Khowaighat, Baghmara, Golakganj, Karimganj and Dawki are not on the India-Bangladesh border and Zokhawthar is not on the India-Myanmar border.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The residents of Smit village this night have arrested suspected menshohnoh and the mobs have bombed and tied them.
"[I conclude]These words have guided us in the past and these same words will continue to guide us into a bright future.
“He also informed Kong Bindas that once the PWD (Road) department has received the approval, he will come back to Shillong to show it to her so that she can remove the snowstorm which affects the health of the people. you are like a woman.
In addition, the ULFA has also agreed to withdraw all the camps where its members live, to participate in democracy based on the rule of law and to protect the unity of the country.
Jagdishpur-Haldia & Bokaro-Dhamra Pipeline Project (JHBDPL): The 2655 km pipeline project has been implemented by GAIL at a cost of T.12,9 crore, including 40% capital grant (T.5,176 crore) from the Government of India and the target is to complete the project by November,
When the Chairman of the House, Bah LG Nongsiej, informed the House that Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC of KHNAM has raised a motion of no confidence in the EC, the Chairman of the House, Bah LG Nongsiej, said: They asked the House for permission to allow those MDCs who supported them to stand in their respective seats, but only seven of them stood. Telenia Thangkhiew, Samlin Mallangniang of HSPDP, Donkupar Sumer, Teinwell Dkhar and Rona Khymdeit.
His purpose in burning the documents was to destroy the evidence that he had already misused them.
In his speech, Bah Waibha Kyndiah, son of Bah PR Kyndiah, expressed his happiness to see that this book which his father wanted to publish has now succeeded. “I am pleased to see that this book has been released today,” said Bah Andrew Simon, who collected the speeches of Bah PR Kyndiah. It has taken him about seven years to complete this book , which includes his speeches in the House and especially the decisions he has made during his tenure as Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today announced that it will hold a Monolith Festival at Mawphlang Village, East Khasi Hills District.
Interestingly, the villagers have understood this disease.
In a statement, Bah Tanlum K.Kharai, Secretary Shnong Mawbidong, urged the government departments, district authorities and tourism authorities to come forward and help so that the Shnong can develop. can improve and if they can improve this resort.
Abhimanyu Basu, Dhirubhai Ambani Int.
The party also urged Nalin Kohli that if he really has that responsibility for the welfare of the minorities of India, he should visit all parts of Meghalaya to see. They have seen with their own eyes how many areas have become where the indigenous people have become small paid and how their rights have been violated by other ethnic groups. Bangladesh, Nepal and other states of India.
In this regard, a two-day National Conference on Cooperation Policy will be held in New Delhi on 12-13 June,
He said that many of the Community and Rural Development Block are well aware of the needs ahead.
He spoke about the Swacch Bharat Abhiyanna for cleanliness.
The problem of the youth in this age is in getting jobs and she pointed out that many of the jobs are now filled by those who have connections as happened in the recruitment of teachers and What happened in MIDC, the incidents that have happened, the incidents that have happened, these have affected the minds of the youth of today.
Regarding the problem of the people of Solonsar regarding the withdrawal of money from the bank, Bah Shangpliang said that here in Dangar we need to open a bank and for that reason I have put in front of the government and also to the Chief Minister that we need a bank in Dangar.
Therefore, the Jirang Block Congress once again appeals to the authorities to look into this issue and to approve or listen to the demand and request, but if the authorities do not feel for the good The Jirang Block Congress will strongly oppose this action of those in power and those who violate the rules of the party. The right to boycott the rules of procedure of the Party Congress even if it has to boycott by any means while being approached by the highest authorities or the AICC or the law enforcement authorities. get a fair trial according to the rules.
“After the Peace Rally in different districts of the State, we see that the State Government has listened to the demands of the ASHAs. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has listened carefully and does not believe what the demands and wishes of the ASHAs are.
Shillong, Nailur 05: On the discussion among the people under the Amendment to Article 6 of the Constitution of India, and the comments given and sent recently on 3rd September 2017, which we have sent to Bah W.Anthony, Convener, MITCRM, and other members, SKNSBH, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, Somalia, GSU, AJYWO, JYF, FKS, GCCM, and others. especially since the new arrangement also relates to their relationship between the Constitution of India and the Federation of Khasi States and its other members.
In this regard, the Minister has recently implemented the M-diabetes initiative, with the aim of raising awareness on diabetes.
He also suggested that all schools should have adequate libraries so that the students who come from low income families can have the opportunity to study as well as other youths. He also explained that there is not a single State University in the state to provide full services to the youth of the country who desire the right to study at higher levels.
Bah D Pohshna said that if the 75 households do not accept the decision of the Dorbar Shnong, they have decided not to recognize them as residents.
The total number of cases in the state is 1534, from East Khasi Hills 961, West Khasi Hills 34, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 125, West Jaintia Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 139 and West Garo Hills. 204, South West Garo Hills 9, South Garo Hills 20, East Garo Hills 16 and North Garo Hills
The Governor expressed his pleasure to witness the special screening of the 100th episode of Mann Ki Baat along with special leaders whose work and lives are in line with the beliefs of this programme. not to help others.
Seeing the need, the Central Government has launched NABH Nirman (NextGen Airports for India), which will have a capacity of up to 1 billion flights in the next 10 to 15 years.
Therefore, the Shang should be increased from 26 to 27 members by electing him as an MLA and not being honoured.
During this journey, some vehicles were bombed and this happened in front of the magistrates. Some Scotty bombs were bombed during this journey.
Besides these firearms, the police also seized 34 seals from various government departments. Police have called their security department. The Eastern Command has assisted in the investigation.
Instead of strengthening and developing your own, you are turning to something else.
The JSM also urges the various Dorbar Shnongs to restrain the residents from marrying other ethnic groups, so that the village can be peaceful.
“This is not his job but it is the job of the police to find out the truth,” said FKJGP Secretary General Eldie N. Lyngdoh in a statement.
How to treat those who cannot travel by car.
As a group, we pray that they will have the understanding to explain to the Government that the ILP is the life and death of our State and they should immediately grant the ILP to us because this is no longer just a Jing. Your claim is not yours, but it is your right.
The impact of this year's Christmas celebration is that in these days there has been a protest to demand the ILP and this has disrupted the carol of various church groups.
Deputy CEM Pynshngain N Syiem said that their visit was to congratulate the EC for bringing in the Administration of Elaka Amendment Bill which has included the Village Youth Associations. bills.
It was during his tenure as MLA that he followed up on this water distribution scheme and after discussions, an allocation of T.5.92 crore was received to provide water to 12,000 residents. funding received in 2017.
On the other hand, the DC said that on this day all those who oppose and support and also those who have the intention to convey the proposal to relocate the office of the Block should come. on that day to be announced at this public hearing.
Anyone found driving vehicles with forged number plates will be punished according to the provisions of the law and including the revocation of the driving licence.
The President said that it is the responsibility of the headmasters to bring about change in the teachers and students and therefore the headmasters of the groups should take action in the implementation of the policy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that the government has taken action on this issue and said that this is one of the suggestions that the government wants to bring forward. translation in the seventh chapter.
The bridge at Wah Umtung connects the road to Thadrang, Khyndewso, Mawlansnai and Bhoirymbong villages in Ri Bhoi District. They went to Mawlasnai market and to farm because many of them had farmland such as rice fields and other farmland.
years ago in 1987, during the height of the Anti-Foreigners' Movement in the state, the CRPF opened fire on Khasi youths and Khasi households in the month of July especially in the areas of Motphran, Mission Compound, Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Umsohsun, Wahingdoh and Riatsamthiah.
All these issues are due to the government's failure to do anything in 2014 to ban coal. This government has taken action in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of the Legislative Assembly.
Police recovered 9 grams of heroin hidden in golden tins from their bodies and 34 grams of heroin from their homes, bringing the total to 41 grams.
Police from the Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) Ribhoi District arrived at the scene to extinguish the fire.
Police have recovered a mobile phone, a blue plastic bag and the drugs were packed in 17 soap boxes.
The All India Football Federation (AFF) has organized the first futsal tournament at the national level from 5 to 13 November 2021 in New Delhi.
To remove them is no longer possible because some of them have gone to court and to remove this issue is that the Cabinet today has decided to recognize their ownership of the house. The land shall be owned by the government, but the land shall be owned by the government.
The soskular was signed today.
Regarding this incident, the union demands that the law enforcement authorities should take necessary action to punish those involved in this incident according to the law. The development of tourism will be affected and the law enforcement agencies should punish those who are involved.
So far, the party has received applications from all the districts who wish to contest the MLA elections in 2023 from more than 50 constituencies. In those constituencies where there is only one application, the other two or three applications will have to be considered.
The Chief Minister said that 32 people from the Corona Care Center and six from Bethany Hospital were tested negative.
Photeitsim is a village under the Maharam Syiemship and is an old settlement in the Ranikor C&RD Block.
All school principals have been directed to inform the parents of this while all schools have been directed to close in the morning to ensure that the children receive he is blessed.
At this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner explained that there will be a prize for the village or village of T.10,00,000/- lakh tyngka, there will also be a prize for the best artists for the artists. pictures have rules on how to choose them to win the prize.
Manipur won four gold medals, including Thokchom Tennyson Singh (2:08) in the MTB Downhill Full Suspension Men's Race, ahead of Meghalaya's Dame Wanki Ha-o Suiam (2:08). 15).
Kaharshiing said that this time the Meghalaya Games in Jowai will help a little bit in terms of cost as many of the associations have approved the venues to hold the Games. He added that there may be only a few that need to be built.
Shillong, Nailur 06: There are 123 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 93 cases from East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from West Khasi Hills and 9 cases from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases is
Police have alleged that the incident was carried out by ANVC(B) militants, but the ANVC(B) has not admitted the incident. this is the bomb blast.
Their bodies have now been placed in Mawkyrwat. If anyone wants to claim their bodies, they can contact the police in Mawkyrwat.
Our beliefs come from the ancient customs and traditions of the people of the country.
This year, the celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, 2023 will be under the theme, “A Day For All”.
On the same day, unidentified persons took away these three suloi and the vehicle from Mawkynroh Umshing, the vehicle was burnt at Jaiaw Pdeng, while the suloi were not known from that day until to have received a letter informing the place of disposal of the three guns.
During the meeting, the Rajabala MLA urged the government to send a letter to the Supreme Court to request that the women of Meghalaya should be included in the NRC after submitting the documents. that sla from this state.
However, if he has deposited the entire amount of Rs.1,40,00,000.00 (one crore forty thousand tyngka) into the expenses of the KHADC and cannot confirm it with sufficient evidence. The responsibility has fallen mainly on the two Rangbah, namely, Bah PN Syiem, CEM and Bah Antonio War, EM I/C Finance and Chairman of KHCF. should be published, is the news that everyone is now waiting for.
"The VPP has informed that the vacant posts are in the office of Horticulture Development Officer, Nongpoh since 2013, in the office of HDO Umling Block which has been vacant since (HDO) Umsning Block which has been vacant since 2020, in the office of ADO Marketing Nongpoh which has been vacant since 2019, in the office of ADO Bhoirymbong Circle which has been vacant since Patharkhmah Circle has been vacant since 2016, Umling Block has been vacant since 2020 and Nongpoh has been vacant since
New Delhi, Lber 29: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma today signed a special social agreement in New Delhi. Union Defense Minister Amit Shah to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya, regarding six out of the 12 disputed areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Border Security Force (BSF) on receiving a tip that some cows were sent to Bangladesh through Lyngkhat, have raided the area and seized 100 cows. 113 people were arrested, while others managed to escape.
According to sources, Dr Mukul Sangma's visit to the Governor of Meghalaya was to discuss the political situation in the state, the intention of the Chief Minister on this issue. It is not known whether he will propose to resign or find other ways to resolve the protest from the Congress MLAs.
This measure looks at the nature of educational activities in which the Central Government and state governments are involved.
The Government, clearly understanding the needs of those slightly lacking in financial experience and very business-savvy and with progressive ambitions, has come up with three lists of offers MUDRA loans to address the needs of various types of investors such as SHISHU, TARUN & KISHOR. The purpose of this is that over time, SHISHU borrowers will not remain on the SHISHU list, TARUN borrowers will be promoted to KISHOR and this, over time, will bring about stability in wealth! However, the Government has had to address many issues after
He requested the Rangbah Shnongs to go to the JHADC office to get a copy of all the AINs so that they will not remain in darkness. For example, all Rangbah Shnongs should read and understand the Administration of Justice Rules Meghalaya Town & Country Planning Act 1973 which describes how to build houses, where it is allowed to set up shops or open markets and how to build and build houses stay.
Conrad and Himanta also decided to give until November 31, 2023 to the Survey of India and the officers of Meghalaya and Assam to complete the identification of the boundary in The 6 border dispute areas were signed in the first phase of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam on 29th October, 2022 in Delhi in the presence of the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Amit Shah's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
On a complaint received from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the police have charged the 35 persons under three sections of the Act, the first under Section 188/34 of the Indian Penal Code. The second Penal Code is under 51(B) of the Disaster Management Act
In terms of youth development and encouraging them to solve contemporary problems, these topics will include the environment, climate, sustainable development and SDG; technology, entrepreneurship and innovation, traditional knowledge; national identity, nation building and self-sufficiency.
The opposition was led by Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Charles Pyngrope, Zenith Sangma, Ampareen Lyngdoh and M Syiem.
Other speakers at the meeting were Health Minister Roshan Warjri, MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi District and others. other government officials.
After reviewing the measures taken by the States and UTs, the Cabinet Secretary stressed the need to be vigilant and strict in the strict implementation of control and surveillance measures, along with the strengthening of vaccination. and the strict implementation of COVID-related measures. States have been directed to, Increase the number of tests to ensure that the number of cases falls to 5% or less than % Focus on ensuring that RT-PCR tests cover 70% of all tests.
Shillong, November 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle together with the HNYF Southern Riwar Circle on the 3rd of this month visited Rongkum Amlympiang village to immediately stop the protest. Border Fencing in these areas.
Referring to the work of the government, he said that the issues that started in the previous government will continue to be implemented and it is expected that they will be able to resolve the border issue in the next five years.
Rapleng Village was the winner of this tournament.
When faced with problems as leaders, we have to face the problems and not turn too colorful and when we have to fight against, we have to fight. The EC will listen to what our fellow MDCs say. The land is owned by the people and they have to get permission to build houses.
Regarding the salary of these two months, they said that even if they cannot get all the salary, the government and the GVK company will arrange for the payment of their salary because they too. they have made a request.
When the BSF of Kakergora of 193 Battalion seized and took away the sharud wah and when they opened the song, they found that it was human sniuh brought from Shillong. and your appearance has reached T.30 lakh.
Because the goal of the government is to help the people.
Among the former MDCs who are still contesting the MDC election are Bah Teinwell Dkhar Chairman of KHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai CEM of JHADC. Shillong, Jymmang 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today launched its Manifesto for the MDC Election 2019 at the DCA residence. The meeting was attended by UDP President Bindo M Lanong, UDP General Secretary Allantry Dkhar and Kyrmen Shylla.
The program was led by the Ambassadors of the Swachh Bharat Mission of the college appointed by the office of SDO(C) Mairang and was witnessed by the students, teachers and members of the Managing Committee of the college. .
Allfond urged the farmers to be wise and united and urged the office bearers to work hard for the benefit of the farmers.
I, page 411 of Financial Accounts 2022-23, Vol-II).
“We appreciate the cooperation of the department and we will complete the work soon,” he said.
New Delhi, July 11: Syed Ata Hasnain, Chancellor of the Central University of Kashmir (NDMA) and Member of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) on Tuesday said that the country can have all the advantages to move forward with the its people may have all the power to aspire to greatness.
Shillong, March 20: The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala has arrived in Guwahati today and will be laid to rest at his mother's house in Mawlai Phudmawri. last visit before burial have honors in the church.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that it is good news that the The Government of Meghalaya has passed in the Legislative Assembly in March 2012, a bill to determine how and how much funds will be allocated to the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids and Dorbar Hima. Hima to be prepared in terms of counting in this regard.
UDA leaders Titosstarwell Chyne, Teinwell Dkhar, Martle Mukhim, Bindo M Lanong and Pyniaid Sing Syiem have met with the Governor of Meghalaya to discuss the issue. It is up to the government to recommend to the Governor to remove the Administrator Rule from KHADC. At the same time, media reports said that The government will withdraw after the court gives its verdict on the case filed by Bah Latiplang Khorkongor in the High Court of Meghalaya.
These 40 deacons were ordained priests today in the presence of the priests from the church to pray for these new priests.
(Awake,rise,or be perished).
This road is the main road to many villages in the area, it is also the road to Wah Rashi, the most beautiful and famous tourist attraction in the area.
Meghalaya on Tuesday commemorated the 83rd death anniversary of Soso Tham, the great poet of Khasi Hills who has made a great contribution to the field of literature. Khasi.
Shillong, July 23: The UDP and HSPDP today held a meeting at the UDP office in Shillong to announce the name of Robert June. Kharjahrin to become the MP candidate from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Shillong, March 17: Ka KSU Mawkyrwat Circle will hold a sit in demonstration on 22.10.2019 at Mawkyrwat CHC from 11 am as a sign of protest against the Government's stinginess and negligence on these issues. Request for the appointment of a full time District Medical & Health Officer in South West Khasi Hills District.
The three suspects brought with them clean tyres, a 7.65 pistol, a 9mm pistol, an M20 magazine and five unused bullets.
“I am a school student like you in the past. I am like this because of my teachers and parents who taught me,” said Bah Syiem. Because in this time of shortage of Government jobs, it is only in the Police Department that many villagers are still getting Government jobs which cannot employ thousands of people.
Starlin Marak came second with a weight of 26.7 kgs.
Many of the residents of the village have found that it is closed without anyone working from time to time. They have also found that when they try to get money, they are told by the employees that there is no money.
The Congress party will go to the people in the 2018 elections on the works that the government has done for the development of the country over the years.
Shylla said that the Central Government's initiative to introduce Gram Sabhas in the villages is to ensure that the Central Government and the State Government implement the Panchayatiraj in the state by coming to the villages. This scheme which the Central Government wants to implement is part of the Eleventh Schedule of the Constitution of the country. 29 types of schemes and the Gram Sabha is one of them and so is NERGS. On the other hand, Bah Shylla said that if the central government wants to do it in this government or the state government , should fully implement the Eleventh Schedule of the Constitution of India, without affecting the Dorbar Shnongs which run through the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Youth Wing of Mawklot, Upper Shillong on 27th August 2016 held a General Meeting at the Executive Office of the Dorbar. Mawklot Village to re-elect the Office Bearers for the term 2016-1
He said that there is no problem with the land and the government will set up the Block Office and the Dorbar itself will provide it without any payment.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed that this will apply to all the states which hold mid-term elections and has directed that this should not be notified to all.
Referring to the idea of ​​putting forward a consensus candidate, Prestone said that even he is happy that all those in the government have to sit together and behind the scenes. that they will make a decision.
The party gives its full support to the government authorities and the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District as a whole.
It will take action to improve education, to assist students and will take issues to demand the improvement of scholarships, to demand that scholarships should be paid on time.
On this occasion, the KSU through a letter distributed, the KSU has made it clear that it is not the source of development as alleged against it, but there are parts. If those development projects affect the ownership, the people come first.
Through the RRC, in-service equipment will be recycled as well as compost will be made from the waste.
The union will now wait for what the state government will do for this purpose and what the NIOS office will do for this purpose to ensure that the results will be accurate so that the teachers can get the results. If there is no response from the government, they will discuss within the party how to do it.
“If the Act of the Central Government is implemented without looking into the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, then it would be meaningless to have district councils.
Shillong, March 26: Especially the mothers who have to pay for their families understand the increase in the price of food items, such as rice, sugar. , Dai, Umphniang, rice and the most expensive is Piat.
After that, the Seng Kur Warjri allocated funds to donate for the repair of the damaged house.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Ministry of Labor together with the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS) today celebrated the World Youth Skill Day at U Soso. Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Bah Rishot said that this is the first time in Mawlynnong that schools have come to hold such a programme.
Magistrates were also present on the occasion.
The two-day meeting was held at the Yojana Bhavan Auditorium.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEWU) today decided to end their strike after talks with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, in the presence of the management of GVK in charge of the EMRI 108 Ambulance in Meghalaya.
Answering questions, Sarita said she is ready to contest the MLA election, but she has not yet said whether she will contest the party, but she is still applying for ticket from the People Democratic Front (PDF). PDF).
Health check-up camps and yoga shivir have been conducted for their welfare.
Speaking to media, he said that the Congress party, which has 19 MLAs, will speak in the House on the Supreme Court's decision on coal. The leader alleged that the government has misled the people.
The AMSPA said that although it is clear that the State Government has not allowed the release of the SSLC Results as we are still in the midst of the fight against the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, March 09: Government vehicles have been sold.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that he hopes that the government will listen to this while the Ministry of Home Affairs has not yet accepted this proposal. The State Government will send these letters to these days.
According to the complaint written to me as the Minister of State, I see that there is an allegation that the Police are harassing, harassing and I don't dare to say that there is indeed harassment and there will be indeed that arrest. who has a thief.
Not only that, but from now on, many schools in urban and even rural areas will affiliate to the Central Board like CBSE/ICSE, and others like Pine Mount School. , BK Bajoria, Army School and many Central Schools in the State.
Shillong, July 29: Four persons have been arrested for allegedly robbing people in three places by a bike rider in Shillong. midnight 6/24/2022.
“They know they won't get it but they just want to show off, they will do it, they will turn India into a Hindu country and this is the dream of the BJP,” he said.
We look forward to the participation of more and more leaders in the film industry.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that in commemoration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence, the Central Government has awarded job certificates to 75,000 youth under this programme.
The flower competition was held in three parts, flowers planted in the yard, flower pots and flower arrangement. Those who came to take part were officers, mothers. and children belonging to the armed forces.
He recalled that during the struggle for independence, there were great men of the state, such as Kiang Nangbah, Tirot Singh, Patogan A Sangma and many others who fought against the British.
The Minister said that the inspection will continue to find out the cause of the death of the soh niamtra trees. for the judgment is still going on.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Muster Roll meeting held on 17th November 2018 at Mawsynram Village Council was held in a smooth manner. President Bah Mod Iawrod, Secretary Kong Jansi Kharraswai along with other leading office bearers of the unit to dedicate and work for the welfare of the Muster Roll members.
Zenith said that he does not have any objection to anyone but he does not have the right to appoint people who have the skills. It is true that no matter how intelligent people who have not received training are, it will be difficult to do the work.
All these winners will represent the District in the state competition.
Shillong Lajong FC scored the first penalty after Sunil Benchamin touched the ball with his hand and was sent a red card. on the field.
He started his race on 01 November 2017 from Wagha in Punjab and the aim is to support those who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
There are 167 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 78 from West Jaintia Hills and 45 from West Jaintia Hills. .
Speech was delivered by Samla Wallambok Syiemiong, Chairman of SSSS, SWKHD Unit who urged the Manad Youth Wing to work together with the Longkmie Wing and the Dorbar Shnong as three pillars to improve the welfare of the people. and to root out the backwardness.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Bah Isaac w Basaiawmoit this evening conducted a raid on drug users and dealers from Motphran to Stand Bhoi to fight against this crime.
The first thing Modi did was to turn the attention of the Central Government to fisheries.
The Indian Cyber ​​Crime Coordination Center (I4C), under the Ministry of Home Affairs, coordinates the fight against cybercrime in the country.
Shillong, November 03: U Conrad K Sangma today welcomed former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Abu Taher Mondal to the party at a meeting at the party office. in Lachumier.
Minister Duh said that everyone should understand the students.
Commander Shangpliang, Leader of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) which works for the farmers in the state, gave his full support to the AIKSCC. led by VM Singh on the same issue.
In this fiscal year, the payment of loans will be T.1,236/- crore, the pension for those who have retired from government service will be T.1,865/- crore, this is without counting. The total amount of T.3, 527/- crore.
On the other hand, the Defense Secretary will introduce the General Officer Commanding (GoC), Delhi Area, Lt Gen Vijay Kumar Mishra to the Prime Minister.
Speaking at the Inter School, Shri Swapnil Tembe IAS thanked the school principals, students who came to take part in the Inter School. All those who participate in sports have the goal of competing against each other but they should not lose hope even if they win or lose but they should be strong and he shall be born again at another time.
The intention of this person was to smuggle money from Bangladesh into India, but the BSF in the area are on high alert on the India-Bangladesh border to arrest these counterfeit money smugglers. .
According to information received at the meeting at the Dorbar Shnong, some of them said that even the Sordar has said that these mothers should not be given food because of political differences. “If these women are not given the food, the distributor will not be able to distribute the food and the fear is that if he comes with another man, these women will not get the food,” said Agnes.
Rahjingshai FC FC scored the first goal in the 10th minute through Riba Kharshiing. In the second half, Sanfida Nongrum FC opened the scoring. Rah Jingshai FC won the tiebreaker in the extra time and no one could score. Rah Jingshai FC won by 3 goals. Shillong, June 09: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum has said that the party is ready to nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections for the Mawrynkneng Constituency. The party is ready to nominate a candidate for the mid-term election for the Mawrynkneng Constituency.
Credit also goes to the police chiefs of East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills who have worked hard to bring these members of this rebel group to surrender before the law.
According to the rules, the sub division from other offices after promotion should be given to others who still need to benefit and not be destroyed.
Police said that the injured were taken to Mawsynram CHC for treatment. Out of the 45, 20 were discharged after treatment and 25 others are still undergoing treatment. .
The seized cattle were subsequently handed over to the Police Station Dangar for further necessary action.
This negligence of the people to ignore the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare by moving from one place to another has created a threat due to the rapid spread of the disease. COVID-19.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister said that the government is deeply concerned about the border issue and the Meghalaya government has already written to the Chief Minister of Assam to set a date. that there will be talks between the Chief Ministers of the two states.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Harkin Warjri Secretary Shnong Thynroit. The meeting was also attended by the leaders of the area including Bah Distiar Nongrum who is also the Secretary Shnong Thynroit. Sordar of Thynroid Village, Bah Shonroy Rynjah, Secretary of Laitkyrhong Village, Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, Bah Eusten Roy Nongrum, President VDP Thynroid and others.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Police of South Garo Hills District and BSF have seized 3000 grams of rupees from a vehicle carrying sugarcane while it was trying to enter Bangladesh. kilos of shine.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Syiem said that the group will work specifically for the development of the country. of the entire constituency which is backward in many ways.
And that is what a leader should do.
Sunil Bhagwat Chaudhari, Assistant Sub-Inspector, Central Railway, to Kanwarpal Yadav, Head Constable, Western Railway, to B.Vijaya Saradhi, Head Constable, TC-Maula Ali, Shri Rajender Singh, Constable, JJR RPF Academy, to Satpal, Shillong, Nailar 15: There are 13 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from East Khasi Hills. In Bhoi 1, South Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 5 cases.
On the other hand, the union also urges the government to turn to the villagers in terms of roads and as it is now it is doing what is necessary even in the midst of many shortcomings. they want the government to do it.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah MS Lhuid, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District and Ambrose Ch Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy.
However, the traders want to have an understanding with the farmers.
He said that an inquiry has been sent within a day to the police to verify the crimes caused by the police station. On the allegation that the police station in Lum Survey is a drug den, the DC said. He said that he is waiting for the report from the Police and after verification, measures will be taken to eradicate the crime.
However, police have not yet found the cause of the fire which destroyed 3 crore tyngka of equipment in these nine shops. Police are investigating the cause of the fire.
Isak Chisi Swu, along with Thuingaleng Muivah, who led the NSCN-(IM), attended peace talks with the central government in
Under the JJM, these states in the North East have been the best implementers of this scheme.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Former MLA of Laban Mawprem Manas Choudhury today said that he is thinking of filing a criminal case against those who accuse him. .
The District Planning and Development Council (DPDC) has met in Tura to discuss the budget for the year 2014-2015 in the district.
The Prime Minister said that according to the rules, two persons are allowed to stay in the same room but the rooms should not be large.
The Prime Minister did not disclose the name of the judge as he said a government announcement would be issued on the matter and the investigation would be completed within six months.
“Of course, during the rainy season we are a little happier because we have this wooden bridge that we built ourselves just to walk and stand but during the rainy season this bridge is flooded.
These bikes were taken to Jowai Police Station for further investigation.
Lyngdoh informed the Meghalaya Police that the Khasi girl left Meghalaya for Kolkata on 26th June this year.
On the same night, a petrol bomb exploded at the residence of the Chief Minister in Upper Shillong, which is his private residence.
The Deputy Commissioner said that it was found that many people who sell and buy agricultural products at Anjali Parking Lot have violated the rules by not wearing masks. The purpose of the shop is to provide a clean environment and to be able to comply with the rules and regulations laid down to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Meanwhile, the BJP has recently formed its State Election Committee. The announcement of the candidates will be in two parts.
Only those who are in good health can run a marathon.
Kharumnuid said that in 1988-90, he alleged that the Sordar of Raid Mawpdang had planned to sell 55 acres of land to the BSF but the village had opposed this. The project failed but it was in 2008 that the land was sold back to the rich without the knowledge of the people.
Within the Tasku Circle: Tasku Rim, Umlyngkdait, Umpaitlang, Lailad, Nongkynrih, Mawtamur, Mawpnar, Umlanniang and Umsohpai.
On the part of the President of the College, Bah B War, the Principal in collaboration with the Student Council within the College has taken the initiative to train the students not only in education but also in education. in games.
Referring to the CAA, he said he would not like to say anything as it is still in court. He said it is true that the BJP has included it in its election manifesto.
We don't want the present government to follow the example of the previous governments, especially the MUA-II government, which since 2014, has discussed and decided on the Entry & Expoint and other Comprehensive Mechanisms to protect the indigenous people of Meghalaya. However, we have not seen those illegal entry and exit gates as the previous state government.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday strongly condemned the excessive use of force by the police against the protesters against the construction of the factory. Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Jal Jeevan Mission – Har Gar Jal will provide water tanks to every household in rural areas by
But I am still in the world.
This is an area that the party is very concerned about because it destroys the nation.
Kyndiah alleged that the decision to dissolve the party was taken by the executive committee of the Sein Jaintia without consulting many churches of the party in Shillong.
He said that the aim of the Congress is to bring about a strong Khaddar rule, there should be no strong Khaddar rule.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union, Jowai, on Tuesday distributed food items to hundreds of poor families in many villages in West Jaintia Hills District. Shiv Mandir Committee, Jowai in the past months when we had to stay at home due to COVID-1
The contest for the Tura seat was between Darly of the Congress and Purno President of the NPP.
The Seng prays to God that through this new year, He will protect and protect the country and the nation from all these evils and also that He will bless the love, the brotherhood, unity among the children of the country and also that He will instill in them the spirit of patriotism and the spirit of righteousness in the service of the country and the nation.
Therefore, the KSU Umsning Circle has sent a letter to the Umsning Branch within three days or else it will take action to close down the branch in Umsning.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Future Youth Organization (FYOO) together with the students of Shillong today held a march in parts of Shillong to raise awareness among the people on the need to improve the quality of education in the city. of nature.
The Government has launched a scheme to provide training to youths who wish to go to teaching jobs by paying T.5000 per month to go to teaching jobs.
Members of HITO from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia have come to take part in this march which has been attended by more than 1000 members of HITO to express their protest against the shooting. face the teachers.
No one was injured in the blast.
Shillong, July 30: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 352 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Locals of West Khasi Hills were irked that the Medical Equipment meant for use at the Maternity and Child Health Hospital situated at Upper New Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills District has been diverted to Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
In this incident, while the police were trying to stop, they were stoned and injured. The damaged vehicles were not only civilian but also police vehicles.
Sibhi Chakravarthy Sadhu, IAS, District Magistrate and Returning Officer, 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, in accordance with the powers conferred on him, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit any illegal meeting, including the use of broadcasting equipment within 48 hours without permission before the polling day.
Narendra Modi announced the launch of the Prime Minister's Jan Arogya Abhiyaan on 25th November this year - the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay.
At present, the state government has not done anything on this issue and this issue has been going on since the 18th century. and Sarbananda Sonowal to implement their demand in Assam.
The golden symbol that he used to say until his death was that “The future generations will know that God did not create only the Negro, American, Chinese but gave them their share. that we may glorify him among all nations.
Shillong, June 27: The 18th Annual General Meeting of the Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) was held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong.
“MDA government, we strongly oppose your Work Permit for Bangladeshis.
To date, out of the 25 Khasi States, the KHADC authorities have already passed Acts in 12 Hima Khasi States, while 13 Hima Khasi States have not yet passed Acts or Rules. governed according to the customs and traditions which have not yet been made into Acts or Rules.
We request the authorities to look into and help the problem of the truck drivers.
In fact, to send stone to Bangladesh, only the shllan issued by the DMR office and the LC issued by the importer from Bangladesh, but in the meantime, many slips have been issued, such as COVID Slip, Parking Slip, and now a parking slip that they can't understand.
The Prime Minister said that after the power from above is the first power and after that the second power is the power of the people. There shall be no other authority beyond the authority of the people, so do not follow these rules.
On Tuesday, KSU members conducted a work permit search against foreigners working at JN Complex, Polo, Shillong.
Other members who attended the meeting included Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, Chairman, Podium Finish, Commission, MOSA.
Among these, East Jaintia Hills District is one of the worst affected districts.
More than 7.5 lakh people from across India will travel to Delhi to protest. Two people from Meghalaya will take part in the protest.
Shillong, July 14: The third ceremony was held today for the retired soldiers of Meghalaya. A total of 400 soldiers attended the ceremony.
New Delhi, Nailur 14: The National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) today released its report on the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS for the year long today.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 24 people have recovered from the disease today, while 103 people are still suffering from the disease. There are 30 people in hospital for treatment.
Johny Nongrum, as he said earlier in the Face Off on November 14, that he has 99.9 percent confidence in himself to defeat the opponent, so it happened as he said. .
In Meghalaya, football is one of the sports that all the people love and enjoy from the urban areas to the rural areas, but to promote it is difficult because it has not been developed properly. trust only the government.
Mawsynram Branch, which is a very important part of the branch.
All candidates contesting the mid-term MDC election will not be allowed to post any signs on the streets without the permission of the relevant authorities.
He said that the government's expenditure on foreign companies will cause a lot of damage to the state as a whole if the trained youth go to work in other states. That the State Government does not monitor those who get placements outside these companies whether they are entitled to jobs according to their training or are forcibly sent to other jobs that do not meet the job promise or you don't build the society.
Leaders of the KSU Central Executive Council led by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar in the presence of Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, Vice President Samla Pynshai Rani Publicity Secretary, Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet and Samla Iashanborlang Mukhim. They arrived in Delhi to confirm the new office bearers of KSU Delhi Unit on 29th June 2023 at Meghalaya House New Delhi.
Bah AL Hek MLA was also present.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have appointed Regional Committees to guarantee the seven areas which are still in the midst of the border dispute in the second phase of the border dispute.
To clarify the rules for issuing NOC from village, raid to Hima because for example, ATM shops have appeared, there is no parking space, the need to amend the Village & Town Committee Act 1960 and Rules 1962, the land records Ri Raid and Hima, the need for an education policy in primary schools which is a clear right under the Sixth Schedule where schools should study the history of Ri Khasi.
Speaking at the awarding ceremony on behalf of the Greater Laban Community Development Society, Ankur said many people have asked him how he feels about passing the IAS examination and why he chose it. ai is that it is only this job to contribute to the people and it is directly with the people.
“In fact, as civil society groups, we should have talked to the Khasi owners but surprisingly on Saturday (last month) they invited foreigners,” he said. he said.
According to the rule, the MLA election should be held within six months.
Shillong, Lber 06: The AAP Meghalaya State Unit has decided to file a PIL against MeCL for the excessive increase in the price of light bill in recent months, said Bah Anthony. Lyngdoh Secretary of the party in Meghalaya.
He said that all the shops in the market have been destroyed by 84 shops. He said that they don't know how to get back the shopkeepers. new said they can provide space however it will take 15 days or so.
Mr. F Kharkongor said.
Shillong, June 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that the Khasi National Awakening Day will be celebrated on the 4th of June
Lee Yong Lepcha, who dismissed five Meghalaya batters in their first outing, bagged another two scalps today, while Ankur removed Raj Biswa, who had made 85 in the first innings, for 22.
The union also warned to rally again if the BSF does not move and if they continue to harass the people.
At this public meeting, he said that it is not a pleasure that the Legislative Assembly has accepted the decision, but this is only the first time that the government has demanded the implementation of the ILP in the state. .
Shillong, July 18: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today imposed sections 144 CrPC 1973 and under sections 44 CPC 1973 together with the provisions of the Arms Act licensed will be deposited with the branches nearest to them.
At the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorumkhrah Golflink, Bah Michael Hek, in a meeting with the MLA, said that if it is run by the Tourism Department, the Dorbar Shnong will cooperate. The Shillong Golf Club will be opposed by the Dorbar Shnong as it will be the only source of income for the Club.
The government has sought an immediate report on the strike of the doctors and has directed them to reconcile with the authorities to save the people from the problem, he said. .
Baiarbor said their demand is clear that the government should appoint those who passed earlier and then those who passed later.
As it is until now, the people of this area are facing many problems in all aspects due to the neglect of the state government and this promise from the KHADC is probably the hope that they have been waiting for. that it may be implemented more quickly.
Because we cannot just listen to the government's attack.
There are 572 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 121 from West Garo Hills and 112 from West Garo Hills. The number of cases has risen to 60,3
The Shillong Municipal Board has already inspected these areas and will soon send an order to remove these illegal cow farmers from these areas.
He said that it is on this basis that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hima Rulers have decided to convene the Fourth Special Session of the National Assembly, at 10 am, 13th February 2013, at Madan Tirot Singh, Mission. Mairang, Hima Khadsawphra (Nongkhlaw), as part of the appeal to the Government of India to take action on all these issues, and invited and urged all to attend the Dorbar Bah of all the Hima of Hynniewtrep and Garro.
Former CEM of GHADC Boston R Marak resigned from the post of CEM on Tuesday after the NPP came to power in the government.
Regarding this incident, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the MPSO have demanded that the police should take strict action against the suspect. run.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Two UDP MDCs, Paul Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw, have submitted a letter of support to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday. The committee you led.
Phyrnai thanked her parents, relatives and especially her brother who has always encouraged her in her journey as an athlete.
For more than two months, there has been no sign of the Rangbah Shnong's attention to do his duty as directed by the BDO's office. The Dorbar Shnong urged the Dorbar Shnong to expedite the election of new office bearers of the VEC especially the Secretary so that the NREGS scheme will benefit the people of the village and inform the same to the office. The BDO of Saipung Block will be appointed on 30th October as directed by the office.
Our leaders at that time did not remember to look at this exclusion clause for Block I and Block II even though it appears clearly in the Act.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya mentioned the cleanliness of Mawlynnong which is the cleanest village in Asia. households, public places, urban areas and if this can be done, the objective of Swachh Bharat can be achieved.
These films were distributed domestically for promotional and marketing purposes.
There are 472 cases in the state, 33 cases in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in South Garo. Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 4 cases.
They requested the government to allocate funds for this road which falls under the PMGSY scheme so that the people of the area can easily travel in all aspects.
The filing of nomination papers for the MP election will start on the 15th of this month and end on the 22nd of this month.
Momin, 39-Resubelpara and Herrendro A Sangma, 41-Songsak and Thomas N Marak, 42-Rongjeng and Rapiush Ch Sangma, 43-Williamnagar and Raknang Ch Momin, 44-Raksamgre and R.Mark Benedic .
Out of these 27374 candidates who wrote the HSSLC examination, 21833 candidates passed the examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong regarding the increase in the number of BSF troops from the border to residential villages to search food trucks on the Mawkyrwat-Ranikor highway and also from Mawsynram to Ranikor.
After experiencing water shortage in the past 40 years, through the launch of the Jal Jeva Mission, the Government of Himachal Pradesh has worked hard to improve the working methods and implement these measures to ensure water supply. water in every household in rural areas.
After the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that a group of seven MLAs from Garo Hills have been selected to visit the Garo Hills. Hills to appeal to the people to maintain peace.
Secondly, the incident was caused by the theft of timber by the Khasi-Pnars from Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Shillong, November 07: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS, said that the discussion on how to develop Meghalaya in the field of trade is still in its infancy compared to other states in India. Pariah.
The PM Vishwakarma Yojana has been launched for Vishwakarma friends.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma congratulated the management of the Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang on its 25th Anniversary. he spoke about the progress of this hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DTo said that he has already informed the Commissioner Secretary of Transport regarding this issue and until now it has not been possible to repair or get the necessary equipment.
Mawkyrwat, July 14 : The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the Indian Meteorological Department (India Meteorological Department) has announced that the rainfall will continue till 18th July The District Disaster Management Authority (DDA) Mawkyrwat has warned the residents of Rilang, Umngi and other villages living along the riverbanks and riverbanks in Mawkyrwat District. they will be vigilant and to notify the following numbers if there are any incidents.
The group also condemns the statements of various Sikh groups who have come from abroad to challenge the domestic affairs of our State and also who have come to sow the seeds of ethnic discrimination through this issue. without knowing and understanding the meaning of this work.
When they stopped the vehicle, they found that the driver and others inside the vehicle were drunk. The driver of the vehicle, Bah Mintra Kurbah, stopped with the intention of doing something to the government vehicles. the place where they were waiting for the interior minister.
The drugs were burnt by the Police and later by the employees of Star Cement under the supervision of the Supervisor.
In a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU, the HFU cannot forget that it was the introduction of the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act 1978 which banned foreigners from buying land in Meghalaya which opened the door for us farmers to protect the tribal land in the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills of Meghalaya.
Regarding the roads in Garo Hills, the Chief Minister has directed the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council to issue the NOC for the construction of the roads. The most difficult road to build now will be from Chokpot to Williamnagar which will have to pass through the Durama Hills.
The Assistant General Secretary of the Association of Qualified Grade-IV-2011 said that the purpose of the indefinite strike is to force the government to appoint a qualified Grade-IV-2 All those who have passed the examination conducted by the District Selection Committee of the Government.
The seized cows are worth T.69000/- tyngka.
In his speech, Zenith M Sangma said that they are concerned about the problem of teachers and it is their duty to inform the government in the Legislative Assembly and they will take the necessary measures according to the rules. to discuss this matter in the House.
Ma SS Niangti, General Secretary KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit was also present on the occasion.
After this inspection, the PWD has dismissed the old contractor.
Shillong, March 13: U Bah Manstudy Nongrem MDC of Ranikor, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, today raised a motion in the House on the issue of Speaking in the House, Bah Nongrem said that the KHADC should do something regarding the recording of the boundaries of the Hima, Village and Townships within the KHADC. The KHADC should mark the boundary of the Hima especially on the border with Assam because as it is now one government after another cannot resolve the boundary between these two states. .
At this time, it was said that he had the mobile to ringdur the cows. After receiving this, they knieh forcibly stole the mobile and told to take him to Siro Point. and two women came to help him.
In his speech, the Minister said that it is necessary to preserve our traditional music and dress and now the students are looking for ways to preserve them. keep the old customs and traditions.
The Rangmaw Sub Center will serve 12 villages while the Lyngkien Sub Center will serve 7 villages.
We are not talking about (contribution) to the Government's Budget, but we are talking about Human Resources, we have contributed a lot for the benefit of the state.
Shillong, July 1: The Prime Minister of India, Shillong, today held a discussion on the Class XII examinations of the CBSE. the opinions of those involved in this work including the State Governments.
He said that if the insurgency in the state, the central government and the state government should not take responsibility, as the civil society does not want this to happen but if the central government and the state government do not take action. say don't play with young people.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare informed that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has approved to pay an additional T.1000 and to include the payment of T.2,000 Fixed Incentive from the State Government.
In today's age, skills-based education is more important than education in schools and colleges.
The union thought that these would save the people from the increasing light outages but it has not happened.
He said that for example, the collection of light bill from the office in Chokpot is only 12.86%, from Baghmara 12.12% and from Mendipathar is only 22.64%. , compared to Sohiong alone, the electricity bill is 82% and East Khasi Hills is 83.91%.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Monindra Rava has passed away. The staff of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of him.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow morning at the Catholic Cemetery in Laitumkhrah.
Another poor woman has fallen into the same hole and has been injured and fortunately no one has found her to rescue her.
The theme of the conference is 'Geo-enabling the Global Village' and this can be seen in the steps taken by India in the past years. depth.
At this meeting, they demanded that Mawlai should be removed from the list of urban areas.
Why can't you take a decision on the demand to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth grade? Why don't you take a decision? What has been done in the past 47 years? Now that this government has taken a decision, the question arises, whether it will not hide from responsibility.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (TAP) Claudia Lyngwa on Tuesday said that the door is still open for the peace talks of the HNLC.
According to the Population Census which is one of the criteria for getting the status of CHC, PHC Namdong is too qualified to get the status.
Momin President of the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) has expressed his deep sorrow over the death of a tourist who went to Tura.
The candlelight vigil was held to express condolences on the death of Das at the hands of unknown persons.
On the other hand, the president invited and urged other youths of the village who have not yet joined the Seng Samla to join hands to become Nongbah. He also announced that the Seng Samla will soon hold an Enrollment Drive to recruit more youth from the villages and townships. the various villages of Mawklot Village.
The new DGP, Idashisha Nongrang, took over the post on the same day as the former DGP, but the name of the new DGP has not appeared on the website of the Meghalaya Police Department for nine days.
Therefore, as the leaders of all the political parties, we would like to send our special thanks to the indigenous people of the state who have been a strong support. “We express our gratitude to the people who share the responsibility and understand that the Sengbhalang demands the ILP. for the benefit of the indigenous people in this and future generations.
Estar Lyngdoh, husband of Ebina Kharbani, resident of Nonglait village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has passed away since 9th June, 2024 after leaving home today. .
The party sends its condolences to the families of the victims, said Bah David Kharsati State Vice President.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to the Zero Hours petition by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on the issue of Income Tax, The Chief Minister said that this part does not fall under the state government but is part of the central government.
2013 is the year when the state will go to the elections to elect new leaders.
Enforcing Section 144 CrPC, the DC said that she has received information that some people have been throwing dynamite, using jars and using drugs to kill fish in these areas. They are the Umngot, Umlow and Umngi.
On this day, free dental treatment was provided to the students.
: Former Pastor of Sumer Pastorship in East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Remington Pasleiñ, has admitted that he witnessed the theft of votes at Pala Polling Station in Sutnga-Saipung Constituency. The Lok Sabha elections will be held on 19th June,
Police have alleged that it was because of his speech that led to the march from Madan Student to Motphran on the day the CSWO held a public meeting at Madan Student.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Director General of Prisons in Meghalaya, Prem Singh, today said that two employees of Tura Jail have been temporarily suspended and dismissed immediately. three times.
Regarding the rape of a 16-year-old girl in West Jaintia Hills District, the committee has received an explanation from the district police chief and it is understood that they have done what was necessary.
Therefore, the CAA 2019 is unfair, discriminatory and violates the rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Therefore, the Union requests all SSA teachers in the State to come out in order as agreed on that day.
The meeting was organized by Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, President, and office bearers of Nongspung Hima Youth Association with the support of Bah M Rani, Acting Chief. , and Bah D Syiemlieh, Secretary, including the Sordars of Village, and the office bearers of Nongspung Hima.
During these four days of Le Iaw, the children of Niamtre dance and celebrate with ksing, dhah, bhuri and bikur along with the rituals to honor the Creator.
The Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister have made a mistake in announcing that there is no CEM in KHADC, but the hold on power when the majority is lost will be even worse, especially when there is no CEM. any spirit you work.
The best students in their studies were Computer, Anjali Kumari, Computer-Intermediate, Computer, Accounting, DTP (Part I): Karina Rai and Jiwanta Sinhana and other higher education.
In this regard, the KSU Laban Circle has sent a complaint against the authorities and also against the contractor who invited these foreigners to work without permission from the authorities and without registering with the KSU. You can visit the portal of the Meghalaya Covid website.
This means that it will cover all the State and District Council Courts.
These differences make it difficult to reach a final decision on the meaning of the term 'terrorism', to draw a general opinion on the meaning of the term 'terrorism' The celebration of the day in India has also made it illegal for any group or organization especially those freedom fighters like Tirot Singh, Subhash Chandra Bose, Bhaghat Singh who fought against the colonialists. by the way of bloodshed.
The meeting will start from Mothpran and will continue to spread to other parts of the state.
He said that people plant trees for wood and other purposes, so 80% of the land will be planted with long-lived trees and 20% will be planted with plants to feed the animals. , plantings and landscaping to prevent the felling of trees.
The Director said that 117 cases have been recovered today, 97 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi and 2 cases in North Garo Hills. after.
The production of electricity is essential, but we must strive to be responsible for reducing its consumption and using energy efficient equipment, as part of reducing the increase in electricity consumption. lyer waste.
The NPP PAC met under the chairmanship of Bah W.Kharmujai, President, Shillong City of the National People's Party (NPP). Kharpuri Chief Organizer and Mr. Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga, Advocate.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 419 and the total number of recoveries so far has risen to
The leaders expressed their gratitude to the police and health workers for the good work they have done in the fight against COVID-1
On the other hand, the residents who have to pass through this road to Jaintia Hills to West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills demand that the authorities in charge of this area should clean up this road. let's go.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement sent to the media said that after the seizure of Ganja, police have arrested Babulal Sheikh, 48 years old. I am from the State of Maharashtra.
Rev Basaiawmoit also filed his nomination as an independent candidate but was supported by the CPF and two political parties HSPDP and KHNAM. On the other hand, Rev Basaiawmoit acknowledged that there is hope of victory and appealed to the people to support him in this election.
“If even the first batch of NIOS is treated so badly, the next batch of NIOS will face problems”.
Nongnah-Nongkdait Sports Club defeated Thiepdiengngan Sports Club in the final of the 2nd Wickliff Syiem Memorial Football Tournament 2023 organized by KSU Ranikor. Circle and Nongnah Unit was held at Nongnah village on Saturday last month.
The program was conducted by HH Mohrmen President of SURE, Jowai and was chaired by Bah AA Shullai Em JHADC. Wahlang Officer from SP Office, D. Bareh Consultant from VHAM and other experts.
The new Bill also stipulates that it should have its own fund to support these people with disabilities and this fund will be known as the National Fund.
Police have seized 72 kilos of Ganja. Police have urged the youths not to get involved in these drug traffickers who have destroyed the lives of the youths. call lawer to work together to eradicate evil.
The country has lost only one species of big cat since we gained the independence of the country.
Charles said that the people of the area have now understood about the COVID-19 pandemic, today they went to close the footpaths that enter and leave the area. to Jagiroad in Assam.
Dr Nonglait said that if the Central Government respects the Khasi people, it should include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. It is the Central Government's insult to the Khasi people after the Khasi language has been completely destroyed.
"The government has refused to call for talks with the drivers and that is why it has taken a decision without calling for talks to increase the price of fuel. " said Jyrwa.
The two constituencies that will have to go back to the polls are Ranikor ST Constituency and South Tura ST Constituency.
In the complaint, the KJNU said that the Jowai By-Pass connects Meghalaya with other states in the North East, such as Assam and Mizoram. Thousands of vehicles, both small and large, pass through this road.
H.Mukhim, President and Eveningstar Trang, Secretary, said that Jio should implement the tower as soon as possible. .
India currently ranks 63rd out of 190 countries in the World Bank's Doing Business Report (DBR)
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHADC) has decided to take seriously the plight of the people on the border who are facing problems due to the border dispute between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have completed the first phase of the boundary demarcation and now the second phase has been started after the creation of the KHADC. Regional Committees to resolve the seven areas which are still in the midst of border dispute.
“The KSU, due to the negligence and inability of the leaders of the state, will not refuse to cooperate with other groups to come forward to fight for the rights and the KSU will continue to fight for the demand. He recalled that the North East Students Organization (NESO) has been holding meetings since 2019 and has also held curfews. In the same year, NESO appealed to the Supreme Court to demand the repeal of the CAB.” There has been a hearing once and yesterday there was another but we are a little happy that the Supreme Court has divided the 327 petitions into two parts, that is, the petitions from the Rithor States have their own petitions. from the Eastern Hemisphere.
No.9856760256, Ph.D.
There are four LCSs in Khasi Hills, Bagli and Borsora under the jurisdiction of Borosra LCS, Shella LCS and Majai LCS under the jurisdiction of Shella LCS. They are the export points of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Hedrian said that part of this road falls under the West Khasi Hills District and mostly in the Eastern Hills District. Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District in this regard.
Regarding the members of the ANVC(B), it is not the fault of the government but that they have not provided sufficient bank accounts to deposit the money. Only 11 people have been able to provide sufficient accounts so far.
“said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The arrested person is still in the custody of the police and the investigation against him is ongoing to find out more about the group involved with the arrested person.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that it will submit a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on the regulation of employment and recruitment in the state. he was present on that day.
The Steering Committee urges the Kurs to send three or five members from each Kur to attend the meeting especially those 48 Kurs who were present on the day of the Steering Committee.
In this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, requested and urged Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC that the KHADC authorities should take action to expedite the enactment of Laws and Rules which shall preserve, improve, and enhance the Customs and Traditions.
The family members of these newly recruited soldiers were present on this occasion and this was a memorable day not only for these soldiers but for all the family members who came to witness this ceremony. great day.
The recent issuance of the announcement has delighted the foreigners living in Majai, who celebrated by burning pakata bombs and dancing,” said the statement.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U Process T Sawkmie MLA of Mawlai today said that the people of Mawlai should not worry because Mawlai will not fall under the urban area in the current census.
Answering questions, Dr Sridhar said that the main reason why children get diseases especially asthma is due to the excessive pollution of plastic in the environment. alcohol and cigarette smoking during pregnancy has not been proven but the effect is that children born to those who drink alcohol or cigarettes are weak.
"The appointment will be effective immediately," the statement added.
She said that according to the Lokayukta Act, 2014, the Government has received complaints in the selection of the members appointed to the Lokayukta including the posts of Director of Inquiry and Director of Prosecution.
This shows that they have violated the District Council Act.
Although the Prime Minister did not specify the delay in the collection of light bills by MeECL from the people, he said that MeECL should resolve all the issues according to the current technology and the people of the state should also have access to electricity 24X7
These villages already have dirt roads and the village leaders expressed the hope that the MLA will strive hard to bring in schemes from the PWD department so that these roads can be improved. to make it easier for the people to travel and especially to prevent traffic jams especially now that the rainy season has come.
On the other hand, the union will take a decision after receiving a letter from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The stinginess and haste of the MBOSE to bring about the change in the textbooks shows that there may be something behind it.
For more information, participants can call +91 8575041333 (President) and +91 9856912528 (General Secretary) RBBA and MSBA officials. (SP News).
The Pathrkhmah Model Degree College, which was constructed five years ago, has been completed for the purpose of getting its own Government College. started to complete and also to implement it by
Therefore, the BJYM, Meghalaya requests the authorities to ensure that the students enter the school and also the hostel residents, because we want this school to be a shlem saindur. to bring glory to our state and also to improve the society and not to become a hotbed of crime such as drug trafficking.
Other office bearers are George Ryntathiang as Vice President, Michelle Rapsang as Vice President, Favinous L Nongbri as General Secretary, Careen Wahlang as Assistant General Secretary and Gideon Suting as Assistant General Secretary. , Richmond Langstieh as Organizing Secretary, Rani Warbah as Asst Organizing Secretary, Iba Rynthathiang as Asst Organizing, Ibanjob L Mawnai as Publicity Secretary, Erick Mawthoh as Asst Publicity Secretary, JeoJeo Albert Syiem as Asst Organizer Publicity Secretary, Bah Meban K Wahlang as Sports Secretary.
However, they should conduct examinations so that the students can come and write at the centres.
The Meghalaya government has kept these prices secret from the public, but in its press releases it has encouraged the public to receive T.1.6 lakh for 10 years of treatment from the government. five persons per household.
“We are also surprised that this committee has not been appointed to complete all the work.
He explained that according to their demand, to include 52 villages in the Mawhati area, the population of the village is more than 21,000 according to the 2011 census.
The National Anthem, Emblem and Lama were launched by the Lamphang along with the Prime Minister's Secretary, Leader of the Opposition and Commissioner and Secretary, Dr Andrew Simons.
NEHUSU and KSU NEHU Unit have lodged their complaints with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla demanding immediate action against this incident which has shocked the students. women within this university.
He said don't think that the relationship between the NPP and the UDP will end, they will not support the Congress party, they will stand together for the development of the state in all aspects of development. He was speaking during the election campaign held in Murchapani and Garabokmangre in Ampati Constituency today.
The ANVC(B) has decided to bring the Commander-in-Chief of the GNLA to the peace talks in collaboration with the people of Garo Hills for the sake of peace and stability in Garo Hills. .
Gillroy Tariang and Lamdibok Sumer from War Central Constituency, Hat Pohchen and Het Pohthmi from War West Constituency.
Sirsa's visit is also due to the fact that there are some people who do not want to take advantage of this incident by spreading false news.
In 2014, Bah Dkhar joined the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship, Shillong and was sent for 10 days training to teach Dobby and Jacquard Machine at the Regional Silk Technology Research Station, Khanapara. They were also sent to GIZ CCA NER Shillong for three months training at the Silk Weaving Training Center at Central Silk Board, Bangalore.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi, one in South Garo Hills, one in West Garo Hills and two in West Jaintia Hills. There are 339 cases of COVID-19 in the state.
Answering questions, he said that they don't know any other parts that the government hasn't changed because they haven't seen it. law to protect the civil society but they want a strong law to protect the nation.
According to Bah Basaiawmoit, Sordars, Syiems, Ministers and any village authorities cannot own land and their authority is to rule the heads of the people.
The contest in Shillong seat will be between Congress candidate Vincent H Pala and Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP and in Tura between Agatha K Sangma of the NPP and Dr Mukul Sangma of the Congress. .
He said the idea is to urge the government to create the necessary mechanisms to evict the metor drivers from Iewmawlong area as their presence in the area has been the reason. danger to the movement of people.
Referring to the Congress party's statement in the Garo Hills MP election, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the NPP will be dissolved in 2018, but as the result of the election is that the Congress party will This will be the case in Meghalaya in
In fact, he said that the example of cooperation with the Congress is good in the District Council which we have seen for the past five years.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will meet the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shamuganathan to submit to the Governor the names of the ministers whom he has resigned. The time will also be for the names of the ministers who will be sworn in tomorrow.
The PMMY has also done well in terms of openness to all.
In his speech, Bah Pyniad Sing Syiem, Chairman of KHADC, said that the Sixth Schedule was passed in 1950 but the opening of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council was on 27/0 /1952 and the purpose of the United at that time was to unite the Khasi Himas and the areas under British rule.
Shillong, Lber, 11: Police on Tuesday seized 18 kilograms of Kynja worth T.70,0
At the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the rules relating to the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act will be issued before the celebration of the Independence Day of India. those relating to the prohibition of illegal trade in the name of the state residents will be issued after November.
Thus, the PMKSK initiative has played a major role in the empowerment of farmers and the strengthening of the country's economy.
Other speakers on the occasion were Neil Antonio War of the BJP, Hedrian Lyngdoh, Jansing Tynsong, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Monringstar Mawsor, Adelbert Nongrum and Don Sumer. , Laitiplang Kharkongor, Albinus Lyngdoh, Lamphrang Blah, Rona Khyndei and Victor Rani.
Furthermore, due to the landslide of Cyclone Remal in West Jaintia Hills, the Quick Reaction Team of the Civil Defense and Home Guards District led by Sub Inspector Y. Challam on the morning of 28th June, clean up the fires in Dulong village which have disrupted the traffic and endangered the lives of the people and pedestrians.
He was also found guilty of kidnapping a coal trader in Gasuapara and recovered Rs 5 lakh from the coal trader.
Volunteers were on the road along with the police to ensure that people should not enter and leave the area according to the announcement of the District Administration.
On the last day of the 6th after the mastieh (male) and hinih (kynthei) dance during the darkness of the sky, the prayer of phirat, thanksgiving to God the Lord of Bongbuh was completed. Nongthaw who blessed the customs and traditions before lowering the flag of the Seng at Madan Shad Raikohhmit by one of the Rangbah Elders of the Seng Khasi Kynmynsaw before leaving Madan Shad for Iingseng.
The Shillong-Jowai road is in deterioration from Mawryngkneng in East Khasi Hills District to Ummulong in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Mawsynram Constituency People's Welfare Association (MCWA) Shillong has sent its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the cyclone last night. 9th of this month.
The G-20 is a platform for international cooperation in economies that account for 85% of the world's GDP, more than 75% of the world's trade and about two-thirds of the world's people of the world.
Replying to a special motion by the Congress MLAs in the Synrai Dorbar on Friday, Conrad said that the formation of the five-member committee does not mean that there will be only one committee. 5, but the opinions of all stakeholders and village leaders will be accepted and taken into consideration.
The party invites all members of the party from former CEC members, members of Districts, Circles and Units to attend this confirmation day.
On the part of Bah Milon Warjri, Chairman of the group, he explained the purpose of the song.
Four candidates have filed their nomination papers for the 13th Mawrungkeng (ST) Assembly constituency, Highlander Kharmalki of the INC, Pyniaid Singh Syiem of the NPP, Erson Marwein of KHNAM, Arbiangkam Kharsohmat and Norbert Marboh. individual candidates.
Another proposal submitted by the teachers to the Commission is to implement the National Pension Scheme for retired teachers, to provide medical benefits and also to extend the retirement age from 60 to year.
These students expressed their gratitude to the State Government for taking the initiative to bring them safely home in such a situation where they have faced difficulties and anxieties while far away from home. home.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Executive Committee of the Seng Kur of Mei-Sin and her children, which met at Nongthymmai, Shillong on Saturday, 6th November, There are women, women who have dignity like Kong Tailin Lyngdoh who wherever they are, they live, they work, they dress well, whether inside their own country or abroad. Tailin Lyngdoh, who has been insulted in the traditional Khasi dress, is different from the Delhi Golf Club. The Executive Committee has approved.
A strategy on testing is critical to helping India’s efforts to reduce HIV, address stigma, and help patients access treatments quickly.
Speaking to media, Paullius Thyrniang said that this is only the beginning and the party will continue to conduct raids from time to time.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested a man named Asotosh Das and investigation is ongoing to find out where these weapons came from and where he intended to send them.
Shillong, Lber 12: U Bah Korti L Nonglait has been arrested for allegedly driving his 11 year old son in a jeep near Sanker Hospital in Mawlai Mawroh.
If the bill is passed in Parliament, 37,334 Indians will become Bangladeshis and 14,215 Bangladeshis will become Indians.
Less than this amount will not be accepted.
However, what surprised the union is that not a single Khasi or the villagers living in these villages have been employed in the project.
Similarly, many in the villages exchange books or put their brothers and sisters who went to school together to read the same book.
Tura, Jymmang 20: Meghalaya Police today shot dead four members of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) at Chiokgre, near Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
The Director said that most of those who tested positive for COVID-19 were in contact with those who had confirmed cases. In East Khasi Hills, 22 cases have been confirmed and 11 cases have been confirmed. The death toll from the disease has risen to 94 in the state.
There is also a beautiful valley further away from this two-storey bridge.
Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 59 Kg ) Ebiangmi Langstang (West Jaintia Hills District) (Gold) Khrawjutang Kharsyntiew (Eastern West Khasi Hills District) (Silver) Kamkambata Ch.
The Prime Minister said that once these two places are completed, he hopes that the shortage of oxygen will disappear.
Bah Lyngdoh said that they have resigned from the party, not as Executive Members, and now it is up to the party whether it accepts or not, but Bah Pynshngian N Syiem is still the leader of the party. PP, if you call, I'll talk to you.
This is according to a statement sent by Aristotle Rymbai.
In a meeting with the members of the union, MS said that the preparations for the Blood Storage Room have been completed except for some of the requirements inside the Blood Storage Room. He said that the hospital authorities will soon send training to the MO in charge of this department and also to provide the requirements such as License and others according to the government's guidelines.
The BJP's aim is to make Bri Hynniewtrep a home for Hindus from Bangladesh to strengthen their bank.
Another police officer who sustained injuries to her chest was Smti Queenie Fancon, Assistant Commandant of SF-1
He was released as Commissioner of Transport.
The main issues were progress on the 4th landing of the Nyan.
There are 11 cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 21 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 542 cases in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in North Garo Hills, 277 cases in Ri Bhoi, 49 cases in South Garo Hills and 29 cases in South West Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills 20, West Garo Hills 76, West Jaintia Hills 60 and West Khasi Hills
Tura, Jymmang 17: The Catholic Church has decided to close all schools in Garo Hills on the 20th of this month to protest against the order of the rebel group to pay money to the government. That day, they claimed three lakh tyngka.
The FDA says it has approved four menthol-flavored e-cigarettes made by Njoy, the name of the cigarettes acquired by Altria, a major tobacco company. well, that also sells Marlboro cigarettes.
Since previous years, the party has had to close down offices, schools and others for this reason.
He also urged the residents on the need to create a better environment especially for the children and students.
The 27 people from the state who left for these two countries were not visiting the holy places in these two countries, but due to the sudden clash of people from the state and they dwelt in Bethlehem.
She said that this is the second time that the school has submitted application forms in June. Banshai said that he has gone to talk to the school. The school has suspended the application, but now Natiung has applied again and when he went to meet, he could not meet with the management of the school.
The ARPA as of now under the leadership of Bah Ardent has 17 members.
Police at 7.30 pm today reached the scene of the protest by MEMRIWU members in front of the GVK office in Lawmali.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum Working President of the party was also present to witness the swearing in ceremony along with the party office bearers.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Coordination Committee on International Boarders (CCIB) led by Bah Sukkynjai Myrshiang as Chairman and Bah Kmen Myrshiang as Secretary. Member of KHADC to urge the Executive Committee not to issue NOC until the border with Bangladesh has been resolved.
When the people of the state come from any state, the government orders them to quarantine, why don't the truck drivers do the same, doesn't this disease affect the drivers, the whole world knows. There is no difference between the rich and the poor.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The State Government has intensified the search operation for insurgents operating in Garo Hills to prevent them from postponing the Assembly elections scheduled for the 23rd of this month. this month.
Shillong, July 27: Member of the National Commission for Safai Karamcharis of the Union Government today said that the report of the High Level Committee should be awaited regarding the issue in Themiew Mawlong. and likewise the decision of the court.
Shillong, July 16: Neil Anotonio War MDC of Malki-Laitumkhrah today joined the United Democratic Party (UDP). Paul Priest.
The relatives of Steffanie immediately went to the residence of Kong Steffanie and admitted that they found signs of injury on her neck. The incident was committed by the wife of Bah Trophius Nongbri.
Shembhalang L Chyne is from Mawlong village and this will be his first time to contest the MLA election.
The party congratulates the media, who have worked tirelessly to ensure that all the people receive accurate information and news.
On the same day, an Art competition for children, a cultural program for the villagers, and prizes were awarded to the winners.
Conrad said that the meeting will be held within 45 days and in the meantime they will also seek the opinion of the authorities.
Secretary Samla Cardinus Umdor, Education Secretary Samla Wallambor Mawlong, Asst.
When we turn to the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, we remember that the people of the state have strongly opposed this Act because it says that all the coal mines in India have been destroyed. Section 3 of the Act states that only the Government of India may operate coal mines or only companies or persons granted lease by the Government. India.
Due to the increasing number of cases of theft and robbery, they demanded that there should be a Police Station in Nongjri.
The document also directed Bah Aiban to run the government together with the Executive Dorbar to appoint the Ministers of various villages to be elected by the Dorbar and to call for this and send the names of those members shall be submitted to the Executive Committee for approval.
Shillong, July 20: The IPR Department of the State Government has announced that it will start selling the Government Almanacs for the year 2017 from Monday, 23rd of this month at its office at Lowerlachumier. .
Shillong, November 24: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, in a statement, said that such a government has the right to continue to rule in the state. “This is to inform all the public that the police will conduct tighter patrolling on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve throughout Shillong”.
Hundreds of members of the KSU have attended the protest.
Another problem is that the market is filled with cheaper products from outside the state.
When asked, the President of the KSU said, “To be honest, the gates that the Government has set up are “Zero.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong Mawpait Tlongpleng today under the leadership of the Minister of PWD Road, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh met with the Executive Engineer (EE) of PWD Road, Mawsynram Division, Bah TS Basan.
The KSU leader said that the KSU is against the CAA and from now on they will not explain this to the public. At the same time, he urged the religious organizations to find out whether they belong to any religion. but the nation is one.
When asked, he said, “We don't know but the Government should explain, the Ministry of Health should explain.
Meanwhile, Phibankyntiew died at 4:00 pm.
We have also introduced a cess on the export of petrol, diesel and ATF and a tax on domestic petroleum products to prevent petroleum producers from taking advantage of unlimited profits which will have to be paid. bah to u public.
Security measures have been directed to be provided to protect political party workers and candidates according to the risk perception, especially in states like Chhattisgarh and Jammu & Kashmir.
: The farmers of War Jaintia Hills, Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills have recently informed the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to find solutions to the price hike. The farmers living in the Amlarem area on the border with Bangladesh have been affected by the floods.
He said many states have tried to host the tournament but the Indian Chess Association has chosen Meghalaya to host the tournament.
One soldier from the Assam Regiment has tested positive for COVID-19 in Meghalaya today.
“Don't trust anyone, they will kill you later,” urged Titos to the new CEM. He said that the new CEM is also a close friend of his. name production).
During the inspection, the union also found Kynja and thyrnia injection drug.
He said that the government has already issued all the guidelines that the schools should follow. He said that the government has not consulted everyone. village in schools whether to open or not and village in parents whether to send their children to schools.
Regarding the call of the teachers to continue the strike, the Executive Committee of the meeting approved the decision to continue the strike until the government decides on the demand. increase salaries.
Kaseng said that the government should take immediate action to avoid the harassment of Bangladeshis who have been coming to power from time to time to steal agricultural products. region.
To fully implement and empower the Village Authorities to curb drug abuse and establish a Village Level Committee on Drugs Abuse.
When contacted by SP News Agency, police of Laitumkhrah Police Station said that the deceased was sent to the Civil Hospital for postmortem. Police have not yet announced.
The farmers should not issue the correct receipt to the farmers because as it is now, they only issue the receipt with copy papers and this has caused problems to the farmers.
The policeman who tested positive for COVID-19 was taken to hospital.
Shillong, July 26: Meghalaya will hold the MLA elections in October 2023 in six months to elect the leaders of the Legislative Assembly. prepare their own things.
Pala said the refusal of the district authorities to issue the NOC shows that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has the support of the BJP government in Delhi and the government leaders from Assam.
In his speech, the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that this is the first time that a leader of the people has passed away while the House is in the middle of the session. On the other hand, Lamphang sent his condolences to his wife, children and prayed that his soul will rest in peace. eternal light in heaven.
“The garbage from the households was also found to be dumped directly into the river and the garbage was spread without respecting the environment.
The training should last between three to four hours and schools should have a consultation with the nearest health centers to see if there is any urgent health need.
The Government's opening up of job opportunities to the youth is to provide employment opportunities and to help them become more skilled in the job they want to do.
Comments can be sent by email within 30 days of publication of this statement.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma will arrive in Shillong tomorrow, 13th November, 2023 to inaugurate the Karbi Hemtum House at Laban. foundation stone for hostel for students.
Also present on the occasion were Rembrandt Iakmenlang Kharnaior, Lamkynto Durim and Bah Banjop Leo Kharmalki, Secretary.
This place was a rainmaker in front of the tourists.
The police only explained the bomb blast and asked questions because he too was involved in the peace talks (the Government and the HNLC),” said Bah Syngkrem.
Speaking to media on the sudden resignation of the UDP MDCs from the House, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the resignation of the UDP MDCs from the House is due to the powers of the Executive Committee. which does not listen to their views on the Second Amendment Bill 2023 on the Elaka.
As part of this initiative, participants will have the platform to showcase their talents to other countries.
A recovered person will have to wait for two weeks or may be a person who has symptoms of the disease for 28 days.
It is learned that the opposition leader during his inspection has directed the District Administration to assist these people who have been affected by the floods according to their ability.
Banjop Maring, Leader of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, said that the KSU North Khasi Hills District and the KSU Seng Kmie have already met and talked many times with the DC of Ribhoi District. The District School Education Officer and not only that, they also came to meet with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education of the State Government but their lack of attention to arrange or do what is necessary has prevented them from contributing by teams like the small border of the Seng.
Three rebel groups from the Metei group have signed a social peace agreement this year and peace talks with the National Socialist Council of Nagaland are ongoing.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Aristotle C.Rymbai said that the Seng has found that the results released by the NIOS have many errors such as the marks of the School Base Activity ( SBA), Workshop Base Activity (WBA) and Practice Teaching of trainees from the same study center have clear and unclear marks in the marksheet available through the website of the NIOS, those who were absent (AB) in the subjects in the results released for the first and second times have now been found to have been awarded marks only for the internal assessments paper while the theory paper has been awarded again. absent (AB), the trainees who passed the examinations in the subject they failed, in the result released by NIOS on 8th June this year, have passed but in the result they failed. On the 22nd of this month, it was found that the marks they had received earlier were no longer available and it was written on the marks card “SUBJECT YET TO CLEAR (SYC)”. The trainees are written with the names of the trainees including those who have passed and those who are still being held back along with other errors.
The club was founded in 1900-1910 and received full recognition as a club in
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un issued the law in 2013, but did not include his dress code in the list of rules because he wanted to make himself unique and no one else. be willing to follow his example.
Regarding the same issue, the NITI Aayog did not have such an opinion in its report submitted on the 23rd of this month to the Central Government. Bibek Debroy and this is his personal opinion and not that of the NITI Aayog.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the teachers who have worked hard to bring glory to the school and at the same time urged the students to work hard to achieve success in their examinations. The meeting was conducted by TB Chetri Headmaster of the school. The meeting was attended by many dignitaries.
The Chief Minister urged the Sein Jaintia to revive the drama games of the old men because through the dramas we can teach the youth of today.
He said that the government has always told and explained to the school children that they should protect the environment, while the food is made of wood or rynga. Cooking gas in schools throughout the state.
Speaking to reporters, Synrem said the party has sent a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Minister of Housing Marcuise. N Marak said that she has received complaints on the quality of these Aluminum Roofing Sheets distributed to the C&RD Block and has already been distributed to some of the beneficiaries in Khasi- Jaintia Hills.
The protest took place at Williamngar in East Garo Hills, Tura near the DC office in West Garo Hills.
Regarding this, the party has already stated in its petition that the Bill has many shortcomings as it is based on religion.
In a statement sent to the media, the party said that it will submit a letter to the Council next month as it is currently in the middle of the Behdeinkhlam holiday.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the issues of the indigenous people of the North Eastern Region of India are the ones he takes seriously. international organizations and civil society organizations have the same goal.
The protest against the ILP was led by 13 political parties, but now only one political party has been arrested by the police. The HNLC has questioned the urgency of bringing in the railway line when the income in the state is almost collapsing.
The union has informed the police station at Mawdiangdiang and the police have also come because it is not far from the place where they stayed in the jurisdiction of Diengiong village.
The residents of Meghalaya whether in urban or rural areas are in the dark about this power outage by MeECL. rural village.
These groups told the Committee that the periodic elections affect the income growth, expenditure on the people, education and also affect the peace and stability in the society. society.
The statement also said.
However, the union has demanded that the cut off year should be in 1971 so that all those who enter illegally after that year can be detained. The year 1971 means that the removal of the authorities will also be equal in that the Khasi lands which have been lost in the state will be restored to these foreigners.
Individuals and companies participating in the auction for the exploration license will be selected through reverse bidding for the premium of the auction to be paid by the mining lease holder (ML).
On the other hand, the Chief of Army Staff congratulated the troops for their efforts to maintain peace and order and at the same time for providing employment to the people of the area.
The ksiang have started talking and have started to arrange with the people who are present and after they have arranged between the ksiang the talks will start. this is the talk of peace that has come.
The Sumo was driven by Mackson A Sangma of Rongkon Tura.
On the other hand, Young Kiefer and Kynsailang expressed their excitement to take part in the tournament.
Pynshai Rani said, “The Jaitbynriew should unite by breaking down all the differences between us so that the Jaitbynriew can continue to grow.
The award winners were Moundlystone N. Sohlang, Balakyrmen Marbaniang, Sandalin Kharsynniang, Dikostar Jaba, Erimonya N. Sohlang, Airisha Umdor, June Jone Hynniewta, Banriakor Marbaniang, Profession Kharryngki Jalabetti. ,Willie Reade Jaba, RoseStar Singh Khasain,Pynsuklin Mawlong and Samla Dakynmawlang Warjri.
The residents and the district authorities appreciated the service of Kong Reliance Pyrngap to the community.
He said that the donation is small but they will accept it with joy.
“I appreciate the promises of the MLA along with the clean words but all these promises have not reached anywhere,” said the residents of this village.
Bashai Marbaniang Joint Secretary of the party said that the demand of the party that the government should register the land is to put the government at peace in terms of follow-up arrangements with the party. Assam and if it goes to court, it can establish the basis.
This area has been affected by the landslide from time to time and today too this landslide has affected the traffic through this road today in which many vehicles have been damaged. Stay there until you have cleaned up the ground that has fallen on the road.
The union strongly condemns the office of the DC East Jaintia Hills District and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board of the state government for sending a letter to mislead the MoEF&CC to use para 7 stage 3 clause (v) to exempt them. from the public hearing.
As there is a shortage of funds in the state, there is a possibility that the BJP is in the present government and Delhi is quick to release the funds. , the teachers will fall and the thied will fall and the income will fall.
Wympher Suchiang said that the tree seedlings planted on this day were purchased from the nursery of Mulieh village and most of the tree seedlings are from this area and soh tree seedlings.
Other speakers at the commemoration included Prof Manas Das Gupta, retired Brigadier William Sturgeon. in the presence of all the students of the College.
“There is no special allocation for other backward communities in our state.
The union is also pleased to say that if there is no confusion and irregularity in the recruitment process, why do young job seekers often have to go to court?
All India Trinamool Congress Leader Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has strongly criticized the Congress for announcing its candidacy from two Lok Sabha seats in Meghalaya.
The ceremony was inaugurated by Indian hockey player Major Dhyand Chand Singh. The National Sports Day was celebrated in his name. Major Dhyand Chand Singh, one of the prominent sportsmen of the country, was honoured.
These new tests are easy to use and can detect 28% of cases while the current 3generation rapid test does not ensure that most of the population is aware of the disease. so that they can receive prompt treatment to help with their illness.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell sends this message of congratulations to all the students from all over the Khasi Hills who have received their results today.
This victory in the mid-term elections has strengthened the NPP party in the Khleh khawlang government.
Shillong, March 04: A delegation of officials of JICA from Japan has started a meeting organized by TEPSCO, TEPCO and MePGCL officials in the presence of Bah The meeting was held to discuss how to prepare a plan for the improvement of the Umiam-Umtru power plant. Stage-III Power Station and how to improve the Kyrdemkulai Power Station.
The public is advised to refrain from crossing streams, rivers and streams during the rainy season.
The building of Parliament has a banyan tree.
While inspecting the market, the Syiem and Ministers informed the Symbut Myntri Rangbah of these areas which can be opened and which areas still have to be closed.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie MDC said that we cannot forget the great work that the missionaries have done and it is a privilege to have this school in this place which is run by the baling. role in the development of the community and the region.
Nomination Forms will be distributed from 25th June 2018 to 09th July
However, other works in 2012 alone include the repair of fencing at Kyndailad and Rilbong worth 10,59,500 tyngka and 5,28,750 tyngka respectively.
At this meeting, the CSWO was pleased to hear from these prominent leaders who discussed and explained the truth about the excessive exploitation of the MUDA and Municipal departments. Once again, I would like to congratulate these Lai Dorbar Shnongs who have taken the initiative to think for the poor and needy who have been discriminated against by the MUDA and Municipal.
Kyllang Thongni, President of the HYNF Mawsynram Constituency, said that there are four MLAs from Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram and Ranikor who are from the UDP party and are in the government. ei ei for this road because this road has affected and convinced many MLAs.
The letter was signed by the Deputy Secretary, NHM, Capt.
Shillong, Nailar 10: A total of 53 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, of which 12 cases are from East Khasi Hills District. 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 39 cases in West Garo Hills District.
Also present on the occasion were the elders of the village, the women's organizations, the youth organizations and the residents of Rynjah. scheme Chief Minister Special Development Scheme.
Since its inception in 1991, the Riti Academy of Visual Arts has gone through many struggles and thrown trees in order to create a peaceful environment for the union of artists who will work hard and hard to They can develop and develop their natural skills in creativity and ingenuity until they reach the perfect level.
As we promote their professional or personal conditions, we follow the principles of free competition.
He said that the Prime Minister is very fond of the region and wants to set up a Citrus Fruit Park in Mizoram as the conditions in the state suit it well. claim.
These posters remind of the opposition to the CAA and the demand for the ILP and also to implement the MRSSA. to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and mynder and at the same time to remove the mynder who have entered the Bri u Hynniewtrep since
The program was inaugurated by the Secretary Shnong, Shri Nicholas Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters at the party office, he said that in Garo Hills, 30,000 people have joined the BJP, in East Khasi Hills, 40,000 and in Jaintia Hills, 4,0 and those who have registered online in the state have reached 20,0
Shillong, Lber 26: Replying to a resolution tabled by Karnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, said that there is no need to table a resolution because of the government. you can't do it.
The State Government should start working now in relation to the entry and exit of foreigners by expediting the construction of entry and exit points in the State and also to prepare and implement the Residents Bills so that the welfare and peace and order in the state can be ensured.
Buyers who have already registered with 1917iTEAMS also sell and deliver agricultural products to tree vendors and shopkeepers during the lockdown.
Building material stores, Sales or quarrying of existing quarries only for pre-started and MGNREGA related works, Light materials stores, shops sell or manufacture gas.
Police rushed the victim to Khliehrait CHC for treatment.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The inclusion of 768 villages in the Nirmal Gram Puraskars (NGPs) which is pending approval from the Central Government, will be another step forward for these villages to win. this is the prize of holiness.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Dr Andrew Simons, Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, today announced that George B Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. .
The delegation was led by Bah KS Rani Vice President of the HNYF Mawsynram Circle, MDC Mawsynram Bah Lavin Sawkmie, Bah PN Syiem MDC Mawkhar. Dozens of people have been injured and five people have died recently at Mawsynram CHC and Civil Hospital Shillong. The incident occurred at Tyngnger village in Mawsynram. I have lost my life.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is on the issue of issuing syrnot to the small paid in terms of their income. less than 8 lakh rupees per annum, and their farmland if any must be less than five acres, or they have residential buildings of 1000 feet square.
It was five years after the beginning of the Quit India Movement that India gained independence on 15th July
The puja committee was set up in the name of his mother and the jingle is only a Hindu ritual.
Our Minister of Education is ready to meet if necessary.
It is known for being the wettest region in the world, but it is also known for its drought.
The support of the BJP Ranikor Mandal supporters was also through the permission and understanding of former MLA Martin M. Danggo.
The T.35,000 crore submitted in Demand for Grants No.40, under the title 'Transfers to States'
He is pleased to see the successful cooperation between the MBA, BFI and the State Government, said Bah Warjri.
Those officers who were in close contact with the two government ministers who tested positive for COVID-19 have already been tested negative.
At present, the swearing-in ceremony has been completed, even the latest news from Raj Bhavan has said that there will be a swearing-in ceremony tomorrow morning. Dr Mukul Sangma will meet the Governor of Meghalaya this evening.
Nongstoin, Nailar 19: Four civil society organizations of West Khasi Hills today met with the Deputy Commissioner of the District to discuss with him the issue of students who have passed the DSC examination. shym has not yet been appointed.
However, the DC said that he does not know anything about this as he is still undergoing examination by doctors outside Nongstoin and he is not in Nongstoin but he saw this through the internet and promised that He will talk to the police of West Khasi Hills District.
“According to the rules of procedure of the BNRGSK scheme, this hall is not allowed to be converted into election campaign platforms or any political activities,” said the Mylliem C&RD Block Officer.
He said that the Pnar people are rich in heritage.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Latyrke Village has expressed his surprise to see that this Dkhar is involved in the smuggling of syrnod to foreigners.
The Vice Chancellor in his speech said that the University will soon meet with the Education Department of the State Government to discuss the NEP. If the new or old system is implemented so that students will not be affected by the delay in starting their classes, and if they proceed with the new system of the University together and the State Government should assist and support those colleges which are not able to implement the FYUP so that the students in those colleges will not be affected.
The floods have risen to the Corona testing center even though it is longer than the road, because vehicles coming down from Shillong have to pass straight and only those going up have to pass through the Corona testing center which has been closed. shlei is now a step.
The State Government has requested financial assistance from the Central Government for the construction of the Administrative City and Knowledge City in New Shillong Township (NST).
After the signing of this contract, the MHIS will be resumed in Meghalaya which has been suspended for the past few months.
“You have been involved in the shooting and killing of our members.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister of India urged the Chief Minister to monitor the implementation of the National Games, the construction of the Legislative Assembly of the State. and the funds may be obtained from a special fund from the office of the Prime Minister.
The Government has also found that after they came from the incident, they also held a party in Shillong. The Government has directed the public to inform the police if they have any contact with these people. 108 to prevent the spread of COVID-1
He said that it should be understood that the employees of the bank are also people who need protection and this is the same for the people who go to work so there is a need to think about each other.
At the time of publication, Batesi TV has received reports of landslides at two places, namely, at Tiehsaw village on the Nongstoin-Shillong Highway where even heavy vehicles have been hit. and they could not pass through this road.
The welcome speech was delivered by Matsiewdor W Nongbri Secretary and the welcome speech was delivered by the Director Bah Batlang Sohlya, officers of DIPR. Shillong, March 22: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) today inaugurated the new DIPR office. Petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and the Director General of Police, on the allegation of extortion of money from trucks on the Jowai Bypass in Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District. .
This Act has also spread and created religious and ethnic discrimination throughout India.
The Seng will also monitor the Improvement Exam which is still required for in-service teachers.
West Khasi Hills Police Chief Silvestar Nongtynger said that more police have been deployed to Shallang today to conduct a search operation against the GNLA militants in the area.
Shillong, July 18: U Dr. WR Kharlukhi, State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya State Unit, today announced that Conrad K Sangma has been re-elected as the National Assembly of Meghalaya. National President.
Therefore, MEPA has decided to demand an immediate apology from James K. Sangma for this incident so that such incidents should not happen again.
“After the meeting I went back with Mandor and he learned that there are people who are facing NEHU. people who have lost their faces hold their weapons.
The Election Department of Meghalaya has implemented all the rules and regulations to ensure that the election will run smoothly in Meghalaya.
Under the leadership of Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU CEC and Rueben A Najiar, Asst. It should do something to ensure that the youth of Meghalaya can write the CUET examination in the state.
Implementation started in November, 2018.
The Social Welfare Department will now bring together the Women Help Line-118, the Child Line-1098 in 6 districts, the Emergency Response Service-112, the construction of a room. completed and now waiting for UPS to arrive to start the process.
“What happened is unpleasant,” said Bah Syiemiong.
Previously, the price of switchers with up to 3 parts differences was only T.3990 and above.
