In his speech, Manauj Chakraborty President of MJCTU, explained the five issues that the Trade Unions in India demand that the government should implement, which affect the government employees and the trade unions. employee.
Shillong, November 22: The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda Homeopathy (NEIAH) has celebrated its three years since its opening in Shillong. Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof SK Srivastava.
without reading and checking carefully in Before including it in the students' syllabus.
If it is to be awarded, the office must first cancel the contract and call a new tender.
Unfortunately, in these days, those leaders from Delhi who belong to a party which everyone knows have come and said that he has no knowledge about the ILP, a clear statement that the party wants To send to the State Government especially to the Central Government Hooid en em on the ILP, if it remains the same as the youth have to think of another way Blessed are the words that do the works.
These employment practices include flexi-time and fast-track programs to develop employment standards for all women and men in managerial positions.
He said that the procedures of these states should be followed without compromising the dignity of the election process.
The hospital has done this to help the people to get treatment during this time of crisis and what they talk to the doctors during this time will be a priority. for the hospital and when they come back afterwards they will be able to look back from the building they have talked about.
Speaking to media, he said that although the NPP is in the NDA, they will stand firmly against the CAB if it comes back in the same form as it is now. .
Speaking at the closing ceremony at Khyndailad, the Shnongkor of AIM Meghalaya, said that the party will travel around Meghalaya to talk to the people to explain that the vaccination will be done. according to your will, this person shall not be forced.
I K.Mujat President of ASHA Facilitator said that as the government has not listened to their demand, the ASHA has decided to start the strike from 25/2/2 this month.
He said that the medals won by the country have brought joy to the whole country.
Shillong, March 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has donated his 1.5 months salary for the improvement of the Government LP School at Shohphria West. Khasi District.
Proposals will be accepted only through the online platform.
Amit Sinha was on his way to Delhi for office work when the incident happened while he was on his way with his friend Digvijay Singh.
Short speeches were delivered by Secretary Kher Sohlap and Rangbah RL Roy who advised, encouraged and blessed the youth who were honored on this occasion.
On the other hand, the MDCs who took part in the discussion on the issue brought by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lambor Malangniang MDC of Nongkrem. The State Government in relation to the areas where factories are located shall no longer fall under the District Council or the Chief Executive Members.
Shillong, July 21: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor today said that police have seized three times worth of money from Umkiang. the police in the presence of the magistrates.
Shillong, September 17: U Bah Lakhon Biam, Assistant Executive Engineer, PWD Department, Shillong, has resigned from his post and has now joined the BJP to contest the MLA election from the party. In 2018, he was elected from the 3rd Raliang Constituency.
Although the state has not yet reported a single case of Omicron, it is a precautionary measure by imposing restrictions, the government will also impose restrictions on the movement of people, especially private vehicles in some Districts and will vary from one District to another.
Maligaon, July 17: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has sent his condolences on the train collision in West Bengal.
The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District against Gopal Dey who did not claim to be the President of the Coordination and Welfare Committee. (CWC), Shella-Bholaganj and demanded the immediate arrest of Gopal Dey.
The union also condemned the recent incident at NEHU where a NEHU officer attempted to rape a Khasi student on the 19th of this month. The Seng said that the authorities in charge of NEHU should not allow such incidents to happen again and to ensure peace and order. of undergraduate female students.
Ernest strongly condemned TMC leader Kriti Azad for speaking against the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. leaders who joined the TMC should have been considered.
These youths are from Fokachindi, Purakhasia, Belabore, Kachuadogri and Baljora.
Seva Bharati Meghalaya organized a public meeting to mark the first ever Rakshabhandhan in India. 4000 years ago and in this Ri Khasi it is still the first time.
Pynsuklang Sumer as trainer and Bah Edward Mawthoh as team manager have left for the National Sub-Junior Wushu Championship, 2013 which was held at BVV Sangha Bhagalkot, Karnataka which started on the 18th and ended on the 18th. on the 23rd of this month.
In this regard, the discussions are ongoing to resolve the issue. For this reason, no timetable has been set for the completion of the railway line as the land has not been allocated.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: Two persons have been arrested on charges of murder, Cleanstar Sahbong, 27, from Nongthymmai. hand of people in Ichamati.
Referring to the 500MW Thermal Power Project in East Garo Hills which has been signed with NEEPCO, he said that they will complete their inspection and after completion they will start work.
On this occasion, the NPP leaders held a march from the party office to the DC office led by the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma, the Chief Minister's Secretary. Prestone Tynsong, Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA Gigur Myrthong and other party officials.
Shillong, November 01: Meghalaya today celebrated World Aids Day.
This was stated in a statement sent by Bobby Marwein C-In-C and Chairman and Sainkupar Nogntraw General Secretary and Spokesperson of the party.
DSP, D Syngkon, MDSA General Secretary, SDK Budnah, Nonglang SC, K Kahrlyngdoh, Nonglang SC and others were present on the occasion. Chestarpaul Lyngdoh and others.
Lieutenant General Depinder Singh Ahuja, AVSM, General Officer Commanding, 101 Area, laid a wreath in memory of all the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country. on a statue dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives for the country on this special day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has appointed Bah Prolin Samayang as the Interim Doloi of Langbang Nangphyllut District.
He said that there are nine issues that can solve this problem, to free children from trafficking, to collect, the collection set by the group, the collection of weapons, the employment of children. “The reason is that all the schemes of the government that have benefited them do not reach these children,” he said.
However, now many have turned their attention to the ILP and forgotten about the CAA. The people should not be satisfied with the ILP, if they get it, the government should implement the rules that should be free from corruption.
At the same time, he said that the new rule is that if the BSF catches cows, they cannot sell them at auction, but they have to raise them and if the cow dies, they have to give them away. score.
The law says that no one can do anything wrong.
The people of Mawkynrew Constituency have witnessed the spirit of service of this Rangbah Leader who has elected him as MDC in the presence of Bah Pynshngain.
What has prompted the authorities in charge of the mid-term elections to intensify the search operation is that even the Congress ministers of the state carry more than lakhs of rupees. During the election campaign, the Minister who was robbed of Rs 2 lakh was Bah Rowell Lyngdoh.
Sixteen children were selected to take part in the competition.
The union also demanded that there should be its own IAS and IPS team. During the meeting, the HITO requested Bah Hek to talk to Amit Shah who appointed the HITO. Shillong, Naitung 22: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that those who have been tested positive for the virus have tested positive for the virus. There are 513 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 184 in East Khasi Hills and 105 in West Garo Hills.
Regarding this, the Seng today sought RTI from the Education Department to get more information on the construction of the school.
New York is followed by Tokyo with 290,300 residents, followed by the San Francisco Bay Area with 285,000 residents.
The VDP members quickly arrested one of the suspects while he was trying to escape and in the chase he was arrested near Madan Heh. Police on receiving information about this rushed to the scene. The injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment. A complaint was registered at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
S– the narpyllon, which is like the shyieng sohiong sohmanir or the isbad, which is not burned in the fire;– the nar lynter, which is like a sum from the end of the stone. shut nep syrti shiliang for cutting wood,– the snur of thir and suh jaiñ, and other such things.
This area falls under the constituency of Dr Donkupar Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Initially, I raised this issue in the KHADC House and discussed thoroughly the tortious behavior of this company in relation to the disposal of waste in the well used by the people. The council has decided to send a team of inquiry into the tortious behavior of the company, said Bah James.
When asked whether the Meghalaya government has faced any problems in implementing development works on the border, the Chief Minister said that such problems are common in the border villages with Assam but these have been resolved.
The swearing-in ceremony was held after the 52nd Batch completed their training.
Shillong, March 05: The Khasi Author Society (KA) has held a National Seminar on the Khasi Language in Delhi with the aim of including it in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
All the roads allocated under the major schemes of MDoNER namely NERSDS and NESIDS have been implemented either by themselves or through the North Eastern Council (NEC). ), to 169.51 km in the last three years in Meghalaya.
The Christian community welcomes this Christmas with joy.
Shillong, June 09: The MP of 2-Tura, Agatha Sangma today wrote: A letter to the Union Minister of State for Education, Dharmendra Pradhan to hold the Common University Entrance Test (UG) in Tura.
The Government has decided to allocate land to the SMB near the office of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Cooperation, at the foot of the office of the National People's Party (NPP).
These words marked the opening ceremony of the National Broadcasting Day today, the day when the All India Radio began its journey in the service of the country in
The Seng invites all the Kur Leaders and Rangbah Kur to take this news as an invitation to all to attend the dorbar.
At this meeting, they decided that if the government does not do so on or before the rules set by the union, they will hold a strike starting tomorrow. the end of the year
She said that assistance to people with disabilities is very limited.
However, if we listen to the criticism and statements of others during the election campaign until they just talk only about Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit the President of the VPP while they forget their own principles and shout loudly “They have lost the voice of politics,” said Bah Nongrum.
In this regard, the village requests the law enforcement agencies to investigate and arrest the suspects immediately and punish them according to the law and the village will provide assistance if the law enforcement department needs it, he said. Raison Nongrum, Secretary and Secretary.
The Seng also directs them to follow the guidelines of the village by following the guidelines of the Health Department.
The standing of the sniuh behind the ryndang along with the smile may be a sign of 'leilieh and pyrthat.
The Estimate Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly led by Bah Mayralborn Syiem as Chairman in the presence of Bah Charles Marngar, Bah Remington G. Momin, Bah Limison Sangma and Bah Renikton Lyngdoh. Tongkhar, Mianmi D. Shira, Wailadmiki Shylla and Damanbait Lamare have met the Estimate Committee of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly under the chairmanship of Dr. Supidto Roy.
Regarding the New Shillong Town Ship, the government wants to start this and the requirement for this is T350 crore.
Hundreds of people from 19-Shillong South have gathered to witness the announcement of the NCP candidate for the party's candidate from this constituency after the departure of u. In his speech, Salang, President of the NCP Meghalaya State Unit, urged the people to support the NCP. Sanbor, who won twice from the NCP, but has now left and joined the BJP, urged the party members to work hard to bring victory to the party candidate.
There were 21 civil society organizations, KSU, HYC, HYYF, CSWO and 39 members. everything.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri said that the preparations for the Meghalaya Games are in progress.
The Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, DP Wahlang spoke on climate change and measures to restore order.
This was announced by the Chairman of JACSO, Bah Wallambok Syiemiong.
The national parties taking part in the MLA election are the Congress, BJP and NCP, the regional parties like the NPP, HSPDP and UDP. Shillong, Jymmang 03: Four candidates of the National People's Party (NPP) today filed their nominations in Shillong for the MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month.
Shillong, July 22: Rule 20 (1) of the AD Rules, 1951 stipulates that the Chief Executive Member shall be elected by the District Council. the Chief Executive Member from amongst the members of the District Council.
This statue of him is fitting to commemorate his deeds.
On the other hand, the three organizations demanded that the government should stop the search for the members of the KSU. On the other hand, the civil society organizations are not against the railway line, but what they demand is to put in place safety measures.
This refusal of the people of Assam to buy agricultural products has put a strain on the income of the Khasi where they face difficulties even to buy food items to meet the daily needs of the household. you family.
We have seen that in many constituencies, whether they belong to national or regional parties, there is chaos, division and misunderstanding among the supporters of the same party even in the same party. constituency too.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, in reply to a question by Bah Witting Mawsor on the progress of the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule. The Minister said the government has already set up a sub committee and the committee has submitted its report to the government department and the political department.
Shillong, November 06: Two persons have died of COVID-19 in Shillong, November 06: Two persons have died of COVID-19, Harekrishna Debnath. 67-year-old died at NEIGRIHMS and Amiya Ch Momin, 65, from Rajabala, West Garo Hills, bringing the death toll in Meghalaya to
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: To improve the quality of education for children in the state and to reduce their dropout rate, the Government has decided to implement the Compulsory Education Act
Bah Zachary Shadap, the party's candidate from Mawhati constituency, said that there is a need to bring about real economic development in the constituency.
To cultivate and to build houses.
The BSF has registered a case under the NDPS Act.
The Director of Health Services (DHS) said that the mother and child are in good health.
According to a notice issued by the Ministry of Personnel and Training, all central government offices, central government workplaces and factories under the jurisdiction of the central government across the country will be closed. noon until 2:30 pm.
The FIR, lodged by the Junior Engineer (PHE) RWS, states that these pipes were used to supply drinking water to two villages from Chimasora to Maheskhola in the South. West Khasi Hills District, was held on the 25th of June.
Condemning the perpetrators of rape, the KKHA said that such perpetrators should be imprisoned.
Referring to Meghalaya, a state full of corruption allegations, the government should understand now that it should stop the allegations against the civil society but should do something. to bring about a change in the Khaddar system for the benefit of the people.
There are 10 districts participating in the competition including East Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, Ri Bhoi District. District, West Garo Hills District, North Garo Hills District, South Garo Hills District.
The Ministry of Agriculture suspects that it may be African Swine Fever (ASF), but while the results have not been received, nothing else has been confirmed. around the village of Lamin to temporarily abstain from eating pork.
The date, venue and time of the start will be announced soon by the Office of the District Sports Officer.
Regarding the government's refusal to allow vehicles to pass through Them Motor, this shows that there is a lack of peace in the village and why the government has not allowed vehicles to pass through this area. the government has to explain to the public.
May this Shad Ainguh which started on the 10th of June and ends on the 12th of June be a truly peaceful and blessed festival in which God will bless the children of Hajar ka Bri u. Shillong, June 11: The North Eastern Region of India has many species of plants that can be used in the manufacture of medicines, but as it is now, they have not been gathered together in the form of a bui.
Chanakya National Law University, Patna won the first prize and Amity Law School, Kolkata won the second prize.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Ampareen said that the inspection of the market should also follow up on the Bill of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the order of the Hima Mylliem Office to remove the word ' Cut kilos of agricultural products within the market and other markets within the boundary of the district council.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Medras Mylliem Umlong, 78, wife of Kong Worbon Mawlong, former MLA of Sohiong Constituency (1978) and former MDC of Mawphlang Diengiei (1984), passed away today. He was admitted to Nazareth Hospital after a short illness.
Danny Shadap, Executive Director of CDS, LT Tariang, BDO, Chanky Lyngdoh, MDC, welcomed the guests. of 13 Saphai Constituency.
He said that the residents of Upper Klew do not even get light and have to use solar lights.
The meeting was conducted by the president of the party, Bah Teibor Shanpur.
“In the talks from the beginning, the Union has demanded that the Government should take over the EMRI-108 but the Government has shown many reasons but we have left it. but the demand is that the Government should take over the management of this Emergency Service.
In his speech, Lakadongu congratulated the NYKS and PFR for organizing the Fit India Run.
Prize: Rs.25,000/- + Certificate & Trophy.
Reforms in the country’s business laws have boosted infrastructure like roads, air connectivity etc. and this has helped Indian industries significantly.
Prof. Baghel said that church leaders have a great role to play in bringing about change in a child in need.
If the Government of India does not listen to the voice of the people, it will make it clear that there are two signs, one is that the Government of India does not recognize the North East as not part of the country. India and the AFSPA Act is to silence the voice of the people of the North East by the military, but this will still cause differences, said Samuel Song Knor of NESO. Other speakers at the meeting were Talikaba – Ao Students' Union, D. Rahauei – NTMS, VP, Ningphiso Teron – Karbi Students' Association, Anshuman – Shillong Bar Association, VP, Jerome Debbarma – TSF, GS, Donbok Dkhar – HITO, Surojeet Hazarika – SASSA, Prez, Tarh Tarum – ASUS, Prez, Jersom Shylla – JSU, B.Marbaniang – RBYF, GS.U bah Sadon Blah – HNYF, John Chhana – MSU Prez, Dundee C Khongsit – FKJGP, Tolu Chopi – Naga Elders Forum, Prez, Lambok S Marngar – KSU, Thongule Sangtam – ENSUS, Prez, Dekhozo Rhakho – NSUS, Prez, the meeting was chaired by KSU General Secretary Samla Donal V Thabah.
Before the cleanliness drive, a meeting was held in which many prominent leaders of the area such as the Rangbah Shnong of Iooksi, Samla Nangaibormi Sutnga, Leader of KSU JHDU, G.Suchiang Secretary of KSU JHDU gave speeches. Compare with Young Nehemiah Tyngkan.
At that time, Bah Bull had just completed his B.Sc and LLB at Shillong Law College.
Shillong, July 18: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has demanded that the state government through the education department should open the new building of the Nongrim Jirang Lower Primary School which has been under construction since last year but has not yet been completed. the new school building has not yet been opened.
In this fighting, the Bangladeshis fled and left behind the smuggled goods from the area. The BSF seized T.70,000 tyngka. and the merchants shall be able to trade.
He added that it is not necessary for the participants to go to the Integrated Counseling and Testing Centers at Government Hospitals.
Rani said that this is the information received through RTI and he does not know how many of these vacancies have been vacated in the secretariat. you don't get young people.
At the time of publication, the extent of the damage, the origin of the fire and the number of injured have not been estimated.
The union reminds and warns all offices, banks and schools within the district boundary to observe special holidays whether of the district or of the state as a whole. the day when the nation was born.
Tura, July 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Integrated Beekeeping Development Center at Sambrak in North Garo Hills District. IBDC).
While this issue has not been resolved, many who have taken political advantage from time to time, regarding development works, have suggested to the government to allocate a special fund of Rs 100,000 to the Deputy Commissioners to implement the works. to the works of development.
Kickboxing is one of the eight martial arts.
He said that the winners should not be proud or arrogant, they should be a good example to others so that others can follow in their footsteps.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle in a statement said that the Karbi Students' Union (KAAC) has sent a clear message to the Karbi people and also to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). ) and to the Government of Assam to stop the violence against the paradoh parasnam on the border from time to time by crossing the border with Meghalaya, illegal collection of taxes. agricultural vehicles of the residents of the state, the threat by the Karbi rebels and the violence of the Assam security forces and police against the Khasi people.
The meeting decided to recommend to the Central Government to set up Village Councils in Garo Hills while in Khasi and Jaintia Hills they should be called Village Dorbars and the office bearers should be elected. through elections, these are directly for development works in the villages.
He said that even in the village affairs, the intelligent people elect one sordar and one secretary, they do not elect the same person to be the Sordar and the secretary of the village.
The bill has been prepared and introduced in the Rajya Sabha today. If the bill becomes law, these lands will go to Bangladesh.
The scheme includes the installation of Smart Prepaid Meters with a budget of T.307.82 crore.
According to the preparations sent to the World Bank, the cost of the relocation is T.20.49 crore. After receiving the approval from the World Bank, the cost will be prepared. service.
He said that the construction of toilets has helped to prevent many diseases and the Ujjwala connections have protected them from many diseases caused by pollution.
NEIGRIHMS has also planned to provide tele-ambulance services to the villagers who do not have access to proper medical services.
Phong Presbyterian LP SSA School, Nongtraw RCLP School, Mawtuli LP SSA School, Kshiad Presbyterian UP School, Kshaid Presbyterian LP School, War War St. Mary's RCLP School and Rangpajun RCLP School, which fall under Raid Disaw, Khanong. Hima Sohra.
In the posters, NGEA has written that the Executive Committee of GHADC led by the NPP party should re-appoint the leaders of NGEA who have been dismissed from the EC. At the same time, the Executive Committee of GHADC today issued an order that all employees of GHADC should arrive at work at 10.30 am and leave. You must register at 5.00 pm and those who come to work must register.
The KSU Education Cell led by Asst. Education Secretary SanTomba Bamon has suggested to the Director to upgrade the Rymbai Govt Secondary School to a Higher Secondary School. It is the secondary school of the Government in the whole of East Jaintia Hills.
: It is a short form of the word bri which refers to the indigenous land in which the people live, work and work.
The Chief Minister said in the House that the total number of employees of the MBDA is 357, the total number of consultants is 23, the cost of paying the employees is T. 17.02 crore and for consultants T.9.07 crore and all these employees have been suspended.
He said that looking at the pictures in the newspapers, all the others who went to meet the prime minister were only members of the NCP and he suspected that it was an election trick of someone to say that they did something. for the sake of the nation.
Speeches were delivered by Kong Gladys Lyngdoh, Mawlangwir Longkmie, Samla Kyrshan Rynjah, Publicity Secretary, SSSS CEC, who expressed the need for love, unity, trust, and to avoid evil.
There was a detailed discussion on the unique and first initiative in India by Meghalaya to develop the talents of the youth through the Talent Identification, Elite Pathway Program (EPP). ) and the Super Elite Pathway Program (SEPP) implemented jointly by the MSOA and DSYA under the supervision of Ian Campbell OLY from Australia. skills across the school districts of the state.
All children will be able to attend school.
Many villages in Shillong today cleaned up their villages and neighborhoods and this is the same every year but in the past years there has been a closure of the villages. the road until it was covered with snow and the crowd came.
The union demanded that the rights of the employees should be respected and the government should repeal the RRB Act 2015, which is proposed to be amended.
Miani D Shira of the Congress, Clement G Momin of the NPP and Subhankar Coach as an independent candidate are in the mid-term elections.
Speaking to media, Bah Lumlang Khar Syiemlieh said that the Shahlang Market has now been taken over by foreigners who own 70 percent of the shops while the Khasi own the market. to sit on the ground.
The Agriculture Institute in Umiam has started this new technology where farmers don't have to go to the offices to get information. Any damage to the fields can be done by phone and will be explained to them in their own language.
What was surprising was how this truck caught fire suddenly because the parking lot and the place where it was supposed to unload the fuel was on the same side and in the middle there were fuel filling books. police are conducting investigation.
She has always spoken out to empower women and now she has come forward to be an example in this struggle.
He said that the time we are living in is the time to shake hands and not the time to shake hands, the time to talk about things with responsibility and not with responsibility.
they understand that it is necessary to find solutions earlier so that such incidents do not happen again.
Dr Philling Rynjah's pharmacy at Umtrew in Ri Bhoi District was also inaugurated on the same day.
The opening of such a parking lot is for the benefit of the residents as a whole.
On the other hand, Bah Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU has directed the farmers to submit their names to the HFU leaders in the area and then send the names of those who wish to cultivate this plant to the Central leaders. body so that on their part they can talk to the government for the provision of seeds by talking to the government.
However, what is more surprising is that he was born in 2003 but the date of registration is in
E-I, Form E-II, Form F and Form-H. In the past, these forms were submitted in paper, but now they can be submitted electronically according to the rules of the under the CST Act.
Shillong, November 02: Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, MLA Sosthenes Sohtun and other officials inaugurated the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division in Ri Bhoi District today. The Government and the people welcomed the Prime Minister.
This government notice should be informed to all the officers below as well as those under the government department and they should comply with this notice. This notice was signed by R.Lyngdoh IAS Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Department of Personnel and Administrative Reform (B).
Bah Shibun's statement that if there is a proper Mining Policy, uranium mining will be accepted is an attempt to mislead and mislead the people about the dangers of uranium mining and an attempt to dress up and mine liewlep. the people who are the owners of the land.
Jowai, June 24: The Dorbar Shnong of Mukhla Nongrim, West Jaintia District invites you all the children of Jaintia and Khasi Hills to attend its Sukra Festival, which will be held from 26, 27, on the 26th of this month at the Dorbar Hall of the Dorbar Shnong at the Cow Slot Ground from 11 AM to 4 PM on the 26th.
Major General Gyanbyamba Sunrev, Chief of General Staff of the Mongolian Army, will take part in the final ceremony on the 16th of this month, 2024 along with Lieutenant General Zubin A Minwalla, General Officer Commanding Corps of Indian soldiers.
The use of technology has helped to improve the implementation of schemes and needs to be strengthened in this regard.
The HNYF will strongly oppose any group that tries to create ethnic differences when the Khasi people have not been shocked by the killing of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta and the shooting death of BSF on the border with Bangladesh.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District, Kong Kurbah, said that she had spoken to the DC of Kamrup District about the incident but he said that this is the land of Assam. the incident in the village of Iongkhuli.
After the announcement of the names of the MPs who have won the elections, all three members of the Election Commission of India went to Rajghat to seek the blessings of the President. the father of India after the elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that those students who have not attended colleges run by NEHU do not have the right to write the CUET examination. The Chief Minister today said that no written statement has been received yet but it has become clear from the talks with the Union Minister of Education that Meghalaya has only one Regarding the colleges in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister said that the CUET examination will be open only to those who will attend the colleges run by NEHU. Many of the colleges in the state are affiliated to NEHU but they are not run by NEHU because there is only one university.
It is to be recalled that the Minister of Sports and WD Sangma are former students of this school.
Many Islamic countries have abandoned this practice.
Tura, March 01: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has organized a public rally for the independence of the Garo people in Garo Hills. Nokmas, who is in charge of 60 villages, also attended the meeting, as well as the GSU, FKJGP, AYWO, including 60 villages in the country. thain Cell.
Returning to the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, it was a pleasure to watch because the dancers, both men and women, dressed in their traditional dress and carried gold and silver jewelry. in front of the feet of our mother, who came to dress and suit stem phyrnai, to fill the whole lympung shad.
Bhoirymbong, Naitung 30: U Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA of Umroi Constituency today inaugurated the warehouse of the Women's Wing at Lumshohping, Bhoirymbong.
It is for this reason that the people of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur will reject the Congress party.
He said that in each place there are between 10 and 12 policemen who have been taken from the Police Stations and placed in such places to provide security to the people, but now these are no longer needed. such as police stations.
All the elders, mothers and youth are invited to attend.
According to sources, two children were inside the house at the time of the fire, but thanks to the courage of Jenestar Thongni, son of Lestina Thongi, he escaped. to free the two children from injury.
Shillong, November 02: The KSU has been working hard to educate the public on the dangers of passing laws, said Bah Latiplang Kharkongor CEM. Shillong, November 02: The CAB will be held through street meetings around Shillong and also in other parts of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
She urged the patients who were present on this day, to take regular medicines and eat healthy foods so that they can get back to a healthy body.
The Film and Television Institute of India is one of the best filmmaking training institutions and has brought glory to the country today.
Shillong, June 06: The President of the Mawmluh Cherra Cements Employees Union (MCCEU) Shanlang Diengdoh on Tuesday said that they have sent a letter to the government to pay the salaries of the employees until the government pays the salaries of the employees. can be re-run the oil refinery.
The Chief Minister extended his special thanks to the Governor for doing this great job.
Regarding Tirot Sing Syiem, besides the information gathered in the past years, more and more information has been sought such as the family of the Hima Nongkhlaw from the lineage of Raja Kine. Sing and Kedro Manik Syiem and from other sources.
Shillong, November 19: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today unanimously approved the decision of the Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873) in Meghalaya.
Through the ration scheme and through the PMGKAY scheme which has been specially allocated during the lockdown.
“Our discussion with Block-1 and Block-2 is that they (Assam Government) should return them to Meghalaya especially the villages where most of the residents are our flesh and blood,” he said. Mr. Prestone said.
For this reason, the government has to do something for these 400 schools.
Therefore, the people should not misunderstand that it is a national discrimination because we do not mean to destroy the Khasi language.
The project will cover about 62 villages and the area will cover about 27,138 hectares in 10 Himas and Elaka. He hoped that this project, which is still a pilot project, will enable us to understand how much the world is in the midst of climate change. Mariang, said that the opening of such a project will bring benefits to Meghalaya and the North East as a whole especially in the states which have unique land customs and traditions.
Hundreds of members of FKJGP from all over Meghalaya called for the MDA government to condemn the MDA government. The meeting was held to express to the government the unemployment of the youth of the state. The government should create roadblocks to provide employment to the youth.
Corensius Manih, Vice President of AMAUPSTA, said that the same demand of the Association has been taken up and discussed in the Legislative Assembly. in October, 2020 but due to the outbreak of Covid-1
In the seni-final match which was held on the 29th of this month between Mukhim and Kharumnuid, Kharumnuid won 1-0
Similar incidents of electricity post collapse have happened in Jowai. The collapse was caused by the strong wind which blew on Saturday night. don't worry about anything.
The union has given two months to the employers to provide the documents to all foreign workers and if the employers fail to do anything, the union has promised to suspend them first. All these vehicle owners in the Mawlai area have expressed their concern to the KSU regarding the delay of the Labor Department in issuing Work Permits to foreign workers.
Chalai said the NEC has been involved in the launch of many major projects such as the North East Police Academy, Shillong.
To call a strike on Teachers' Day is sad because the state government has worked hard to resolve these issues.
Out of the 942 policemen from Meghalaya who were awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry, five were awarded the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. Two persons were awarded the Police Medal for Meritorious Service.
The government should take action as it has said, when it comes to the border issue, a decision should be brought in the House to take a decision. it is with the border demarcation with Assam.
One of the issues that has been clearly written is that the government should take a decision to have its own IAS and IPS team, as the current relationship with Assam has made it difficult for the IAS and IPS to work. Regarding the Metor area, Adelbert said the government should complete the border settlement with Assam. The commitment to evict the people living in Them Metor in accordance with the rules and regulations and those who live illegally should also be evicted according to the law.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Governor of Assam and Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today met the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in Delhi. .
“If the leaders are still turning away from the people, how many times will you turn away from them, here only 30 people are turning away from the people, how many times will you turn away from the people,” said Bah Titos. your speech in the House of Commons.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Kyntiewlin Kharsati, the youngest daughter of Bah Everton Nongrum, and Panora Kharsati, wife of Bah Gordon M. Tham, sister of Bah Ibarilin. Philadalin Kharsati, mother of Artet Banlam, Dulon Banjop and Lamer Phylla Damesha Kharsati, teachers of Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong, passed away on 21st June
Police hope to arrest the perpetrators.
Farmers are indeed the source of income for the country, the state and the region because all the food depends on the farmers.
On the other hand, the KHADC wants to see that before the celebration in April this year, the work should be completed.
At this public meeting, Ms Agens said that if the government does not do anything, she will lodge a complaint against the Chief Minister.
Ronald is the son of Rakhelda Syiem and Kresmohon Diengdoh of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng.
In the men's category, B Lamare and L Suchiang beat Gaurav Dutta and Biswajit Ghosh 21-19, 21-17, while Raynel Kharbuki and P Mazumdar (EKH) beat Babrian and Raymond ( Fearful) 21–8, 21–11.
There are 2313 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1137 cases in West Khasi Hills, 521 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 170 cases in Ri Bhoi and 91 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) alleged that the government has responded quickly to the GNLA, but has refused to provide them with accommodation recognized by the government.
On the other hand, the Members of the House who were present in the House today in their welcoming speech expressed their gratitude to him as the new Speaker and at the same time urged him to The Speaker shall preside over and conduct the House without interference.
Samuel Kynshi was named Man of the Match.
However, some in power, who want to take advantage of vote bank politics, have spoken in favor of Article
If the government does not take action, the union will forcefully ban the use of this book in all schools that use it.
Teiborlang Kharbangor, who is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong, said that the incident happened in the middle of the night in Jatah village after they returned from a trip to Syntung.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today clarified on the reports that there has been a spraying of fertilizer in the rice and one of the households who received the rice, shet and eat this bread.
In his speech, Amit Shah said that there are three major challenges that have existed for decades in the North East's journey towards development. the lack of railways, roads and airport connectivity in the region and the lack of efforts for the development of the northeast by the past governments.
Shillong, November 30: The Company
In his remarks, the Prime Minister stressed the need to expand research on the history of modern India in terms of people, institutions and fields, in order to bring about a better understanding. well among people about the past events of the country.
The union understands that there are schools and colleges which have to meet the needs of schools and colleges with the income from school fees and class fees paid by the students, but during this time of lockdown which has affected the schools and colleges. The Government should introduce a measure to assist and facilitate all parents and schools and colleges.
Referring to the demand for ILP for the sake of peace and order, the Chief Minister said that this issue has been discussed for many years since
On the part of the CEM of KHADC, he congratulated the Chief Executive Members, Village Authorities and the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia who came to take part in the successful Monolith Festival.
It is to be recalled that the team from Meghalaya has reached the final of the Santosh Trophy in
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) State Youth Wing (UDP) has decided to hold an election for the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to perform better in the 2023 elections. new carrier.
Regarding the postponement of the elections, there is no reason, the reason given is unacceptable because the reason given is only because of the COVID-19 pandemic, as it is now. Shillong, November 01: The KSU War Jaintia Circle on 30th November 2020 has convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia District and the Union. The Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia to give explanations and understanding regarding the opposition to the CAA and the demand for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the State.
The purpose of Bah Sounder to build the Khasi Patriotic Home at Nongkhlaw, the place where Syiem Tirot Singh came to live, is to preserve the historical artifacts of Syiem Tirot Singh. the great of Ri Khasi if it can still be seen.
However, Meghalaya will express its wishes to see that the state will remain owned and ruled by its own people regardless of whether it is ruled by foreigners from Bangladesh or Bangladesh. ha that he paid power outside the state.
People across the country should know that this place has a good climate and that this training center has been built in all aspects in this place, he said.
The Seng would also like to criticize that such statements are against the Jaitbynriew and statements that mislead and affect the Jaitbynriew which is still waiting for strong laws like the ILP to protect the country and the Jaitbynriew. illegal entry into the state without proper documents.
Shillong, June 24: North Eastern Hill University has won a gold medal in the Kickboxing Championship for Indian Universities for the first time since 20 to 23rd of this month.
It’s a political game.
The government is currently talking to such schools whether they can forgive 50% of the tuition fees. This is only a request from the government but it is up to those schools to take the decision whether to accept or reject the government's request.
At this meeting, D Dhyan, in his speech, said that as human beings we are not against any religion but our opposition is to the influx of foreigners to the North East. This is their opposition to India.
MDC from Mylliem Constituency, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the support of the National People's Party (NPP) to lead the new Executive Committee in Khasi Hills District is to release from the appointment of the Lat within the Council.
Also present on the occasion were officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, other groups and other health facilities in the state. Banyan Academy of Leadership and Mental Health (BALM), Sitaram Bhartia Institute of Science & Research, Bethany Hospital, Nazareth Hospital, the Mind and Wellness Centre, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) among others.
Police have recovered a mobile phone, T.200/- tyngka and 46 small coins from Sagar. Police said the suspect is from Robagre in Tura West Garo Hills. District.
The government should immediately clean up these poiwir from these areas.
This letter does not say how he died.
The Summit will encourage regional and bilateral dialogue and cooperation to address issues in the broadcasting sector in the region.
However, the task of developing the principles and mechanisms to manage the country and unlock the opportunities available to it is ongoing.
The residents of this area have been surprised by this loss and they don't know why they can't get the ration which they deserve. BPL, AAY and APLU Bah R Nongsiej, a resident of Balat area, said that for two months now, they have not received ration.
Tura, July 12: The ANVC (B) has said that it has nothing to do with the bomb blast in Tura on Saturday. according to a statement sent by email from the organization.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The President of the HSPDP party, Bah KP Pangniang today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mairang Constituency. The new district will be renamed the North West Khasi Hills District.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident and will find out the facts after the investigation.
He said that as a small state with low income, there has to be a close relationship between the state government and the central government in order to get support. Boundary Commission to resolve this issue.
Members of the JSU and some of the public donated blood as a sign of welcome to the Blood Bank in Jowai.
Agriculture in Meghalaya is still one of the sources of income for the state, Kumar urged the agriculture department to provide training to the youth who have learned He learned about agriculture and other activities related to agriculture.
All government offices, schools and government works will be closed in Khasi Hills District on the 18th of this month.
The six cases include Youdishthra Bham from Assam, Ashish Arya from Guwahati Assam, Khrawbok Rongrin from Shallang, Hopeful Nongtdu from Rymbai Synrang, Yaman Bansal from Beltola and Eras Dkhar from Guwahati. Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 710 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Eastern Khasi Hills. , West Garo Hills 109 cases, total number of cases
Police have arrested two suspects identified as Ajit Rabha, 18, and Kavita Rabha,
Referring to the work of the MDA government, the BJP leader said that the people will give the answer. that they should not be blindly supported.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Government today dismissed four Deputy Commissioners of four districts in the state and appointed RM Kurbah as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: A group of students of Arunachal Pradesh under the banner of the Arunachal Pradesh Students Union (ASUS) today held a march against the killing of Nido Tania in Delhi was arrested.
Shillong, March 19: The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) General Secretary Nelbi Sangma on Tuesday said that the party has scheduled to hold a public meeting for the 35th Ranikor Constituency on the 27th of this month. in Ranikor.
The union demands that the DC should immediately revoke this order.
Director, producer and writer Subhash Ghhai, singers like Sonu Nigam, Ustad Rashid Khan, KS Chithra, Deepti Rekha Padhi, Vaishali Samant, Mehmeet Syed, Papon, Abhishek Bonthu, and ECI icon Pankaj Tripathi attended the National Voters Day celebration. 13th in New Delhi.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Lions Club of Shillong will hold the Lions International Peace Poster Contest on the 9th of March at 10 am at the Lady Keane College Auditorium.
The President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, Eddy Kery Pohtam urged the people to be prepared in their movements, their residences and workplaces.
It may be recalled that there have been allegations that the Assam Government wants to set up a Police Out Post in the area, but the Meghalaya Government has blocked the road and this has caused panic among the people. region.
The MLCU will take all necessary measures to implement this system of Khasi medicine in a proper manner in accordance with the provisions of the law passed by the KHADC. of Khasi Traditional Medicine) Act, 2011.
Prof.D.K.Nayak, in his speech, said that it is necessary to commemorate the freedom fighters and the ancestors who sacrificed their lives for the liberation of the country. country.
Bah Adelbert said that as a leader of the people he will say what he should say to protect the people and he has confidence in the police department to do what is necessary and to show that they can do their job. which they work to provide protection to the state as a whole.
What is more shocking is that according to the announcement issued by the government, only engineers and architects who have passed the P.Hd degree can sign the plan. “Those people who have passed this grade in Meghalaya,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has long wanted to implement this new currency, because the number of counterfeit currencies in the country has increased too much because the citizens of the country use them. money to destroy India.
We will be able to complete this within 10 years,” said Dr. Nonglait.
“If the government sets up this BLOOD BANK in Jowai soon, it will be a blessing to the people who are treated in Civil Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres in West Jaintia Hills District,” he said. , said the President of KSU Laskein Circle.
The union also urged the Minister to find ways and means to provide medical equipment at the CHC so that it will benefit the people and to strengthen the work of the SMC or EMRB. so that it can expedite and expedite the processing of complaints from the public.
In his speech, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, Principal of St. Edmunds College, said that poetry in Khasi is not just writing or singing but has its own role in which writers want to write poetry. speak and communicate to the public what they have to say.
The RBYO demanded that the CBI should inquire into the matter to find out the facts and demanded that the Meghalaya government should take responsibility for the disappearance of the “The people of this area have been affected by the construction of the airport,” said Bah Lapang.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Answering a question by Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang on the Kulsi Dam Project, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government knows about the Kulsi Dam Project. There is no intention to build this dam and it will affect many land plots.
Shillong, July 15: Shillong Police have informed that Maina Chettri of Hindu Mission Lumdiengjri Shillong has been missing since November 21,
“As a united nation at this time of need, we must do whatever is necessary for the good of future generations,” said Bah Eldie.
The police have been strengthening their fight against the drug traffickers who want to destroy the youth. drugs.
After a three-hour discussion, the Tamil Nadu Tribal Council (TNTC) has been named the Tamil Nadu Tribal Council (TNTC) and its office will now be located at the residence of Tamil Nadu. Thirty-three (33) members have been elected to the Executive Council including three office bearers representing 36 forty-seven tribal communities of the Tamil Nadu Tribal Council. Thiru Gunasekaran, Chairman, Thiru.
The police's attempt was thwarted by the intervention of the people who accompanied Kong Bindas during the protest.
They will sing a song titled Jashn-e-Hindustan on the occasion of the Independence Day celebrations which will be broadcast today at 8.30 am on Star Plus.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and MHIS are in the process of selecting the companies as the tender has been called again on 26th March 2018 for the implementation of the project. that soon it will work soon.
The BSF troops are still patrolling the border with Bangladesh to ensure that illegal trade does not take place, as there are still many areas that have not been cleared and many have taken advantage of the situation. BSF has seized 3308 cows and muid from Meghalaya to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The party also said that this statement of the MR of Assam has fueled more and will lead to ethnic differences between the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
: A woman and her two children have been evicted from their village by the Dorbar Shnong Lumlakhait, West Jaintia Hills District on charges of possessing Taro.
The meeting was conducted by MacDonald Nongrang (president Mairang Circle) and speeches were delivered by Wantei Lyngdoh (GS WKHD), Joplang Kharnaior (President North West Khasi Hill), Donboklang Kharlyngdoh (VP HYC) and Robertjune Kharjahrin. HYC President).
“We have requested the World Bank to provide assistance from explaining to the public to set up Resource Recovering Centers (RRC) to help collect non-rotten and rotten waste in the villages. ,” said Pyniaid in an interview with the media.
Therefore, the circle under the leadership of Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw President of the Circle without any delay went and donated food items to the God's Dream Children's Home.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) has requested the government to forgive the bailight of the people who have not been able to pay their bills during the lockdown. don't be in need.
Bah Gavin expressed his gratitude to the officers, the Syiem and the Dorbar Hima Sohra for their cooperation with the Government authorities to implement this project which will soon benefit the residents, said the Sohra MLA.
In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC, it said that the KHADC has set up this group to look into the issue of border issue which has been going on for decades. The border between Meghalaya and Assam has not been resolved.
In another incident, the family members of Arningstar Marthong have lodged a complaint with the police alleging that Arningstar Marthong attempted to rape a three-year-old girl inside his residence. in the village of Siejlieh.
At this meeting, all the religious leaders gave a special greeting to the Hindu community and requested the residents to pray for a successful and peaceful Durga Puja. will be in the state.
The Congress leaders from Pynursla will meet tomorrow morning in Shillong to discuss the issue and it is understood that the Congress leaders from all over the country will take a decision tomorrow morning. Units may leave the Congress party.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The EJNC, KSU, JSU, FKJGP, JSM, JNC, HANM and HYC have condemned the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfiel Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month. , JYF, MPUF, UHM urge all the residents of Jaintia Hills to come out and hold a march as a sign of protest against the law enforcement agencies.
In his speech, Bah KW Marbaniang Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said that such training should reach the people in the villages with the participation of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, will hold its annual Excellence Award 2019 on 30/11/2019 at 10.30 am. AM, at the Football Ground, Wapung School, East Jaintia Hills.
This action of the Rangbah has upset many of the residents of the village.
The 10th Annual Eucharistic Procession of the Diocese of Shillong will be held on the 12th of this month.
Shillong, July 31: The Central Youth Front (PDF) today held a meeting at 8:30 am today. This morning as part of the launch of the election campaign in a different manner, the party held a 'Motor Bike Rally' to 24 different constituencies of the Khasi Hills. in the Nongrim Hills of Shillong.
Referring to the preparation of the Meghalaya Police, he said that they have already trained 2000 officers in these new laws. The difference now is that the police have become more active.
The body of the policeman was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem before being handed over to the relatives for the last rites.
Two of the robbers reached out to the man, while the other robber grabbed the woman.
The gang has committed the same crime many times and has been ordered to lodge a complaint and register a complaint, the SP said. Other members of the gang who are still on the run to escape from the hands of the Police.
The Government of Meghalaya has submitted to the Government of Assam that there are 12 areas with common interests and out of these 12 discussions, 6 areas without mutual interests have been agreed to be discussed first. response.
The Khasi Hills District leaders also congratulated the Executive Magistrate, Superintendent of Police and Traffic, East Khasi Hills District together with their officers and police force for the security and traffic control arrangement, which they have done in those days.
At the same time, Samla Gabriel thanked all those who have supported him in this journey from MLAs, MDCs as well as civil society and private individuals who have helped him to support him to get to this point.
The Dorbar Kur Kharraswai invites and invites all the members of the Kur Kharraswai to attend the meeting as scheduled and to respect the time.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the Chief Secretary of the State to look into the matter. They will submit a report to the government whether it has been opened or not.
Many of these materials are radioactive.
The purpose of the FKJGP by launching this book is to awaken the people in terms of employment, whether in any field, as an organization. I saw that there were still many jobs that the nation did not want to do, and I came to take over these jobs from other people.
These 342 cases have been registered in the High Court of Meghalaya.
Goyal said that we should go back to our roots and added that there are many ways for us to learn from our customs and traditions and offer this to the world.
If we talk about the number of Ministers from the North Eastern States, at present, only three of them will get the number of Ministers, which is almost half of what was available in the Modi Government
The demand for Garoland : The Garo who are our brothers, in the struggle and demand for Garoland, have become increasingly strong among the Garo people for the same reasons and they have seen clearly that all the opportunities for Khaddar rule have been lost. Shillong from the Rajbhavan, the Legislative Assembly, the Secretariat, Heads of Departments, Universities and Heads of Government of India. The Khasi-Pnar have paved the way for democracy and a bright future for the people of Garo Hills.
Ms Ampareen in her speech, encouraged the students of Malki and said that she is very proud to be able to take part with them in such a programme.
To raise awareness on the need to respect human rights and also not to allow racism to gain a foothold in the region.
The Minister in charge of Urban Development, Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the government has directed the District Council to assist the government in the processing of documents. to verify.
JACBOM urges the government to register the land on the border with Assam. All the MLAs and MDCs were invited to the meeting but only Bah Charles Marngar attended the meeting. .
This commemoration of those who have died in this month is to pray for the souls to receive eternal rest in Heaven.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The FKJGP Sengkmie through this statement wishes a Happy Teachers' Day to all the teachers from primary schools, colleges and universities in Meghalaya including to all the teachers of the Institutions, Training Centres, Skills Development Agencies and to other training providers who cannot be named here.
Shillong, Naitung 20: A group from Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum today came to take part in the inauguration of the new Block in Lumawsing. .
He said that when the employees refused to issue the certificates, they came and threatened the employees and the management of the thew.
He congratulated all the winners and participants and urged them to work hard to bring glory to the state.
New Delhi, July 17: The Cabinet Committee on Welfare and Welfare of the people of India has decided to approve the implementation of schemes under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Scheme. The Mission (JNNURM) will continue until 14th October
Shillong, Lber 22: Members of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District have arrested a suspected drug dealer while driving a vehicle near Laitlawsang at night. The arrested person is Anderson Lyngdoi.
“The Sengbhalang will not hold any protest program but will hold a public meeting on the 30th of November at 11 am and the venue of the meeting will be announced later,” he said. KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa.
Vicent said that as a party we have faced many challenges, as a party let us work together as a group, the people of Meghalaya know that they don't have MLAs but they have the right to vote. The people of Meghalaya expect them to work together as a party.
Police said that the same group when they reached Mahari Petrol Pump shot dead a Swiggy food driver in Jaiaw and when they reached Jaiaw Central they shot dead two students from Kerala. while standing at the ES Restaurant.
“For many years he did not call the Dorbar.
This was achieved thanks to the initiative of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency who has funded all the expenses through the MDC Scheme to improve and complete the construction of the well. also a suitable Saitjain place for the safety of the residents.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government is making progress in this regard under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
No.229/2015, against the District Administration, Shillong and the office of the Chief Executive Officer, Shillong.
it means the strength and ability of the body and mind to work or carry; it means to feel in oneself what is happening as it should be.
The training program was conducted with the aim of preparing the youth of the state, to provide information and training on all the needs so that it can open up employment opportunities for the youth of the region.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM, KHADC, recalled the challenges and difficulties that the Jaid bynriew has faced in the past years, but He said that it is through all these difficulties and trials that she has regained the courage to write and stand firm and fight against the odds to shape tomorrow.
This is only an attempt because no one has yet agreed to translate the necessary parts using the original Khasi language.
The Bill also contains provisions to punish those who commit violence against persons with disabilities and the States should have a special court to hear such cases. District.
The landslide occurred at Sonapyrdi village near the BSF Check-post where the fallen trees hit several trucks and damaged them.
Mr. John F Kharshiing.
Lamare said the talks were successful, as the Chief Minister has made it clear that he does not want to make a promise now but they will see in the Budget Session regarding the Block and as it is now they have the hope of getting the block.
Sangma Head Teacher of Rongreng Baiza Government Lower Primary School, Babu Wilton Marak Headmaster of Daram Government Upper Primary School, Babu Frederick R. Sangma Headmaster of Dobasipara Upper Primary School, Babu Manoj Kumar Prasad, Assistant Mirabella G. Sangma, Head Teacher-cum Secretary, Chengkompara Nokat Government Lower Primary School and Babu Nozmul Arefin, Vice Principal, Baghmara Government Higher Secondary School.
Prestone said that there are three cases of COVID-19 at the Civil Hospital, these three cases have been placed farther away from the public hospital and the staff who have been assigned to treat these three cases will be treated. do not mix with others.
When asked whether the government will ban the use of duna in the state, the Chief Minister said that the government is now considering whether to ban or release as it is. .
Other topics will include the Railway, Border Management, and Education.
Surprisingly, these employees of the Shillong Municipal Board, in their bodies, were wearing raincoats, while their heads were covered with plastic bags to protect themselves from the rain. They work hard to fulfill their duty.
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement strongly condemned the Meghalaya government for the arrest of Steven Kharkrang, President KSU Umiam Circle. which is related to the railway line.
Two students of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdop-Jowai this year have witnessed two students who have entered the sixth position through Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang and Joshavia Onan Paswet.
Lop's statement.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dhruva Hazarika, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Assam.
To date, many journalists in India have sacrificed their lives to do their job in providing information to the people of the country.
Private companies who sell water to the public during the time of water shortage used to charge only T.1500 tyngka for 6000 liters but now they charge between T.200 and T.500 tyngka per litre. part of a thousand liters.
Members of the committee included Zenith M Sangma of AITC, HM Shangpliang of BJP, Augustine D Marak of GNC, Methodius Dkhar of HSPDP, Ronnie V Lyngdoh of INC and Pyndapborthiaw Saibon. Renikton L Tongkhar UDP, Ardent Basaiawmoit VPP, Chief Secretary Meghalaya will be the members of the committee.
Conrad Sangma said he has released his security guards, the driver and the staff who used to be with him to allow them to cast their votes.
The second is to stand firm on Article 244(2) of the Constitution to strengthen the District Autonomous Council and not to turn to Article 371 (A) and (G) like the Nagas and Mizos. The fourth is to repeal the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012, the fourth is to say that the MLA scheme is the right of the people. to receive without being imprisoned under any condition, that the beneficiaries of the MLA scheme shall be free from all these.
In the past years, KHNAM has seen through the media that school teachers have had to stand up to protest for their rights such as the lack of salary, the delay in receiving their salary. and others.
On a tip-off from the intelligence agencies, BSF Meghalaya troops conducted a raid on the border and seized muid, Phensedyl, sugar, clothes and other items.
Speaking to reporters, Lyngwa said that Bah Storgy Lyngdoh, who was a member of the HNLC peace talks team, had smuggled into Meghalaya from Bangladesh and was arrested by the police. East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A total of 846 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Play Border CP 10.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: The Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep Hills District has started spreading across the Khasi Hills and has established branches in its respective areas.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Central Executive Committee of KHNAM has decided to nominate 29 candidates for the MDC election
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) has congratulated the Khmih Shillong team for their participation in the India's Got Talent competition. about 9 to 11years old.
The time will be from 2.00 pm to 10.00 pm.
Release the revenue collected from Motor Vehicle Taxes to the GHADC immediately as the State Government has not released the money for years,” said Marak.
On the other hand, all the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids and Dorbar Kurs, hold Dorbars with the children of the thousands once a year and give a census in front of the children of the thousands while the KHADC authorities have banned and set and hidden the Dorbars. the annual meeting of the Mylliem Hima Dorbar.
Of these parking lots built by the government and installed by the Shillong Municipal, the parking lots where many shops have appeared in the parking lots are the parking lots opposite Bank SBI. Bhoi car stopped at Jaka.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Niwel Shadap today said that the raid has 34 villages and out of these 21 villages fall under Block-II. They should not be in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 25: The Anti-Infiltration Unit of the Police Department is necessary from time to time and the KSU urges the department to continue in all parts of the state. .
During the meeting, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the MCMRF for its contribution to the MCMRF in the fight against COVID-19 in the state. can fight against this disease.
The announcement was made today by the Ministry of Law and Justice.
The meeting demanded that the government should punish severely those who rape women whether in the form of rape or trafficking or any other form of violence against women. It urges the government authorities, religious leaders and all churches to speak out and oppose such incidents which affect the human dignity.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Mr. MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO-Central Body, praised Mr. Prostassius Suiam, a sweet son, who does not have education, but for valuing education. and concerned about the backwardness of the Jaidbynriew in education, especially by paying special attention to the poor and orphans, he established this school alone in 2007 with the aim of improving and developing education. education in Sohkymphor and other neighboring villages, especially for children from poor families and orphans.
General points of the rules.
They express patriotism.
When they rise, they open the door for employment.
So far, the team has reached different parts of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
He quoted poet Subramaniam Bharti as saying that India will show the world the path of freedom from all kinds of problems.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister said that RTI exists, but many of those who use RTI are only to misuse it, but to bring accurate clarity. to the people is through the participation of the people in seeking information on what the government is doing for the development of the people in the villages and in this way it cannot be kept secret. of the people.
Even if they are not affected by Triple Talaq, they are always afraid that it can happen to them at any time.
The 11th International Tourism Mart was inaugurated on 12th November in Shillong by the Union Minister of State for Tourism, Shripad Yesso Naik in the presence of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Birbor Riangtem said that the protest is to request the government to have compassion for them as human beings. I'm going to smoke shisha in my house.
The salary for the month of April 2020 will be released today, the salary for the month of April will be released next month. by Christmas.
This was announced by the President of HANM Jaintia Hills Unit, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
NEC Secretary Moses Chalai and senior officials of the NEC, as well as Resident Commissioners/members from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Manipur also participated in the meeting.
In the men's category, the Shillong Dajo Karate Association won the first title and the All Meghalaya Karate Do Association came second.
Recognized universities shall post prospectuses on their websites at least 70 days before the call for admission, including prices, refund procedure, availability of seats in programmes, admission requirements. in studies, the selection process of trainees, and so on.
He said they have the hope of winning the CEM election tomorrow.
The Seng also urges the people of South West Khasi Hills District to be prepared if they have to take a firm decision on this issue in the future.
The first session of the 18th Lok Sabha is expected to end on 3rd November 2024 if the government does not have anything to bring.
It aims to provide health facilities in these areas and also to provide services to those who are most at risk.
There will be less than 25 people in attendance including all the members of the Executive Committee of KAS, participants, some of the members of KAS in the field of assistance and journalists.
On this occasion, the benefits of flower farming were explained to the media and the area will become a tourist destination for foreigners as well as those from the state.
Rangbah Shnongs, Bhalang leaders, political party leaders, Hills State fighters and several people involved in the Hills State struggle were invited to the celebration.
On the 29th, Kamai has released a collection of songs in the style of traditional music entitled “Dam aimi u yoo ngeit.
The Seng also warns the UPFKL that if it wants to fight, the Seng is ready to take to the battlefield.
Shillong, March 09: Unidentified persons today broke into the shop of Meghalaya Machineries in Motphran and killed only one of the shopkeepers.
After testing, it was confirmed to be heroin.
: About 100 farmers of Krang Circle took part in a training conducted by the KJFA at Krang Circle on Tuesday.
He said that all those who work in any job on this day should get leave according to the N.I.Act,
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has 50,000 teachers in the state and the government's expenditure to pay them has reached T.2200 crore. In the past year, he said, the education department has been one of the government departments which the government has taken steps to improve education in the state.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNDF) East Khasi Hills District led by Bah Bless Dkhar today met with the Syiem of Myllien Hima, Paiem Manik Syiem. Speaking to reporters, Bah Bles Dkhar said that the meeting with the Syiem was very pleasant. He promised to inspect the market together with the HNYF and at the same time the HNYF together with the Hima Myllien will inspect and also confiscate the trading licenses of people especially non-Khasis. .
Nongkrem, Nailar 30: The Nongkrem Youth Welfare Organization (SSNPSWO) today held a ceremony to honor the youth of the area who have passed well in their examination in various grades with 75%. up.
“We understand that if there is no priest, it can cause many problems.
She said the fire started from the factory and witnesses informed the police and fire brigade but unfortunately the police did not come until the victims. They had to go to the Police Station and even the fire brigade had to call themselves which took them less than 2 hours to reach the scene.
He added that the ICCCs have become the hubs of these smart cities and also a good example of using technology to strengthen urban development.
He said that he has no idea how to play chess because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Saibon said that there is a need for a law to ban the formation of political parties within the District Councils. the development of the constituency in which they lead and the nation.
The Congress Manifesto in the last elections had promised to employ 10 lakh youth in the state but the surprising thing is that even these youth who have passed the examination have not been employed yet. The Employment and Generation Cell of the KSU has asked where this promise has come from.
We must carry forward with the belief that in the next five years we have to do more than four times the work done in the last 70 years to conserve water and rejuvenate water sources.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: U Bah Robert Kharshiing, who was born on 7th July 1959 and passed away on the same day, will be buried tomorrow morning. On 7th June 2022, he was the son of Prof Martin N Majaw, former MLA and Edith M Kharshiing.
The group also demanded that the CEM and EM should immediately remove the Syiem from his post in order to bring back a clean and transparent governance as demanded by the people. for thousands of years as it has been until now.
The sports meet was held throughout the day through various types of sports including Kho Kho, High Jump, Long Jump, Short Put, Marathon and others. and at the same time to temporarily refresh the minds of the students and at the same time to ensure that the students have a healthy body which is the most important part of life. .
Shillong, Naiwieng, 28:The Taxi Drivers Association of East Khasi Hills today announced that they will strike on the 30th of this month during a public meeting held by 14 unions. Speaking to reporters, WJyrwa General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Association (EPA) said that they are deeply concerned about the government's silence on the ILP. This has led to the loss of commercial taxis due to the protests.
He said that 67,000 students have received training from this training centre. He hopes for a better future where the future residents of the state will get adequate education so that they can succeed. current problems of anxiety disorders, depression and other mental health problems.
Harshit Tyagi General Manager said that it is a pleasure to work together to make Ryntih one of the clubs to promote football in the state. training in this state.
On the part of Bah RM Marwei, owner of the newspaper, in his speech, he told about the journey from 1987 until now that the beginning of journalism started from letter press, to sheet fed, and now in this new age known as CTP printing.
In this regard, there has been a mass march in Bangladesh to the Deputy Commissioner's office of Bangladesh to demand the restoration of the ownership of the Khasi in terms of land.
The Seng requests all those who have the spirit of Sngewbha to help this family, so that it will be a blessing, as they have only two brothers.
With regard to face shields, as in other countries, these have been made mandatory whereby all persons working in the film industry must wear face shields except those actor while they are in front of the film company.
The training was attended by representatives from the Police Department, Health Department, Road Construction Department, Fire Department, Home Guard and Media Department. and the same from EMRI
The BSF is doing its utmost to curb the smuggling.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Speaking at the celebration of the 62nd Anniversary of the Bahrat Scout and Guide Group, Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary said, “I am sad to see that many youngsters don't have the spirit to work".
Also present on the occasion were BDO Nongstoin Bah V.Swer as the Chief Guest, DMHO Dr. W.W.Phira, Gen.
No one was injured in the blast of these two coal factories and the blast of the illegal Coke Plant will continue.
Referring to the desire for a committee to discuss this issue, he said that there is a standing committee in the Rajya Sabha.
Jowai, Naitung 26: Various Sengbhalang in the country will gather on Tuesday at Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District to explain to the public the need to force the government to implement the Inner Line Permit ( ILP) in Meghalaya, the purpose of this public meeting is to explain to all the citizens of the country in order to demand from the state government to implement this law. to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and foreigners into Meghalaya, without any restrictions or regulations as in other tribal states like Nagaland and Mizoram.
We asked for clarification on this.
After a long discussion, the Rangbah Shnongs found that this Bill is unacceptable because it has nothing to do with the infiltration of that pictures are in this state.
The reason for the announcement of the candidates for next month is that many of the party office bearers are not in Shillong and many of them have left for their respective villages in the New Year.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Riew Rangbah, the Elders, the Long Kmie Long Kpa, the Youth of the Shnong and other invitees. Thank you for watching this special and memorable day of Shnong Tanglei.
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah S Lyngdoh, said that it is surprising that the police have registered a case without checking the complainant or the phone number of the party. to this complaint.
The goal is to connect every region and part of the country with the aim of sustainable economic development through SabkaPrayas (everyone's steps).
Syndar Marbaniang, President of HNYF, Babu NP Syiem, Headmaster of Jidor Singh Memorial UP School, Bah Lamare, SDSEO, Mairang Civil Sub Division, Bah Lyngdoh Circle. Inspector Mairang Police, Civil Sub-Division and Mairang MLA.
This new scheme will replace the Rural Housing Scheme.
“We will not allow reckless driving and we will ensure that they will be punished and fined according to the laws of the country,” he said.
Pay For Right Football Academy and Mylliemlum Sports Club have been promoted to the 2nd Division Football League to be held by the Shillong Sports Association next season.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The JSU Labang Nongphyllut Elaka and its members have met with the Chief Executive Officer of the State, Bah Cyril V Diengdoh IAS. The petition was also sent to the Chief Minister and the Chairman of the Regional Committee, Ma Snaiawbhalang Dhar.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, of the State Planning Board, also invited the Lum owners who are Nongkrem who attended the meeting especially from Mylliem and Khyrim, who expressed their concerns. Thank you and happy to receive such an explanation on this method of farming.
On the other hand, the EM of KHADC, urged the people that if any Village Authority takes more than 10% in the sale and purchase of land, they should inform the District Council authorities to punish them. according to the law.
Jowai, Naitung 01: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO) has strongly condemned the murder of a 9-year-old girl from Umjalasiaw village, West Jaintia Hills District. kidnapped and killed by the enemy in his own house, just because he wanted to kill his wife who was the brother of this young man.
On the other hand, the ARPA has not yet taken any decision whether to send an inquiry or not, but he said the EC will meet soon to discuss whether to send an inquiry or not.
Speaking about her love story, Director Dieter Berner explained that the film is about a famous Vietnamese woman, Alma Mahler, who is beautiful and brave, who questions social conditions.
In his speech, the Chief Guest highlighted the importance and benefits of cycling every day and encouraged the people of Meghalaya to accept cycling as part of their activities. them for health.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has condemned the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma for its stingy attitude towards the railway project.
On the other hand, the Seng has also warned the leaders of the Puja Committee that first of all they should ensure the cleanliness of their places of worship and should not spread the nuit on the streets and in the villages and townships, that they should not sing more than the time set by the Deputy Commissioner.
Chief Whip Marcus Marak, Jim Sangma MLA Rongjeng, Pongseng Marak MLA Bajengdoba, Deputy Commissioner SC Sadhu were also present at the two-day festival. and other government officials of North Garo Hills District.
Two Dorbar sessions have been held but nothing has been passed, so in this Dorbar in March 2020, this task and others should be completed.
Shillong, November 11: Answering a question by Opposition Leader Cornrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Cabinet meeting will be held today to discuss the issue. The government will introduce the bill in the current session.
On the other hand, NEHU SU has requested the government and the state electricity department, if possible, to temporarily suspend the loadshading so that the students can get better. to prepare for their exams.
In this regard, the HYC demands that these tops should be covered again to avoid the radiation.
Where is Mawsynram village lost during the ration shortage and where is Mawsynram village lost during the lack of doctors of CHC and where is Mawsynram village lost during the Dkhars performing puja inside Mawjymbuin Creek and many others The Shnong, in fact, should have fought but remained silent.
This is an opportunity to serve the youth of the area through the training of the youth.
This statement was signed by Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, President.
If it is a Covid mask, we will accept it, but it is a mask that is covered to see only the face.
When you don't have a law, you don't have to respect it.
The development of Teacher Education Programmes.
Last year, the KSU had closed down several banks and offices of private companies which opened on Good Friday and this year it will do the same and urged all these types of offices to close on Good Friday. on Good Friday.
Police have seized the vehicle from Byrnihat and are searching for the perpetrators. The incident happened at Ronghona in Ri Bhoi District. you are D Sangma.
At the same time, Bah Rymbai said that the union demands from the government to increase the salary of SSA teachers who have not been specially trained in teaching. 18000/- for teachers in LP Schools and T.19000/- for teachers in UP Schools, from T.13, 335/- and T.1 , 943/-.
" I rely on life experiences, I bond with people and try to bring that in my films," he added.
The opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act and the opposition to the mining of uranium in the State and the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that after receiving detailed information regarding the Marba Hub, the HANM has found that it is not as alleged. The party shall not investigate before taking any action if there is any allegation against anyone.
The main objective of this program is to improve income generation in rural areas by teaching them to set up their own businesses so that they can stand on their own feet and alleviate poverty or you are backward.
The union urged the authorities to take action in this regard and strongly condemned the office of the SDSEO, Mawkyrwat.
In this regard, the police have issued a warning for several months that the public should not buy items from people who sell them. catch customers as well.
The family members of the child said that Dr. J. Chullai (Chair Person of the Child Welfare Committee) should not be afraid of these things. The sad thing is that Dr.J.Chullai has taken sides with the teacher, and has threatened the child that she is “I'm a thief, a thief and I'll send the police to arrest you,” she said. However, this child who was overwhelmed by fear has affected her mental powers as a child who still needs to be taught in the right way. “Therefore, on this occasion, the two organizations strongly condemn the Head Mistress and Dr. J. Chullai (Chair Person of JYF). The Child Welfare Committee (Child Welfare Committee) has urged the State Government to immediately remove the Chairperson of Dr.J.Chullai. The CWC has been appointed to the CWC to get people who have the spirit of responsibility to solve the problems without being biased, said the leaders.
Regarding the sale of the land of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the CEM said it is a serious matter for the KHADC to take action.
Drivers are also advised to be patient and not to rush and at the same time to be thoughtful and cautious while passing through this road.
The NRC will transform the training of teachers in higher education by enabling about 1.5 million teachers through the use of ICT and online technology through SWAYAM. The Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government today held a celebration of Ajeevika and Kaushal Vikas Diwas.
It may be recalled that Samla Nehemayah Tyngkan is one of the youths who used to lead his group of friends to clean up the garbage at Musiang Market in Jowai last year. The employees of the Municipal Jowai have stopped working due to lack of salary.
The Trust appoints Doctors, Nurses, ANMs and GNMs and other staff through contracts with the Government and the cost comes from the Government and its task is to run the PHCs, However, the HYC has received information that the Trust has dismissed about 29 people.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman Kitbor Suting said that the meeting was held with the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Pyniaid explained that these Garo people cannot become Rangbah Shnongs in these villages and the CEM said that the Hima Mylliem has its own law.
After escaping from the hotel, she was ordered to go to the nearest police station to inform. The girl went to the East Town police station where the rapist was arrested.
The three candidates announced by the NPP today are Pyniaid Sing Syiem from the 13th Mawryngkeng LA constituency, Jigur Myrthong from the 34th Mawshynrut LA constituency and Don. Kupar Masar will contest from the 35th Ranikor Constituency.
“She is currently undergoing treatment at Ganesh Das Hospital,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
On the same day, the Shillong Cantonment Board also celebrated Swatch Bahrat Day by cleaning up the cantonment area especially the Anajlee area and other areas under its jurisdiction.
Shillong, March 11: Elections in GHADC will be held within six months, according to Babu Kular Khongjirem.
The foundation stone laid by the government ministers has been destroyed by wild elephants in the past few months, said the villagers of New Jirang.
The election was attended by the President and Secretary of the Central Body, Commander Shangpliang and Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew.
It is a Rs 13 crore project and there are about 8-9 sites where the project has been constructed.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in a tweet said that his father PA Sangma was one of those who loved Lata's songs. The Speaker of the Lok Sabha was invited to sing the song 'Sare Jahan Se Acha'
The ceremony was led by the Archbishop of Guwahati, Rev John Moolachira and 100 other Bishops from the North East from Kerala and one Bishop from Bangladesh. .
The families of this village have to send their children to school to Wahkaji which is more than 10 kms away.
The train was seized while it was leaving Guwahati railway station.
The residents passing through the GS Road from Mawlai to Damsait have seen the cleaning left by the company, but the PWD has not listened to the cleaning.
The Government has taken this decision to allow the employees who have worked day and night to rest as people have to rest 7 days a month and in the same Government these days. The closure of these entry and exit points shall spray these places to prevent the spread of the disease.
Police from Umkiang Patrol Post, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday at about 8:00 pm conducted a raid at Rattachera Check Post and searched vehicles passing through the check post.
Shillong, July 15: U Bah Process T Sawkmie today told the media that he is not a politician who is willing to change one and take another, as he is an MLA elected by the people. .
Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station led by the Officer Incharge, during the investigation, seized a vehicle from a parking lot at Laitkor Kynton-u-mon village.
There have been 134 recoveries, 78 from East Khasi Hills and 26 from Ri Bhoi. The total number of recoveries has risen to 74,3 day in the entire state.
The Chief Minister said that the land has been handed over to the Government by the Syiem of Mylliem.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, urged the Prime Minister of India to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution. .
Also present on the occasion were the Minister in charge of Law Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister of Education Rakkam Sangma, High Court judges and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) will soon hold the International Open Grandmaster for the first time in Shillong. Grandmasters from all over the world including Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Zambia, Uzbekistan, Egypt, Thailand and USA will take part in the tournament. One of the participants is also from India and about 10 from the State will take part in the A category.
The school building was donated by three brothers to the church for the establishment of the school which was named Lawmadion Presbyterian LP School.
Regarding the sending of goods from one place to another, they will hold public meetings in all the Divisions to explain to the public about the operation of the post offices.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Joe Marwein President of FKJGP, who is the kitten of the FKJGP, said that their visit to meet the government today is only on one ground. The ILP should be implemented in Meghalaya.
He acknowledged that the party also urges the implementation of the decision of the Syiem not to cut kilos of agricultural products and if it cannot be implemented, the farmers will not hesitate to appeal to the authorities.
The chief of police to be transferred is Mukesh Kumar Singh (IPS) who is Inspector General of Police (Law & Order) and will take over as Inspector General of Police, Commandant General Civil Defense and Home Guards.
People also had the opportunity to see the talent required to make these items that have a strong connection to deiriti.
After the outbreak has subsided, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has resumed the vaccination campaign so that the children can get healthy. for the good of their children.
In the letter, they said that the people of the North East of India are against the bill, as well as various civil society organizations are strongly against the passage of the bill.
On this occasion, the Seng has appointed more than 37 members and office bearers of the Seng in this new unit.
Bansuklang L. Nongbri of Silver Lee FC won the Best Player award, Sanborlang Lyngdoh of Nongumlong FC won the Top Scorer award and Sunshine Kharumnuid of Nongumlong FC won the Best Goalkeeper award. FC.(SP News).
The party said that it is for this reason that non-tribals have been elected as members of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and this has caused strong opposition from the Garo people.
These two roads have been approved by the MLA of Assam with the knowledge of Bah Warjri Secretary of Nongspung Hima.
According to sources, the children who were circumcised at the government hospital are residents of the Meherba Orphanage in Laban.
Part IX was introduced in the Constitution following this amendment which introduced the three parts of Panchayats, the powers and responsibilities of Panchayats.
Bah T Laloo Executive Engineer of PWD said that there are still many villages with a population of less than 250 people which have not yet received roads. Bah C.Najiar, SDO, PHE, Khliehriat explained the working methods of the PHE department regarding the provision of drinking water for the people.
Out of the 250 people who have received treatment support, only 77 people and the remaining 173 people still need human support.
The HFU also takes this opportunity to urge the Villages, Raids and especially the Himas especially the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs, Ministers of Villages, Syiems, Lyngdohs, to encourage the children of the thousands to buy first. agricultural products from the state as part of the assistance to the farmers of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 12: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that those who cause trouble are stupid, they are unemployed and the law will take action.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Union Government has implemented the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) on the border between Assam and Meghalaya and also on the border between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh for about 20 km. neh for six months starting from the 4th of this month.
“After the Government said it had received only Rs 76 crore from Delhi.
Shillong, March 14: The HITO today laid flowers in front of the Secretariat, the BJP office, the Chief Minister's residence and the NPP office to express their opposition to the Teachers who have been shot in the face.
He also stressed that the alliance between the INC and the NPP was decided by the party and not by him alone.
I am sure that many of his speeches have caused embarrassment to the people of Assam and have also affected the feelings of the people of Meghalaya,” said the VPP leader. India (TRAI) has received information that some fraudsters have been sending WhatsApp, SMS, phone calls to the public claiming to be TRAI employees. office documents.
"“These two projects have been awarded to private companies but due to the lack of funds to implement these projects and the excessive increase in price and the reluctance of the companies to implement these projects. projects, the Cabinet has decided to cancel these projects.
"A lot of mothers have a part to play in this," he said.
It is now clear that the presence of leaders like Bah Rowell Lyngdoh in the past has been a real obstacle for the Jaitbynriew to get laws to protect them like the ILP. NPP Mawkyrwat Constituency and NPP South West Khasi Hills District, Haiu have nothing to say about this statement by Bah Rowell.
The estimated cost of the project is T.305.84 crore on an 80:20 share between India and Bangladesh.
Referring to the loss due to the curfew, the Head of Government said that the loss cannot be measured because the loss is not only for the government but also for the people. and that works that jam.
He added that this award is not the end of their studies but it is a milestone to continue to rise to higher levels. Full intellectuals should not be stupid or against the Jaitbynriew but should contribute the best for the Jaitbynriew so that it can rise higher.
Many water tanks have been constructed on this road and all of them have almost been completed. street.
Narendra Modiu also spoke about the country's progress towards the implementation of 5G and said that the launch of 5G is the fastest and has reached more than 700 districts.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District, in 2010, has released a memorial book entitled "U Wickliffe Syiem" the freedom fighter who did not give up. of the battle of King Wickliffe.
The cleanliness drive by the army was not for any purpose but for the implementation of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyhan, according to a statement issued by the army today.
Then the Managing Committee of Mawkhar Christian HS School under the leadership of Pastor P Hynniewta and Babu Ron Syiem, Principal of the school to conduct the coaching class which lasted for nearly four months.
Also present at the opening ceremony were Sanjay Malhotra, Revenue Secretary, Finance Department; u Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, Chairman, Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC); u Alok Shukla, Member (Admin &Vig), CBIC; to Vivek Ranjan, Member  Tax Policy & Legal, CBIC.To Surjit Bhujabal, Member Customs, CBIC; kaAruna Narayan Gupta, Member IT & Tax Payer Services & Technology, CBIC; and senior officials of the CBIC and the Department of Revenue, Department of Finance of the Union Government.
New Delhi, Naitung 09: With the aim of encouraging investors and private entrepreneurs to expand industrial activities in the North East.
He said that the unemployment of students is high but he gave many examples to encourage the youth.
Shillong, July 15: The Shillong Bench of Meghalaya has sentenced the Shella Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Bah Tobias Tiewdop, Secretary, who has been suspended. Bah Kondro K.Ksanlah, Executive Member of Shella Village Council.
The deceased was a 15-year-old girl who was studying in Class X and a girl under 50 years old who was studying in Class IV. and do whatever is necessary to see and help in this tragic disaster.
It is on this basis that the Hima has decided to close its own border while the border settlement between the two states is still ongoing. I have written to the DC of Ri Bhoi since 5/2/22 why the DC has not listened to this letter.
1,77,368 people have been vaccinated as of 6 pm today, which is the fourth day of COVID-19 vaccination in around the country.
On the other hand, the Bethany Society said that what they are getting now is from the help of foreigners to support them in the special training centers run by the Bethany Society.
Criticizing the Government, the union leader said that the Government has spent money but to talk for the sake of building the future of those who have become addicted to alcohol is not necessary.
Up to 40,000 eye patients will also be provided with Essilor lenses.
The KSU also urges the MLAs of the area, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, Dango MLA Ranikor Constituency and the Minister of State to force the government this time to resolve the issues of the people. this area.
At the time of writing, there are still about three or four polling stations far away which have not yet reached the places to be placed in strong rooms.
He said the VPP's demand came after the Meghalaya High Court had directed the government and the House to take a decision on the implementation of the Roster System in the reservation policy. that it is necessary for the Government to convene a special session on this matter.
The revenue collected from Excise Duty in 2017-2018 was T.199.30 crore, 2018-2019 was T.226.21 crore, 2019-2020 was T.276 crore and 27 crore. For the year 2020-2021 till the month of July it was T.268.79 crore.
According to SP News Agency, some residents of the village said that the proposal to build a road to the village has been going on for a long time but no signs have been seen yet.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Meghalaya Koch Students' Union (MKSU) today held a mass march at Ampati, South West Garo Hills District.
Speaking on the allocation of grants to the District Councils, he said that the purpose is to allocate separately to the Dorbar Shnongs, and so on to the Dorbar Hima, and these functions should not be managed or John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar Traditional Institutions, said that the budget allocation as it is now has been achieved because of these factors. The allocation of funds has not reached the Dorbars as intended (devolution of powers) but the schemes for the Dorbar Shnongs have turned into MDC schemes.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan and requested him to release the state. Meghalaya has Common University Entrance Test ().
Finally, Samla Biangbor Paliar, President of Mawlai Circle, announced the great works of the Nonglum Women's Association which has had that vision since 34 years ago to take this step. to establish a children's home which is a place of care for children.
The Chief Minister informed the House that the government has already requested from the PM DevINE scheme to build a State Hospital for animals in Hynniewmer and the government has requested T.30 crore.
Shillong, Lber 08: Dr Fenela Nonglait, the HSPDP candidate who lost the last election, has alleged that the reason for her defeat is the power of money. .
During the G-20 Summit, at a program held at Rajghat to honor Bapu, Prime Minister Duh brought international recognition to Khadi by welcoming the leaders of He also encouraged the people of the country to buy Khadi clothes.
In a statement, the CSWO said that the suspects were Sanlang Kharlukhi, Rimon Surong, Requester Mukhim, Shan Dkhar, Sanbhalang Mawthoh and Balumlang Rynjah.
In this relationship, many people have deposited this money and after waiting for a while, those people don't come back and later they find out that they have been cheated by such people. and exhort the people to beware of such things.
L.Marngar said the Association has also informed the Minister regarding the order of the Supreme Court for teachers who have passed the Diploma in Elementary Education examination held in previous years. The National Institute of Open Schooling does not comply with this law.
Laitkor Sports Club won the cash prize of 100,000 tyngka along with the trophy while Nongrim Hills won the cash prize of 50,000 tyngka. you can't win the trophy.
The award ceremony was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat Bhupendra Patel, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Gujarat. Shankar Choudhary, IFFCO Chairman Dilip Sanghani and NCDFI Chairman Dr Mangal Rai.
Almost all the students of the school have taken part in various sports.
The KSU today took this step to close down the office of the Director of NEIGRIHMS to express their opposition to the irregularities inside the government hospital. center reserved for the North Eastern Region of India.
In this regard, the BSF has urged the BGB to work together to curb illegal trafficking at the border.
: The Field Exhibition Office of the Department of Advertising & Visual Publicity, Government of India has organized a photography competition in connection with Bharat Nirman which was held at Nongmynsong Dorbar UP School, East Khasi Hills. Hills district which started on July 29th and will end on November 3rd,
Shillong, Iaiong 19: Three persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District today. There are 5 cases in the state and 1 of them is in hospital for treatment.
This action of these trucks will cause danger to the people of this area.
Meghalaya is proud to have elected a woman to be the first Khasi MP Rajya Sabha and the first Khasi MLA to hold the post of Home Minister. you don't have to change the right story.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MPCC) has held a meeting with all its members from all 54 units. Joplin Scott Shylla, Woman of the State.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that there is a shortage of staff in government hospitals and for this reason the government has approved the appointment of 360 staff in the rank of nurses.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that four people have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. Hills 3 cases, Ri Bhoi 1 case, total death toll has risen to
Therefore, in order for the JAC Wapung C&RD Block, the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong and the Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong and the people to be able to understand, they demanded that the government or any relevant authorities should provide the necessary explanation. The reason for the relocation of the temporary office of the Block to Khliehriat.
Besides these, there were many other games in their respective categories.
On the first day, the kidnappers took him to a village near Rangsakona. They offered him food and drink but he refused. to die.
Police have arrested the suspect and he is currently in Shillong Jail.
The Bill provides for the removal of certain minerals from the list of atomic minerals such as lithium, beryllium, titanium, niobium, tantalum and zirconium which are essential in the technology and electrical industries where they can be used in aerospace-related activities.
Shillong, July 30: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the arrival of the Branch Manager of SBI Khliehriat has shocked the government. the state.
The Prime Minister's Secretary was on the question whether the payment of salary is only for those jobs that have been completed and started or in what manner. The Government has paid the wages only to those who have already issued work orders even if they have not yet worked.
Mawpud Secretary KK Wanniang said that in fact it is almost to Mawkyrwat through the PMGSY road which continues from the PWD road to Bamon village to Mawkyrwat but there is still 2 km to connect.
Spring comes with the month of Christ's suffering and is a season of new life and hope.
On this occasion, when there was a struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, Bah Marngar recalled the contribution of Myllung Soso Tham. until now they have not preached.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh today sent a message to all the Rangbah Shnongs via SMS that a strong thunderstorm from Bangladesh is expected to reach the Khasi Hills tonight. As a precautionary measure, all schools should be closed in the morning to avoid any injury.
Robert won the MLA election from Laitumkhrah in 1998 and in this capacity he was also a Cabinet Minister in the government. government.
On the other hand, the DC promised to send a letter to the PWD department to implement the road without delay.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has already issued an order ban ban the transportation of any kind of oil that could cause injury.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Police of Nongstoin Police Station in West Khasi Hills District have arrested a man suspected of involvement in the murder of two women in Nongstoin on the 24th of this month. .
Speaking on the work of KCTCH, CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla said that the KCTCH has been recognized by law and it can write to the government, the state government and as well as to the KHADC in terms of government affairs.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Jugali employees have decided to hold an indefinite strike after the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) failed to issue appointment letters to those who are entitled to receive them. task.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the visit of the Union Home Minister to Meghalaya in the past two days, even in the midst of the Parliament, has made it clear that the government In the middle, you have the responsibility for the North East of India.
As part of the Skills Meghalaya scheme, the Government of Meghalaya has also allocated T.50,000 thousand for one nurse through the MSSDS.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Bah Bashailang Khongwir, Member of the National Council of the BJP, has urged the government to expedite inviting the HNLC to a peace talks night. The group has expressed its readiness to reach peace talks.
The Congress has raised the issues of the people even outside the House and when the session comes as the party will also raise the issues affecting the people inside the House, he said.
The person (state owner) gets only the sticker fee of T.8-10,000 while the income is for the stone traders from Bangladesh,” said Bah Nonglait.
On the other hand, the MP said that if we don't respect the dignity of human beings and the customs and traditions.
The fire broke out at about 2:00 pm on Tuesday morning and it is suspected that the fire may have been caused by a short circuit in the electrical wires. .
P Mani, Secretary (Thiru B Pushpakumar, as Treasurer, Thiru.
At this meeting, the Cabinet approved the establishment of the Chief Minister Solar Mission to provide clean electricity to the villages and townships in the rural areas of the state.
These two methods of testing food are known as Food Safety on Wheel (FSW).
In a letter, the union has demanded that the Director of Arts and Culture and the DC of East Khasi Hills District should take action on this issue and demanded that the photographs of Bollywood celebrities and inappropriate photographs should be deleted. and The culture of the indigenous people.
New Delhi, Nailar 15: On the occasion of the 77th Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modiu addressed the country from the Red Fort in New Delhi, where he spoke about the steps taken by the country. in technology and where he stressed the importance of India's digital empowerment.
We cannot say that this year the NDA government has not responded when the Atomic Mineral Dept has called a tender to mine uranium in Mawthabah area which has also caused strong opposition from the people of that area and South West Khasi Hills. Hills District is the whole.
When the NDA government plans to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill, they understand that it will affect only a few MPs in Parliament from the state and they have to wait for other MPs from other states to help with it. sikyier As a state because you know that you cannot protect yourself.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said in the House that the State Government has received a letter from the Central Government on this issue and it was in 2017 that the State Government has replied to the Central Government. The Minister explained in the House why the Government is still considering the Personal Interview in Grade IV posts. It is important that no one is affected when they take a decision and the government is looking into this.
If the Government encourages foreigners from Bangladesh and other countries to become citizens of India, our state which is one of the neighboring states of Bangladesh will be severely affected and we as citizens. we are in the midst of a disaster.
In the competition, the Tura Municipal Board won the first prize, the District Commerce and Industries Center won the second prize and the Election Department won the third prize.
He said that the students will receive training materials and information to develop their brains so that they can contribute to the development of legal education in the State.
Branch and We also received a detailed explanation from the Public Relations Officer of RR Institutions Bangalore who explained the opportunities for study in various lines. The meeting was conducted by Samla Lasting. The meeting was conducted by Samla Lasting.
Nongpoh, July 12 : The RBYF Eastern Zone has elected and renewed its office bearers at a meeting held on the 7th of this month at Grace Foundation Secondary School Bhoilymbong.
The ICCC, which is the brainchild for the implementation of technology, will act as a center for surveillance, data processing, emergency response coordination and smart city applications.
Amit Shah wants to send a message that if the states want to get rid of CAB, they should implement the ILP. hands that power.
oh ka Insurance Scheme➢ 80 crore poor people will receive 5 kg of rice and 1 kg of rice per month for the next three months➢ 20 crore women who have Jan Dhan account will receive T .500 per month for the next three months➢ Increase in MNREGA salary to T.202 per day from T.182 to benefit 13.62 crore households➢ Payment of T.1,000 per month to crore elderly, poor, widowed and disabled➢ Government to distribute T.2,000 to farmers in the first month of June under PM Kisan Yojana to The Central Government has directed the State Governments to use the Building and Construction Workers Welfare Fund to provide assistance to construction workers. Corporate Affairs Minister Niramla Sitharaman today announced T.1.70 lakh crore under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana for the poor to help fight against Corona Virus.
Shillong, July 23: The FKJGP Kynshi Circle has been established to expand its working group.
The transformation of India’s electricity sector since 2014 is a story of progress and determination.
From the 13th Mawryngkneng (ST) constituency, the AICC has approved Highlander Kharmalki, from the 24th Mawphlang (ST) constituency, Kennedy C Khriem and from the 47th Rajabala constituency. Hashina Yasmin Mondal has been nominated.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that those who come back to the state through the entry points set up by the government have to undergo antigen test. Test at entry points.
Last month, the KSU had staged a protest against the Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line at Ronghona under Byrnihat on the border of Assam and Meghalaya. confusion.
“If we look at winning the seat (Shillong)...more than 3 lakh voters have voted for the NPP. That's what is needed,” he said. For the NPP, we will see the result.
The value of these cows has reached T.13 lakh.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District would like to inform you that although the KSU South West Khasi Hills District has been in existence for about 10 years, it is still lacking in all aspects especially in terms of education.
Speaking at the public meeting, the pastor said, “Once the people themselves have elected me to give me the power, I will not turn back. “He also urged the people to be vigilant and not to show any force, but to come out in order on the 9th of this month and “If I win, it will not be a victory or a personal gain but a victory for the country and the nation as a whole,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
Meanwhile, 96 cows were seized from Tuka while people had to flee the area due to the forest.
"“We have proposed to appoint empowered leaders who can take the floor and move forward the dialogue.
Even the former leaders of the Seng have opposed the proposal to bring a railway line into the Bri U Hynniewtrep and even the present leaders under the leadership of Samla Lambok Marngar and Samla Donald Thabah have stood on the same basis to oppose. “Our Khasi people are only a few trains, so if foreigners come only 100 trains, the nation will not be destroyed. “We will be overwhelmed and become a minority even in our own country,” said Shemphang Lyngdoh.
Those who have already registered their Aadhaar names under the jurisdiction of the GPO can collect them from the office.
On the other hand, the District Administration has seen that there will be problems if the 14 members of the GHSMC are not allowed to enter the jail. They were arrested on the 17th of this month.
These prisoners shot him and beat him without injuring him.
According to the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), which is the top body in the implementation of Project Cheetah, these deaths occurred due to unavoidable reasons.
The Chief Minister said that this is part of the efforts to help resolve the problems faced by the people. The office should do this and once the office has received the complaint they will have to resolve it accordingly.
She said that according to information received, the number of members in the HNLC is not less than 30 and regarding the possession of weapons, she said she cannot know whether they have weapons. water ready.
She added the Chief Minister's explanation.
The VOs have also received assistance worth T.192.34 crore.
Titos said that in 2018, the clan bill was passed after receiving observation from the Governor and urged the EC to submit the report in the right manner.
About 50 persons carrying weapons have entered the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to search for them, according to a report circulating on social media. Banpynbiang Riang and Mandor Diengdoh have been arrested on Wednesday morning. The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has banned a program on the 20th of this month at NEHU. SOT Police and Mawkynroh Outpost Police were patrolling the grounds of NEHU. Although the Police did not find any suspects carrying weapons, they strengthened the security forces. security to stop any accidents that may happen at any unexpected time.
The bike rally was called the “Rally for Development.
The office of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) and Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital in collaboration with the National Prevention of Blindness and Visual Impairment, Meghalaya will conduct eye treatment for the people. Screening will also be conducted for those with eye diseases who have reached the age of 50 years.
Let us go without fear and ask the Government how it will violate the rights of the youth to steal jobs, to steal the desires of the youth and our state is poor and very poor. in employment and in education it is also lagging behind.
: From the step walkers to the school children, those who go to work and those who go to the market, everyone who walks and stands on the roads in Shillong is facing problems due to the poor condition of the roads.
This brutal behavior of the BSF, as the armed forces responsible for protecting the border, should provide peace of mind to the residents and not turn them into enemies and cause instability.
Shillong, Lber 07: The body of a young woman from Ishyrwat has been found today and it is suspected that she was murdered after being raped by unknown persons.
The teachers who attend will be qualified persons to teach. If any children wish to take part in this special training they must register with Employment Exchanged.
According to a statement sent by the police, three persons entered the parking lot of the Mawlai Police Station and arrested the suspect. Report to Mawlai Police Station.
The KHADC is currently struggling to strengthen its staff for the purpose of running the work, as it has now opened the KHADC office at Raid Marwet for the convenience of the people. in relation to their employment.
“But I have only one, I am sorry that the State Government has not expressed it in relation to the word 'Village Council'
Kharshiing praised the existence of the Meghalaya Sports Policy, 2019 and the Meghalaya Youth Policy,
The Ministry of Home Affairs has received information that some private individuals and business groups have been ordered to contribute to the funds of the GNLA government under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act
The newly formed unit was witnessed in the presence of Samla Redyonstone Nongrum, Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, Samla Pynshai Rani, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, Samla Forwardman Nongrem President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District. , Vice President, KSU Unit, KSU Leaders, Mawkyrwat Circle, Tyrsad Circle and others as well as the women of Photjaud Rangthong.
At the same time, the union has requested the State Government to improve the road connecting Mawsynram to Laitumsaw village which has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the people in travelling. come and bring the color.
The Seng Khasi Kmie on this occasion also honored Philip J.Khongsngi, resident of Wahingdoh who has donated 6 acres of land at Mawpdang, New Shillong. Mother who came to accompany and take part in this celebration of the Seng Kut Snem.
The Village Laws vary from one Hima to another.
The group has also announced that for the first time the audition will be held online by sending videos to 9863799299. The date of submission will start from the 1st of this month. November 2024 and will end on 15th November
Why is it called the Shad Rah Kynthei? The Raid Nongtung leader said that the parents of the households who are close to each other and who are willing to marry their children to another household. They lead the children after the dressing of the boys or girls until the end of the dance and in this dance they lead the children to introduce themselves while the husband is dancing. “Any slave girl who agrees to have sex with any man who has been introduced to these couples has been involved and has reached the point of marriage,” he added.
The NPP demands that the state government and the central government should investigate and punish those involved in the murder of MLA Tirong Aboh and his family. u who is don lang.
The Congress party leader said that they have high hopes that they will do well in this election and as the party we are happy that at this time all the candidates are those whom the party hopes to win. The name will be announced soon.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Government of Meghalaya has decided to build an existing office of the Shillong Municipal Board at Bivar Road adjacent to the residence of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya. in the middle of the government to ensure the safety of the people in their jobs, said the newspapers.
Shillong, July 04: The National People's Party (NPP) today welcomed the five resigned MLAs who joined the party with more than 10,000 supporters. They came to this public meeting.
Shillong, July 07: Balat village is one of the most famous villages and known as one of the border trade centers since the time before India gained independence, but Balat was one of the trading posts between the Khasi and the people of Bengal, now known as Bangladesh.
In this letter, the party demanded that the Election Commission should ban the use of money during the elections and ban the use of force.
When asked whether to speak in Khasi in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that he cannot speak in Khasi because the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has not provided adequate facilities for the speaking. Khasi language in the Legislative Assembly.
With the creation of the new district, the people of the two constituencies, Mawkyrwat and Langrin, have received many benefits in terms of government services and the District Council has also played a role in this. On the other hand, these two MDCs want the KHADC office in Mawkyrwat.
While the Clerk agrees as a basis on the fact that the provision of the Dulir-juban-tyrwa is the right of political parties, it cannot avoid the independent authority of promises and proposals on the issue. call for free and fair elections and for the promotion of equal opportunities for all political parties.
In the Top Ten category, Ferry Filarisha Wann won the First Ten position while Alphi Clarissa Warjri won the Sixth position.
Currently, those injured in sports go to the cities for treatment.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KJNU) today sent a letter to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPC) to protest against the holding of a public hearing on M/s Star Cement Ltd at the DC's office in Khliehriat. East Jaintia Hills District on 21/11/2
All the students of Church of God Secondary School, Nongjrong took part in various sports including Football Boys & Girls, Tug of War, March Pass Drill. , Drill Dance and more.
“It is to be recalled that the union together with the Dorbar has set a deadline of June for Ma Wolding Lamurong, Rangbah Shnong to pay the amount of 5.14 lakh tyngka which he has embezzled from the NREGS scheme during his tenure. as the secretary of the VEC which he himself promised to pay.
On the other hand, the Heads of MeECL who were present on the occasion expressed many difficulties in running the schools as the department is facing a severe shortage of funds. MeECL is still trying to find ways and means at the same time they said that there is no intention to close down these schools but they said that there is. The aim is to continue and improve these schools to provide services only from the Upper Primary level onwards.
She also urged the state government to set up these Van Dhan Vikas Kendras in Meghalaya in collaboration with Self Help Groups.
The dispute over the boundary between MUDA and the Municipal if anyone is clever enough to investigate, they will find that it is the violence of the Assam Government when it created the Sixth Scheduled. 20 of the Sixth Scheduled " in the State.
These vehicles will be distributed to the villages and will be used to transport goods. that synrum.
“It was found that Meghalaya has 360 new petrol pumps but after a thorough inspection, it was decided to open 233 new petrol pumps,” he said.
The awards were presented by MLA/MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Embhah Syiemlieh who was the chief guest, as well as Babu Gervasis Kharmujai. HSPDP, PT Sawkmie (KHNAM) and Teibor Pathaw.
This is only the misguidance of the ANVC leaders in the plans of the State Government and the Central Government.
In the past years, India has increased in income but in the past two years it has declined in many areas but now it has started to increase again.
However, Adelbert said that the General Convention was held at his residence, which the members of the party were not aware of, the press and media were not aware of it and we think only the neighbors were not aware of it.
Regarding the letter, the Governor has discussed the matter with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma by phone and has also sent a letter to the Chief Minister. The letter urged that the budget should be confirmed and corrected and there was a need to address this issue on the part of the Prime Minister.
The KSU has questioned whether Meghalaya is only trying to win the title by bringing in foreign players or whether it is trying to develop the children of the state so that they can improve in various sports, said the statement. “This action of the government will discourage and deprive many youngsters who are willing and talented to play basketball.
He said that although there have been some candidates who have applied for ticket from the party, he wants the party to unite to support Dr Fenella. .
He said that there are cases where those who have a problem with their vision have lost their mobile phones or have been robbed by robbers in the market.
This has brought trouble to the poor families, as the organization with the contribution of fellow doctors and they have received this assistance to distribute to the people as much as they can.
In those days of riots, even in the newspapers, the pictures of Harijans sitting on the sweerper line carrying knives and weapons appeared during the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC. arrest or prosecution of them, but there is a lot of work to be done to investigate and intimidate others, this is an unacceptable behaviour.
The main purpose of this meeting was to discuss development works and other schemes within the Block.
The Inspector General of Police (Operations), GHP Raju said that Mazumdar had tried to release the teacher as a real policeman.
Although it took 65 years, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the work has progressed after the Chief Executive Members of Meghalaya met with the highest authorities of Meghalaya. Government of India, and that the follow-up continues to this day.
The fourth rule is that anyone who violates these rules should be punished by imprisonment or fine. The CoMSO has also suggested how to avoid affecting tourists, transit passengers and you grow you par.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, Bah Shabong said that the party has conveyed to the Minister the complaints of the residents of Sohiong area to the party regarding the torti and negligence of CHC staff including Nurses and Doctors.
He said the NITI Ayog will work with the state government to implement Tinkering Labs in all schools in Meghalaya as fertilizer-free farms and to promote tourism.
On the allegation of ar maloi, the MDC of Mawhati has complained that there is no such thing and asked for the promise of the KHADC to do whatever to help the family who lost one of them in Assam police have demanded money from the victim.
The meeting was also attended by HNYF President Sadon Blah, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew and Assam KSA leaders. the police on both sides.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Green Skills Academy will also collate Inputs and recommendations from diverse stakeholders in the State of Meghalaya for United Nations Summit of the Future 2024, with focus on AI, cyber safety, climate action and inclusive technologies"The Summit of the Future (September 2024) is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to enhance cooperation on critical challenges and address gaps in global governance, reaffirm existing commitments including the Sustainable Development Goals and the United Nations Charter, and move towards a reinvigorated multilateral system that is better positioned to positively impact people's lives.
The mechanic was abducted from a bridge construction site near Karukom village, Siju, South Garo Hills, on the night of the 19th of this month.
Speaking to media, he said that if these files are not found, the office will not be able to appoint a team of inquiry and after that if not found, the office will not be able to file a complaint. and the police.
The film was released today at Shillong Press Club by Bah Benjamin War.
The findings show that these gates have been illegally collecting money from the traders of the area and the presence of these gates has severely affected the farmers and traders in the area. However, you must pay for the gate without the district council.
“The State Government and the Federal Government are working together to resolve the issues and will continue to do so," he said.
Regarding the people who are outside the North East, the government has issued a form for people to register if they want to return home.
The BJP has already sent the nominations to the Central Election Committee of the party. to this work.
On this occasion, a shet competition was held based on the traditional food of Meghalaya.
New Delhi, November 13: The Ministry of Home Affairs (CBI) has urged the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the deaths of Rosy Sangma and Samuel Sangma.
On the other hand, the Minister of State for India said that immediate notification of any incident is essential to prevent rumors that could cause confusion.
Shillong, Naiwieng06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in its meeting held on the 5th of this month has expressed its surprise that the marks obtained by the students who passed the examination have been cancelled. The CBI's findings have shocked the authorities of the education department.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA and MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Shillong, on 26th June Mawkynrew PHC has been inspected to find out many of the problems in the hospital.
On the other hand, the District Administration has warned that anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Bah Alexender Laloo Hek today received information on the payment of fees by NEIGRIMS to those who have gone for treatment for COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Rituraj Sinha said that Meghalaya has welcomed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for development works and this is for the North East of India. whole.
About 50 people from the state who have discovered new inventions according to the modern science have been invited to take part in the exhibition and explain their discoveries. they.
The Central Government has once again reminded the States and UTs to complete the bookings in advance for the second phase of the covishield vaccination.
The tournament was organized by the Sports Department of the State Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: There are 3082 polling stations for the 2018 MLA elections, said the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor today.
Shillong, July 19: After the announcement of the elections to the Legislative Assembly, police across the state have been on duty to check vehicles carrying alcohol or money.
Shillong, November 10: Following the three day strike, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today called a meeting with the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited in the presence of the Chairman of the company. bah Wailadmiki Shylla.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem organized by the Khasi Seng Kmie at Madan Weiking has ended today amidst a stir. management of the organization.
The bridge connects the road leading to Mawkyrwat and Nongshilong villages and the place where the bridge is built is known as the Umchangkhar River in South West Khasi Hills District.
Not only Sohra has been given foreign names but many places have been renamed in foreign languages ​​within the border of Hynniewtrep, especially the indigenous peoples. The name Meghalaya is in Sanskrit.
During the investigation, the BSF said that these people had come to Nongjri to collect their wages for the coal mining in South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, BJP Meghalaya State Unit leaders Shibun Lyngdoh President, JA Lyngdoh Vice President, Thomas Nongtdu and others were present. Stephan Mukhin MLA of Amlarem, Meghalaya, has submitted a petition to the President of the BJP. The BJP has demanded that the BJP government should release the coal mining in Meghalaya from the ban.
On the other hand, the Assistant General Manager of SBI, Garo Hills, Nixon Joseph, congratulated the Meghalaya Police for their efforts to release Kumar, Manager of SBI. Huge.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The BJP today announced its candidates for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
It is not long before they will destroy the rule of law if we don't have a law to protect us from the infiltration of foreign brews whom we don't know where they come from.
New Delhi, March 28: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the Rozgar Mela of the country through video conferencing and distributed more than 51,000 appointment letters to new recruits in departments. and various governmental bodies.
The KSU Sohra Unit also invited Bah Aiban Shngaiñ Mawkhroh who designed the statue and Bah Raphael Warjri who provided the monument. This is the story of Myllung Soso Tham.
People’s dreams, plans and aspirations are still evolving.
The purpose of this Bill is to protect people with this disease from being excluded from society. where they can file a complaint if there is any discrimination.
Police have suspected that these people whom they have arrested today may have been involved in the burning down of a government office in Nongpoh.
At the same time, the party has made it clear that those who go to church, ambulances and members of the journalists are allowed.
The remaining subjects of the HSSLC scheduled for the 23rd, 24th and 25th of this month have been postponed until further notice.
Tynsong said he has sent all the answers to the SMB and Urban Affairs Office to verify these people.
The incident which happened on the night of 15th July 2021 has shocked the residents of Mawlai village when the CRPF Police have bombed and tied kulmar and damaged all the houses of the residents of Mawlai. Thief.
He said he was happy that the experts had praised the transparency of the budget.
The Navy today in its search operation found coal mines and it was found that there was coal in front of the mines. , it is said that when the water is pumped more clearly, it is possible to explain clearly what is happening inside.
The Chief Minister said that so far 1629 people have been tested, of which 1557 have been negative and 60 results are pending.
However, during the negotiations, they said to pay for six months but the money they pay is only for three months,” said Kong Syiem.
Furthermore, the party will soon meet with the village leaders to discuss this issue and to think of ways to strongly oppose this search for a place to set up their Battalion Headquarters.
We urge other Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant on the entry and exit of people in your villages.
On the other hand, the Governor briefed the Prime Minister on the situation in the North East of India as a whole especially in Nagaland and Meghalaya.
According to the information received, there are about 18 Khasi villages in the area under Block II. Shillong, Shillong. Naiwieng 13: MPCC Secretary in charge of Nongpoh Constituency, Cores Marwein today handed over his resignation letter to MPCC President Vincent H Pala. Building Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated the people, health workers and Governments of the North East for their hard work in the fight against the disease and the provision of livelihoods. for testing, treatment and vaccination despite the poor condition of facilities in the states.
According to the information they have received, Rohit Prasad has been appointed as the advisor to the VC of the university and the salary is very high. The teachers will also hold a strike tomorrow morning.
The students who were awarded the prizes were Deisy Thawmuit, Ribansuklin Lyngdoh, Denil Lyngdoh, Teisuklang Dkhar, Mebankitlang Thawmuit, Namebansan Thawmuit, Barnelson Thawmuit, Fullyjoy Thawmuit, Richestfield Dkhar, Dakarabha Air Dkhar. , Rapsang's Promise and Thawmuit's Promise.
Speaking to reporters after the march, he said that the march is only a sign to promote Shillong to the world. do it today.
He spoke about initiatives such as Mudra scheme, Startup India and Stand Up India.
The current target is to provide water to more than 3000 households.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has said that those who have come from affected countries, whether they have or do not have the disease, should go and identify themselves.
The reason for the NERGS scheme in the village was sent by JCBs and they made the payment to the people. Philadelphia said she thought it was the money from the ASHA and after learning that it was from the NERGS scheme she went to return it but they didn't work anymore.
After the 2nd October 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as the ignorance and weakness of the people can be seen.
Shillong, July 21: The Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla has urged the people to adopt yoga as part of their lives today so that they can to live a healthier lifestyle.
As those who will lead again at the international level, they expressed their concern that they will not get support unless the government authorities through the Sports Department do not support them. The Government should assist them in this struggle abroad, away from their parents and away from their state and the country as a whole.
The victims were identified as Samla Dawanbiang Shullai, Assistant Finance Officer, KSU Central Body and Samla Rocky Shylla, Sports Secretary, KSU Wahthapbroo Unit.
Read about every scheme of the Ministry of Cooperation, Government of India by visiting its website, and move forward in such a way that every PACS becomes the center of power and development in your community .
Regarding the celebrations to be held at home, Raj Bhavan as usual on 26th July 2022 has been canceled for the same reason, the office expresses its regret over this.
On this question, the Prime Minister did not answer clearly whether yes or no, but said that the government wants to improve the services to the people and this is the goal of the government.
“I urge all the Prime Ministers and Chief Justices of the High Courts to pay special attention to these matters on the basis of compassion and the law,” he said.
The delegation also met with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in Delhi and other leaders of the North East.
Every 9th of this month, doctors in hospitals will look after poor mothers.
The MDC election has ended, if we look at the victory, it is clear that all the MDCs have won from all the parties, and they came forward from all over the Khasi Hills. The Congress has been asked to form a government in the District Council with the coalition of 29 members, including the HSPDP, UDP, KHNAM, NCP and Independent.
The call for the office blockade has affected the work of the government where banks have been closed and most of those who have come to work are only government officials.
Billy Domes Editor Dongmusa, alleged that various marketing companies earn the most money from Meghalaya, but he was surprised that they do not come forward to advertise in the newspapers from Meghalaya.
In the Wushu at NEHU campus, Salam Marshal Singh of Manipur won the gold medal, Tonmoy Boro of Assam won the bronze medal while Kyrshanbor Songthiang of Meghalaya won the bronze medal. and Pongchoi Reham of Arunachal Pradesh.
It is to be recalled that the ERC-SSSS in collaboration with the Association of Radio and Television Engineers (ARTEE) together with the Mawlai Iewrynghep Youth Union has had the opportunity to conduct a Career Guidance and Counseling Program cum Coaching Class for more than 100 students from all over the country who have passed in the field of Engineering, Science and Technology.
This is the first time that a rebel group from northern Manipur has re-entered society by rejecting bloodshed and accepting the Constitution of India and the laws of the country. .
Shillong, June 24: HANM South East Khasi Hills Sohra today launched a new branch known as the Maraikaphon Unit under the leadership of President M. Rynrah and General Secretary M. Kharmalki.
Pariat was appointed as CEM in 2007, when Hambartus Nongtdu was CEM, Qualy Suiam was appointed as Deputy CEM and in November 2008 he was appointed as CEM. until June 2009.
Tura, Iaiong 27: Due to the shortage of water in Tura, the District Magistrate has decided to introduce Section 144 CrPC to prevent the waste of water.
“Because the Executive Committee of the NPP which met on the 12th of last month, has decided not to nominate a candidate from this constituency and after this it has decided to raise the flag of the NPP in Ranikor for the election. MDC election. (SP News).
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The KHNAM State Youth Wing under the leadership of President Bah Thomas Passah on Tuesday visited the market. They met with the OC of Market Police to demand that strict measures should be taken against the shops of many foreigners who have placed their goods outside the shops.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The incidents of violence against Khasi people in Langpih area have increased without regard to their human rights and their rights as owners and masters of their own land. sand.
Another important amendment approved by Parliament is the empowerment of the Central Government to auction mineral concessions for certain important mineral resources. auction separate mining leases and composite licenses for certain mineral resources.
New Delhi, Naiur 11: The wait for the return of cheetahs has begun and India is looking forward to welcoming back the world’s fastest wild animals, which roar in almost all its forests countries before, except in the mountainous regions and the coastal borders.
The members of the Expert Committee have been appointed by the Search Committee headed by the Chief Secretary after the notice was issued on July 13,
To express their sorrow over the passing away of Bah Macmilan, the village has held a curfew to pay tribute to him. Blei in Lad Mawlang.
BL Verma, Governors and Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States together with officers of various departments of the Central Government and the North Eastern States attended the meeting.
To take a decision whether to lift the strike or not, it will be after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare tomorrow morning. today, said Mr. Raswai.
He said that once the drawings of the parking lot have been prepared, the construction of the parking lot will start so that the work can be completed on time.
Sanbor said the people should understand clearly and urged the people to support the BJP so that the issues of the people from the farmers, border dispute and other issues cannot be solved. The BJP is now ready to replace Bah Sanbor.
The Aitnar Lake is an important part of the Behdienkhlam festival, the biggest festival of the Pnars.
She urged the youth who have reached the age of 18 years to come forward and register themselves to become voters to take part in this largest democracy in the world.
In the Archdiocese of Shillong, the blessing of the cemeteries will be held on Sunday from Laitumkhrah parish and in other parishes in Shillong.
He said that I went to meet him personally and the Prime Minister also wanted to meet him face to face to promise him that the Government is here to help.
“I am also a tribal but we cannot have the same attitude, tribals should learn.
Recently, there has been a pla fire in Khyndailad Lad where the children who did not know the cause of the incident have been taken to the police station and this has made it difficult for the parents to rescue their children. you're a policeman.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the target has been set to complete the construction of the Legislative Assembly by November
According to a statement issued by the Secretary Rev.Fr.Richard Majaw, the SAFF appeals to all the residents to maintain peace and harmony among all the ethnic groups living in the country. and to refrain from any acts that cause violence and bloodshed.
“There is no difference between the teachers because they teach the same children in the same class,” said Bah Khongjirem.
He also advised the public to be vigilant in carrying their mobile phones and not to hold them in their hands as this makes it easier for thieves to steal.
The topic of the meeting was to strengthen the party to prepare for the MLA elections for 2023. The meeting was attended by the President of the MPCC and another MLA from Garo Hills. Regarding the talk to replace the MPCC President, Vincent said it is true but to replace him. He said that not only three MLAs have written the letter but now there are 40 MLAs who want to replace the President. MLA. On this demand, Bah Pala said that the President's inability to appear more frequently in these days is due to the illness of the mother of Dr C Lyngdoh. The MLAs have also accepted this request.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Kyntiew Syiemiong expressed their opposition to the suspension of the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Bah Patrick Syiemiong for more than a year.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The 106th Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Khasi Seng Kmie 2017 which lasted for three days ended today with the participation of all the dancers from all over the country. There were 1028 cases.
BK Dey Sawian gave a welcome speech and after that a song was sung by the students of Lakhreh Memorial School . Martin Luther who gave their traditional songs in their own languages ​​and ethnic groups which include the Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, Mizo, Naga and others.
They see a major role in health system cooperation in this country in the coming years.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Dohka said that the fish farming industry in the state has started to increase and people have taken up this industry as an employment opportunity for others.
The three persons who tried to kidnap the child have been arrested by the state police and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, November 08: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to prepare Bah Paul Lyngdoh to be the candidate for the MP election. 1-Shillong parliamentary.
Shillong, July 01: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that no new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed. Bhoi District 2 cases.
He expressed his satisfaction that the initiative of Alexander B. Lish of the Serampore Mission to introduce Bengali characters as written characters in the Khasi language has been successful. duh you're damn.
It was introduced in the Legislative Assembly in 2005 by the Meghalaya Language Act,
Although the KSU leaders praised the decision taken by Frederick, the General Secretary of the KSU, Auguster Jyrwa, said that the decision has been taken by the KSU. I urged its members not to make hasty decisions on any matter, especially to take this path.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that the state government has taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the funds should be sufficient in the state so that the activities of trade can run smoothly with the people. they will not face any problems during this time of currency fluctuations.
The party is pleased to oppose any development that violates the rights of our indigenous people.
Lieutenant General RK Rana, who joined the Rajputana Rifles in July 1976, has held many posts in various ranks, from office posts to they don't fight against the terrorists.
Shillong, Nailar 03: There are 101 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 24 in East Khasi Hills and 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills. In Bhoi 6, South Garo Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 7, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 40, West Jaintia Hills
The deadline for receipt of teams will be 14/July/2024. The winners of this tournament will receive a cash prize of T.20,000 and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.10,000/-.
The UHM has fully confirmed the Umlari Unit. The office bearers and full members of the Umlari Unit were inaugurated by the General Secretary of the Sengkmie Bah Teibor Shadap.
Bah Arbor said that if there are houses on the street, but no one lives there or no one lives there or no one uses them, we will say that the house is growing but it is called a house of destruction. to the spah.
insufficient uniforms, insufficient juti, muja and others that the MC should name so that I can provide.
“The shooting by the police is an act of inhumanity and misuse and taking the law into one's own hands especially to shoot children without any reason and therefore strong condemnation should be given from all sides,” he said. “Since when has the Director General of the MPHRC been empowered to beat and bomb or shoot and injure people in the name of the law? The Superintendent of Police, Herbert Lyngdoh, MPS, should take responsibility and answer the cause of the injuries sustained by the students. The MPHRC therefore demands that the Police Department should immediately arrest these policemen according to the complaint lodged against them and should immediately dismiss these policemen. Otherwise, the Council will take action and appeal against this crime in the Court.
The Minister of Home Affairs promised that the Central Government will implement the social agreement as signed by the two parties, in which the amendment of the Sixth Schedule will soon be brought before the Cabinet and implemented. This will be done at the next session of Parliament.
This was witnessed on 15.09.2017 at Shilliang Umdoh village in the presence of Publicity Secretary James MA Neng, Convenor of Ri Bhoi District Lambok Thangkhiew, Nine Tarang, Sidra Basaiawmoit. Zachary Shadap, Candidate of the Party.
That the Hima should convene and hold public meetings as part of explaining to the children across the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills on the bill received from Parliament on the rights of the Khasi. The White Paper on Indian States was submitted to the Indian Parliament in 1948 and 1949 by Sadar Valabhai Patel, Deputy Prime Minister, I/C Ministry. of States which is now called the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The blood donation was conducted in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society and the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council.
Due to the policies and initiatives of the Government, the number of startups in the North East has increased manifold.
The blockade of the roads and village roads leading to the containment areas was done by the village authorities to ensure that there is no entry and exit of the public into those areas.
After receiving an explanation from the officers in charge of the forest, the students went inside the forest to see for themselves. plants of many kinds.
Jowai, July 01: The AJYWO Central Body in a statement issued by its President, Bah MH Dkhar, wishes a Happy New Year to all the people of Jaintia Hills including East and West West Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the issue of lack of permits, Bah Shylla admitted that the District Council has all the permits regarding this matter.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Special Month of Child Welfare was celebrated today in Shillong. Speech by the Director of Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang as the chief guest. It is important for mothers to breastfeed their children seven times a day for good health.
The Minister of State for Culture and Heritage, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh was the chief guest.
People from the state who have been commended for their work in previous episodes are also invited to witness the special broadcast of the 100th episode of the radio programme.
The Magistrate in charge of the Tika distribution in Iewduh said that the Tika distribution in Iewduh will continue for four days and from tomorrow morning they will conduct the Tika distribution at two places. those aged 45 years and above and one for those 18 years and above.
According to information received, the government has given permission to purchase sugarcane only from June to July 2017 and for more than five months the government has not purchased sugarcane to distribute to the people.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 560, with 235 cases from East Khasi Hills and 135 cases from West Garo Hills.
Other elders also took part in the discussion on the tangjait, the tipkur tipkha through the riti the sohpet, the tehkur ka tingkur and also the riti hiar pateng rikynti which includes the old and young.
On the morning of the 21st of this month at 6 pm, they were taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong for post mortem and at 10.00 pm they were taken to the cathedral in Laitumkhrah.
This was stated by General Secretary Edmund Khongsya in a statement.
He urged the youth not to lose hope in their talents by wasting their time in recreational activities which affect their future and the society but they should work hard and determine to focus on their talents for their future so that one day they will become the stars of the country and the nation whether in sports or other fields that work spirit.
The BJP, TMC and AGP are opposed to the Indian government's agreement and AGP leader Prafulla Kumar Mahnata has urged other political parties in India to join hands. They will not oppose if the bill comes into Parliament.
Additional Chief Secretary PW Ingty and other government officials were also present on the occasion.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, a short meeting was held by the President of the Union, Kong Cathleen Pyngrope. Union of Catholic Women's Associations, Central Body, women's associations from four parishes including Pynthorumkhrah, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong and Mawpat.
The CoMSO has done this because the government has not taken action to implement the ILP in the state.
Replying to the Privilege Motion by Zenith M Sangma MLA, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is due to the light outage of the NTPC in October
Furthermore, the Inspiring Youngsters Club announces that the next tournament will be the 4th Inspiring Youngsters Football Tourney, 2017-18 which is scheduled to be held in December 2017 and January shall be for children under 17 years of age.
The tree planting method was carried out according to the Japanese method known as the Akira Miyawaki Method under the leadership of Dr. Santanu Kumar Dutta, Senior Environment Engineer, Central Pollution Board. federal environmental protection.
He said that the lack of monthly salary is another problem that teachers face from time to time, as they will not be able to provide for their families. daily expenses affect the income and even the mental health of teachers.
This victory is the visionary goal of the Prime Minister.
On the other hand, the KSU urges the people not to believe the rumors of some people without knowing the truth.
It is part of the Quality Council of India (QCI), a national body that promotes and promotes quality in many areas across the country.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary of the HNLC admitted that they have looked into the activities of Dharmu in the Shallang area with the support of a politician. If the factory belongs to Robert Sohbar, why did he file a complaint against Dharambir Bansal?
Shillong, July 05: Nine teachers who have been ordered by the High Court to be reinstated after completing all the requirements according to the requirements have given time to the government. two months to appoint them so they will hold a strike.
We don't know exactly what Aadhaar is and what its purpose is.
The proceeds of this group donate to international charities.
There were 140 close contacts of the first case, 4755 who went to Bethany.
The presence of such an office will greatly assist the farmers of this area as besides the presence of the Agriculture Development Officer, there will also be staff such as Demonstrator and others to look after the needs of agriculture in the area. region.
The Seng demands that the authorities should immediately punish such people who take advantage of their position because instead of going to the area to protect the people of the area, they turn into robbers. they are the destroyers of peace.
It is expected that the children of Ïawshibijai from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills will come to meet at this tournament; This is according to a statement sent by the President of the Kur Lamin in War Jaintia, said JFhsnem, General Secretary of the Kur Lamin.
The college will be looked after by the government. Regarding the construction of the college in Eastern Ri Bhoi, he said that the government has a target and if it gets the ROSA scheme, the government will look after it. the establishment of the College in Bhoirymbong.
“As the Chief Executive Member of the Raid, I strongly condemn this act and especially Bah Wanches Nongdhar, who is a school teacher in Lumkseh who used to claim to be a Self Style Rangbah Shnong,” said the Sordar Shnong.
Rymmai said that on the High Court of Meghalaya issued on 16/12/2021, the Hima has also laid down the rules, and the rules are that the applicant must apply for the For the approval of the Hima to apply for a Trading License, you must have a bot registration form.
At this public meeting, the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khynriem, said that after a thorough discussion on the invitation of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, they have decided to accept the invitation. At the same time, it was informed that the decision of all the civil society organizations is that the meeting will be held on one basis. The government should implement the ILP. If the government does not implement the ILP, they will announce mass protests to force the government.
According to the decision of the Supreme Court of India, the development schemes should be implemented in all the villages within 50km of the mining site. However, at present, the project is only implemented in these villages of Nongtrai, Shella, Mustoh, Nongwar, Laitkynsew and Nonglait.
“The troops fired tear gas and PAG (pump action gun) to disperse the crowd.
The meeting started under the chairmanship of the Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar with the watering of the oil palm plantation and the screening of a film on the planting method. he is a plant.
This issue is not only the responsibility of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya but it is the responsibility of the two states,” the Forum demanded.
The KSU believes that Meghalaya is divided into two regions, the Garo Hills, which is predominantly Garo and the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, which is predominantly Khasi.
On behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya sends its condolences to Tynrai Laloo, her children and all the family members. Chester Roy Shabong today.
According to the residents of the village, these three houses have fallen into the river during the past two days of heavy rainfall. spirit of the village.
Happy New Year.
He also urged the youth to walk with the village for the good of the village.
The party will hold many protests in the future if the government does not bring a decision in the dorbar tlang to implement the ILP in the state.
Out of the 220 schools targeted to provide internet access, 160 schools have already been provided with internet access.
In the evening, there was a discussion on the role of journalists and the upcoming elections in the state.
Shillong, November 21: To rebuild the offices of Deputy Commissioners, Block offices and repair existing ones, to build schools and police stations in the state, the Cabinet meeting has approved Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that the state government will take this loan from NABARD according to the estimates of the project. The Central Government has estimated that Meghalaya cannot receive this amount.
The Committee has decided to hold another meeting in two months to discuss this incident and other new issues.
The Meghalaya government has already taken a decision within the Cabinet to oppose the CAB, 2016 and tomorrow morning the MDA government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma will leave the country. to Delhi to express their opposition within the central government.
The meeting also discussed the social peace agreement between the ANVC and ANVC(B) where many of the terms signed have not been implemented yet. He urged the Minister of Home Affairs to expedite the completion of this and the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
In Meghalaya, the meeting was held at IIM Shillong in Umsawliha in collaboration with DIPAM to disseminate information.
Meanwhile, Bah Joy wanted the District Councils to have a direct relationship with the Government of India.
At this meeting, the center distributed 500 certificates to the best computer and language students.
If either of these two parties comes, the nation will be destroyed, unless the UDP doesn't intend to create trouble among the people.
In the four months from July to June 2017, 6948 drivers have violated the rules and the fine imposed by the police on these drivers has reached to T.24,88,330 lakh.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The office of the Planning Officer of East Jaintia Hills District has invited applications from NGOs within the East Jaintia Hills District for financial assistance to conduct training on how to to improve income according to the rules laid down by the government.
On this occasion, there was a meeting and discussion with the students of Don Bosco College in Tura, and the people of Rangram Market on the outskirts of Tura.
/10/2012, dated 18 July 2012, to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, for comment on the Memorandum sent by the Dorbar to the Government of India in June
She was awarded the title of “Ambassador for Queen”. The award was held on 02nd March 2022. Ms Sweet expressed her gratitude to the government, her family and the people who gave her the award. support to her in this visit to take part in this competition.
Thus, along with Green Hydrogen and Biofuels, India is supporting electric vehicles through Production Linked Incentive Schemes to build 50 Ggawatt Hour Advanced Chemistry Cells and has also announced Viability Gap Funding and forgiveness in customs fees on these items.
Robert G Lyngdoh in his five years as MLA has held many government departments as Minister and especially the Home Department. state as a whole.
He said that according to the statistics released by the central government in India, the incidence of rape of women has increased from time to time and has now reached 53%.
Nartiang National People's Party (WINNER),
For the 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, there are four candidates, Agatha Sangma NPP, Zenith M Sangma AITC, Saleng A Sangma INC and Laben Ch Marak.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah James S Lyngdoh, Acting President.
He also invited the teachers and students of the area to be ambassadors and work hard to help eradicate such evils from the district and the state as a whole.
Mawtamur, Nailur 22: The residents of Nongwah-Mawtamur village have expressed their anger against their MDC Victor Ranee who has changed his answer in promised to introduce a scheme for the construction of a bridge on the Umksiah River which is a public road.
The PAC is said to be extremely concerned about the impact on the environment.
However, this is a very difficult task and they have to comply with the rules and regulations.
The residents of Nongtalang village have started to suffer again from the floods in the drinking water wells of the village.
The Seng cannot help but express its regret that the Government has spent tens of lakhs and crores of rupees for the conduct of examinations and interviews for the recruitment of teachers in its revenue from us the citizens of the State.
On the other hand, the District Administration, when they saw that these leaders of KHNAm had decided to continue the strike, they brought buses and pulled them to the strike. (SP News) and placed them elsewhere except under Section 144 CrPC.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the number of children dropping out of school has increased.
The Dorbar Dong Demseiñïong has expressed its regret over the revocation of trading license by the FKJGP Shillong City on the 8th of this month.
He started as a member of the Jana Sangh, formed the political party in India after independence - the BJP and led the party after the death of Shri Syama. Prasad Mookerjee and Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya.
At present, we have not recovered any weapons from them,” he added.
In 1979, Assam had placed 380 Nepalis to live in the forests of Assam. Meghalaya is located in the Nongmynsaw district.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War today said that the total number of COVID-19 cases in the state has risen to of the armed forces and 27 civilians.
Speaking on the occasion, P. Sampath Kumar, IAS Commissioner and Secretary, Agriculture Department, Government of Meghalaya, said that the government has introduced positions and they will be implemented in all districts of Meghalaya.
The award was presented in memory of the founder of the Khatsawphra Sport Association.
Many of the party workers from different districts of the party have been in the dark about the absence of Dr Mukul Sangma at the State Convention Centre. The absence of even one MLA from Garo Hills was even more shocking.
Pawan Kumar Singh and Sheila Kanungo have been elected unopposed for the two posts of Joint Secretary General NRAI. The Delhi High Court has ordered the Sports Ministry to resume the election of office bearers from scratch following a complaint by Yadav. Lok Sabha, MP and UP Jaunpur constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The election campaign of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma to Mizoram concluded today with a public meeting at Serchhip Constituency where the party nominated Kapliana Pachuau, a writer. Lal Thanhawla, the Chief Minister of the Congress party, has voted against the Chief Minister.
“We strongly suspect that the smoke from the factory could seriously affect the health of the villagers living around the factory and also to the passengers passing through the factory. NH-44 and especially to the students of Good Shepherd Secondary School which is just across the road from the factory,” said Bah J. Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President, AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, July 26: While police were conducting a bike rally at Sardar Police station to mark the World Anti-Drug Day, other policemen patrolling the Police Bazar were arrested. to arrest two persons along with 41.198 kilos of heroin which was packed in paper bags.
The Dorbar has also sent a letter to the withdrawal of the agreement between the CEM of KHADC, the Syiem of the Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, two Ministers including Minister MB Kharlukhi and Minister Paiem Thwelson, CEM of KHADC, said:
The uniqueness of this discovery of this galaxy can be understood through a report in the journal Nature Astronomy published in Britain.
This scheme will help the villagers in terms of income as through this day they will be able to work 100 days a year.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held a meeting to consider the applications of the candidates who wish to contest the 2014 MP elections for the 1st Shillong Constituency. bad 2-Tura parliamentary seat.
The Government has a goal to bring adequate health facilities to the state for the benefit of the residents and despite the difficulties faced by the non-government hospitals they have struggled. to provide for the needs of the people in the field of health especially in the rural areas.
According to him, a social agreement has been signed between the Home (Jail) Department and the Urban Affairs Department to relocate the Shillong District Jail to New Shillong Township.
Shillong, June 17: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (KHA) will meet at Lumjingsuk Office, Demthring, Shillong to discuss the The report on the activities of the letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, sent by the KHADC authorities on the amendment of many provisions of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill the Constitution Of India.
The Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Father J Madur was also present.
The HANM leader said it is surprising to see that the government does not listen to the demands of the people and waits until the protests are held.
Sangma from 37 – Kharkutta Constituency (ST), Nilkamal D. Sangma from 45 – Tikrikilla Constituency (ST), Dr. Tweel K. Marak from 39 – Resubelpara Constituency (ST) and Desang M. Sangma from Ex- There are 42 MLAs in Rongjeng Constituency (ST).
Police have arrested these three persons from Jhalupara after drinking drugs. They started causing trouble in the area and police arrested them. immediately.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (WPA) West Khasi Hills District has expressed its deepest condolences to the victims of the cyclone on the 19th of this month. months in the villages under the flood zone where four precious souls lost their lives and many injured and lost their homes.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The investigation into the shooting death of Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew has been launched, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Meanwhile, the winner of Miss Teen Meghalaya 2024 will qualify for the Miss Teen Diva 2025 pageant, which will be held in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Similarly, India, which has been affected, has taken measures to protect the people of the country.
To resume the recruitment, the Government has to spend more money.
The BSF troops during this training did not provide any training.
How many trucks will the government release per day?
With this good start of this road, many drivers, both large and small, enjoy driving their vehicles fast in the rush.
According to the BSF, in these four trucks seized in East Jaintia Hills, there were 57 muid which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh across the border. India-Bangladesh border.
Tomorrow morning, the President will arrive in Shilong and meet with the people at Mawphlang near Law Kyntang. She will meet with the women's organizations selected from all over the villages. This is the President of India.
Referring to the issue that can be achieved in the future after the formation of the government, it is something that everyone wants to know as soon as possible.
He said that at present, trucks that have to enter Bangladesh have to pass through Dawki.
When the SP News Agency received this information, it went to the place to check whether the allegation is true or not. paid by those who needed this blood test as ordered by the doctor.
Those who wish to participate can get more information and forms at these places, the entry fee is
He urged the people to be selfless and the spirit of love for others should remain as it has always been.
Meanwhile, the KSU has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta to consider the issue faced by the applicants.
Effrey Warlarpih is the head coach, Damehi Kyndiah is the manager and Baiainehlang is the physio.
Shillong, Naitung 10: It took 21 years to get a Civil Sub Division in Mawshynrud. The demand for a Civil Sub Division started in 1996, after getting an Administrative Unit, he said. Witting Mawsor MLA of this constituency.
Speaking as a special guest, he recalled that his father PA Sangma used to speak in the Parliament of India and said it was pleasant. Bodo Land University will hold a lecture on PA Sangma.
They include Beneslaus Khyriem (21), Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar (29), Rapborlang Nongrum (27) and Kitboklang Khongwar (20).
The Symbut Myntri Rangbah said that all shopkeepers should follow the government's guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from time to time.
of Meghalaya under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, as the State Escort Officer.
The youth is from Upper Babupara village, Tura.
Police have arrested Teiborlang, 24 years old.
The meeting was inaugurated by KK Sharma, Director General, BSF. The meeting was also launched by the Chief of BSF. Dr. HL Raskaran, IG, Director Medical, also released a statement on the demands of the Army.
The truck number AS01-DD-7867 was seized by the FKJGP members. According to the complaint of the FKJGP, these trees were cut down without permission from the authorities. of the law and cut down trees in illegal logging factories.
There are people from the rural areas living in Jammu and Kashmir.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said, “We are still considering these issues as there are many demands for a Police Station across the state and I am one of those who expressed my feelings. We should strengthen the existing Police Stations and implement them 100 percent and review them carefully before proceeding.
Similarly, the sculptors have displayed traditional snaps and fragments of ancient sculpture from various parts of the country such as Lanjiya Saura from Odisha, Warli from Maharashtra, Madhubani from Bihar, Bhil from Rajasthan, Kond from Madhya Pradesh. , Pithura from Gujarat, Kuchipudi from Kerala, Jadopatiya from Jharkhand and many other traditional paintings of the deities of different peoples of India.
Furthermore, this village has been inhabited only by the Khasi-Pnar since ancient times and falls under the Khasi-Pnar Elaka and Hima.
When asked by the union, the Rangbah Shnongs of these areas said that they did not have any information before they did this.
Speaking at a meeting held at Jaiaw Lum Pylon, Bah Marbaniang said that it is not the scientists who stand at the place to speak and the doctors are only the caregivers of the patients. Meghalaya has been invited to participate in the World Wide Rally.
The union urges the state government to reject the proposal to auction MeECL to private companies and the union will continue to strongly oppose this and if the government does not believe it, the union will not hesitate to hold protests. .
Of the nine householders from the North East, those who represented Meghalaya are Bah Raphael Warjri, Dr Kamal Jhunjhunwala and Keith A Pariat.
Replying to Dr RC Laloo's question, Dr Kharlukhi said that if Dr Laloo feels that the vote of the NPP party is empty, why does he say that he will not contest the MLA election? year 2018.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the TMC in Jirang, Dr Mukul said that the present MDA government cannot rule. and many of the problems faced by the people.
There are 168 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 89 from West Khasi Hills and 47 from West Khasi Hills. there are 76391 people.
Treiborlang Suchen added that the Sub-Division which has an area of ​​405 sqkm and 95 villages and the roads are very bad will be the most difficult for any ambulance outside the Sub Division. that it can help the sick in a short time.
The Government has also discussed with other states to bring back the people of the state who are still stranded abroad. The Government has also discussed to use special planes to transport the people who are stranded abroad. can afford the plane fare.
The Prime Minister of India said that this is another achievement as the Kakrapar Nuclear Power Plant has been built with locally produced energy. is the largest to date.
The Minister said in the House that there are 280 employees in MCCL. He said that the government has paid their salaries but there is still something left. government to MCCL for the first time, T.13.18 crore, T.6.6 crore, T.25.48 lakh, T.21.51 crore and the last T.4 crore.
Five cases have recovered today, three from BSF, one from Ri Bhoi and one from East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The lack of staff at two veterinary clinics in Thynrai and Thangsning under Mawkynrew Block has led to the need to transport sick pigs to Shillong for treatment.
The questions should not be used for those questions that should not be scanned on a computer.
The planting of siej will help in increasing the yield of the farmland and this will in turn increase the income of the farmers.
“Because of the COVID-19 pandemic around the world, it has restricted the movement of people, but don't miss the opportunity to visit Meghalaya, because it is a place of beautiful.
“Furthermore, the BJP leader said that the party is ready to contest the elections.
What is the purpose, they intend to seize the rice that they have planted hard by our people.
Three suspected car thieves from Assam have been burnt alive in a forest in East Garo Hills District on Tuesday morning. it was suspected that it may have been a gang of car thieves who committed the crime.
Shillong, March 16: The Plantinium Jubilee of Laitumkhrah Higher Secondary School Shillong will be celebrated on the 22nd and 23rd of this month at Soso Tham Auditorium. The chief guest on the occasion was Prof RC Laloo who is also the Deputy Chief Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Teachers appointed under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme of the Central Government have formed the All Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) at a general meeting held today. They have decided that the government should pay the same salary to the Fourth Teacher or the fourth teacher because there is a difference in the salary even if they teach in the same school.
Shillong, March 04: The Government of Shillong is deeply concerned about the traffic jam on the roads in Shillong and especially the traffic jam on the GS Road in parts of Mawlai, where most of the passengers stay. cut by that palace hour.
The Government wants to make Meghalaya the Cultural Capital of India. The Government will hold festivals and for this purpose the Government has allocated T.20 crore. The government will also introduce a policy on the film industry and T.5 crore has been allocated.
Shillong, July 30: The Department of Law and Law, North Eastern Hills University on Saturday held an explanation session on the new laws and crime. Mawkynroh House of Representatives.
They were encouraged that the farmers need to keep their own cows or buy manure from their own country as part of ensuring that the cow manure is less chemical.
At this meeting, one of the directors of the Kripa Foundation, Sherrarad Wallang, said that when there is cooperation, there is success.
On the first day when the UDP party launched its manifesto, it wrote clearly before reaching the working groups, “The Election Commission of India (ECI) has set .2019 to hold public elections in all these Councils (KHADC and JHADC).
Members of DAY-NULM women's SHGs were taken to the Water Treatment Plants (WTPs) to understand the procedures for providing clean and safe water to the households.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The book on the life of Thomas Jones' wife Anne Jones has been enriched in the Khasi language.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) in its meeting today decided to appeal to the people of the state to maintain peace and order in the state. .
In Ri Bhoi, there are 22 cases, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
He congratulated all the KURs who came forward to take part and said that this shows that the jaidbynriew is still alive and strong on its foundations.
Those foreigners who do not want to be in Meghalaya can leave the villages and areas of the Khasi Hills.
However, as it is, it has not yet been able to send UN representatives. Tibetans around the world are grateful to the Indian government for its support in their struggle.
Hundreds of people from all over Shillong have gone for examination at various doctors who were present on this day, such as ophthalmology, dental, bone and related doctors. kind of disease is not in the way.
On 25th June 2022, the union sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU requesting him to set up this training center at NEHU. The KSU has reminded that on 12th July 2022, the officer has written to Dr. Vikas. Trivedi, Director in charge of the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of the Union Government in which he requested for permission including OBC and ST. The Tribal Development Division was transferred to the Department of Tribal Affairs in March 1999, so the matters relating to the Tribals no longer fall under the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment. The letter was signed by the KSU Education Department Chairman R Kharjana and R Najiar Secretary.
Police have registered a case against the maker of the news and arrested him yesterday.
Shillong Lajong beat Luch-Energia Vladivostok FC of Russia 4-3 on penalties after scoring three goals each.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, today said that 755 vehicles and motorcycles including vehicles and motorcycles have been seized. .
Other leaders who attended the function were Working President Samford B. Sangma, CEM of GHADC Dipul Marak, Chairman of GHADC Denang T. Sangma, NPP candidate from Selsella Constituency CA Sangma and others. other party leaders.
According to witnesses, the driver of the mini bus fled the scene after the incident.
Agnes said that in the report received by the union, it was found that there was a delay in the submission of the report because Ramu Thapa who fled with Fullmoon was not included in the report. while the name of Kiewborlang Skembil who was not in jail at that time was mentioned.
After the payment of the money, the President of the HPF Tyrso Branch phoned the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to inform him of the withdrawal of the money. I don't have Aadhaar.
The expenditure for the year 2024-2025 will be T.329,07,00,710/- which will be expended in this fiscal year while the total revenue from all the revenues will be T.329,02,67,3 - The shortage of funds has reached T.4,33,4
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that one person has recovered from COVID-19 positive in East Khasi Hills District. The total number of cases so far has risen to
Speaking on the occasion, Rangdajied Marwein of NEHUSU said that if the BJP accepts this Bill, it will not discriminate against the people of North East. He said that the BJP values ​​Bangladeshis more than the North East.
Thakur was abducted on the 26th of last month and it was confirmed that he was dead after his body was found without his head.
This was announced by Bah Sanbor at the awarding ceremony of the Matric examination organized by the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
Regarding the entry and exit of people, it will remain closed until 15th November.
The third phase of the Khelo India Youth Games has seen many activities taken up by the government for the first time, including the installation of aircraft to transport athletes from Kolkata and Delhi to Guwahati and the go-green programme. which will see electric vehicles at the venues.
The recommendation outlines the steps taken by the Department of Information and Broadcasting in the release of various recommendations to the media, warning against the promotion of media outlets.
This fund will be allocated in addition to the funds allocated by DoNER through the NEC to the North Eastern States under existing schemes.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Boney A Kharmalki who works through the SSA 12 Laitkroh Block. He also urged the civil society organizations in the area to come forward to see and help in the fight against such incidents especially. to people who have disabilities in the body.
No place of worship shall be used to give speeches on elections.
Replying to the allegation by Sanbor Shullai MLA of Shillong South that there are foundation stones, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that The MLA from Shillong South, the MLA from Siju-Rangra and the MLA from Kharlkutta said that the government will take action against the government. do not avoid in the years to come to lay the foundation stones.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Catholic Church Zone VI of the Archdiocese of Shillong has held a two-day meeting at Parih Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District. kingdom and peace and God will provide for you.
This road is famous because it leads to the market where fish from Andhra Pradesh, pylleng, soh from all over India, many kinds of ktung come from abroad to Shillong. in the area but no one was looking at her.
They fought for their dreams.
On education, the Prime Minister said that the presence of an IIM and an education technology park will increase employment opportunities in the region.
They are the ones who will inspire the players in the future," he said.
In the MLA elections to be held on 27/2/2023, only Dr Mukul Sangma has contested from two constituencies. In 2018, he contested from Ampati and Songsak. and now he shall fight against Songshak and against Tigris.
The cost of this road in the initial allocation in 2011 was T.1494 crore, but after review, the cost of construction will increase to T.2023 crore. including land acquisition fee also.
When asked whether there were any items related to Syiem Tirot Singh that were kept in the house on the occasion of the death anniversary of this great king, The answer is that there is nothing but a house.
On the other hand, the party hopes that the Governor will take action in this regard.
This news has saddened all those involved and is a great loss.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM SYW, said that the KHNAM SYW is deeply saddened by the large number of educated youth but who are unemployed due to lack of job opportunities. the government to employ many talented youth in government offices.
Police are investigating the incident.
The IG of Meghalaya has expressed his views on the memorial to the BSF soldiers who died at BOP Kilipara. The deceased is a peacemaker in the whole state.
Police have taken the complaint and are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrator.
On the other hand, the government strongly condemns the call for a blockade of the HNLC's office, saying that the people should not be afraid of this intimidation of the HNLC as it is the duty of the government to provide protecting the public.
The Chief Minister said that the strong foundation of India today is evident through the reforms at this time.
The other two soldiers who were honored today are Colonel Jagdish Singh, Lt. Colonel Martin Khongmen, Lt. Colonel Narayan Thapa, Naik Sarshon Lyngdoh, Envoy Dhurba Singh Thapa and Envoy Raj. Bhadur Gurung, Honorary Captain Narayan Singh Thapa, Honorary Naik Subedar DB Thapa, Honorary Captain Ganesh Bhadur Thapa, Honorary Naik Subedar Harka Bhadur Sarki.
During the meeting, the Union Minister listened to the speech of the Chief Minister.
Meanwhile, the HYC Amlarem Unit under the leadership of the General Secretary of the Amlarem Unit and Sport Secretary of the Circle Samla Bonanza together with the members of the HYC Amlarem Unit today as part of the fight against Covid-1 to distribute medicines around Amlarem.
On the other hand, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the ban on the Internet in the state has deprived the people who earn a living and has affected the students who are preparing for the examination. .
However, the government has produced petrol and sold it mixed with ethanol.
Shillong, Naiur 17: Students who have passed the police examination in 2019 have decided to hold a protest at the MBOSE office because the government has not yet released the police examination. to the resolution.
