“I asked too.
This session will be the last session of the 4th Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, as the election for the 11th Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be held in month of June
At the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Minister of State, was sworn in in the name of God.
After this, an investigation was conducted and it was found that the government was wrong.
Shillong, July 17: The Employment Regeneration Committee (ERC) of the SSSS has informed all the students who have applied for the post of Post Engineering Assistant of All India Radio and Doordarshan. The interview has been postponed to 21st July
He stressed the need to bring about economic development in the last 25 years with the cooperation of all the people of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The attendance of government office workers in East Khasi Hill District has been very low at 37 percent, while in South West Khasi Hills, the attendance of government office workers has been very low. and that is up to 78 percent.
He said that if we want to move now, we have to move forward from the beginning.
This was stated by Bah Dobok Thabah, Spokesperson of the SSSS Upper Shillong.
Furthermore, they saw that the arrest of the rebel groups in Garo Hills who went to arrest without any discussion ended in arrest.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEA) has also held a meeting to express its sorrow and grief over the passing away of one of the editors in Meghalaya.
There was also a great congratulations to all those who came to this meeting.
One of the four children cried out for help.
Shillong, July 06: Police have been working hard to find out where Bah Julius Dorphang is missing and to arrest him and take him to the police station. However, as of today, the police are still in the dark about his whereabouts.
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose encouraged our people by saying: “Give me blood and I will give you freedom.
Shillong, March 07: Two candidates of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Pyniaid Syiem from 24-Mawryngkeng Constituency, today filed their nomination papers for the mid-term elections. Development Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Union Minister of State for Urban Affairs Hardeep Singh Puri has arrived in Shillong to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling to follow up on the schemes implemented.
“The BJP won 303 MPs in the last elections and this time the BJP will decline in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Delhi, Bihar, Punjab, UP, Himachal Pradesh and other states.
The Prime Minister asked, how far has this teacher brought you to change? “I have read many books written on teachers,” said the Prime Minister.
Regarding this RTI request and advocacy, the KSU Laskein Circle gives its full support to the KSU Myntriang Unit and will stand with the Unit in all their activities.
Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU said that to achieve this goal, the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) urges the Meghalaya government to declare 2019 as the Year of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU). farmer.
The total number of passers was 4846 males and 7511 females. The total percentage was 79.37%, 73.86% for males and 83.38% for females.
Shillong is a place where there is a lot of opportunity for IT development in the North East and it will help many young graduates to find jobs.
: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Karnataka has inaugurated the World Sickle Cell Day program in Mysore district.
According to the East Garo Hills Police, 79 rounds of bullets were seized from the hideout, 175 rounds of ammunition were seized from the hideout. 7.7 and 10 equipment are used to build jngpynbethe.
" Mawphor dt.28.11.2019 It is an unprecedented incident that a nominated MDC has written against the Governor.
The Prime Minister said that in such changing circumstances, the country should try to bring about changes in its working methods.
East Jaintia Hills Police have launched a search operation to arrest the suspects who bombed the two women. you are still walking.
“We would like to express our gratitude and heartfelt congratulations to all the Rangbah Shnongs and all the people of EJHD and the North Eastern State of India for their full support. “Finally, through this statement, we inform the government that if anything happens, the curfew will be successful today,” said Bah C.Rymbai, President of SRS-EJH. If the government does not listen to our demand, we will intensify our protest from now on until the end of the MDC election,” said the statement.
in parts of Langpih and expect that they will be able to resolve the boundary.
The Chief Police Officer of Mylliem Hima said that the song was placed by a man in the shop of a friend and later taken by the owner of the song. you plan.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the state government has fought as hard as possible to have rules and regulations on coal theft by amending the rules and regulations. to protect the workers and the satisfaction of the workers.
For example, the presence of a son u thousand;  ii) the village child;  iii) son-of-the-king; and iv) the raiot; who have their own status of citizenship and who differ from one village to another and from one Raid/Hima to another and it is unacceptable to have only one citizen. residents of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Ms J Tariang of MACS explained how the disease spreads and what are the ways to prevent it.
Furthermore, we have the opinion that the State Government should enact its own law for reservation in admission to schools.
Shillong, March 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of an Indoor Stadium at Lawsohtun worth T.8 crore in the presence of the MLA of the area. said Hamletson Dohling.
The Ministry has set targets for all States and Union Territories to identify eligible beneficiaries and release the loan.
K S Nongbri, Joint Secretary, Finance(EA) Dept, i Kong.
Is the Health Department of Meghalaya a State Department or a Central Government Department?  The KSU demands that the Government should immediately resolve this issue and urges it to be the employer of the state residents and not the foreigners,” said the KSU.
The CORP said that the rynga has been used for illegal purposes and it is surprising that the forests in Byrnihat have not seen the rnga that has been collected. strongly warned not to allow companies to commit illegal activities that destroy the environment.
All these are caused by tobacco products and if we can avoid these it will help to reduce such diseases.
This incident in the village has caused a lot of news and today at about 11.30 pm the people turned to Mahendraganj Police station and this march broke the police station and paid. to the vehicles in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Shillong Police on Friday received a complaint that there was a fight between three market vendors at Police Bazaar. hand.
Therefore, in this regard, the JSU demands that the government and the education department should take responsibility for this so that the students will not face this problem.
It is for this reason that the B.Ed College at Mynthong has not been opened by the government due to the Draft Education Policy of the Central Government.
In his speech, Bah Bub L Mawlong explained how Umiam Village got the Dorbar Shnong. He said that they have talked to many Lamphangs of MeSEB in the previous villages and it was after he became Lamphang. RB Lyngdoh in 1986 was allowed to own the village because it is the land of MeSEB and now MeECL. It was in 1987 that the full time office bearers were elected. He was elected as the first Rangbah Shnong and other members of the Dorbar Shnong and this continues to this day and this is an honor that in this place where there is a Dorbar Shnong.
Violet expressed her gratitude to the NPP for accepting her into the party and at the same time giving her the ticket to contest the MLA election.
The Congress has raised nine questions on the nine-year rule of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in India since it came to power in .
Bah Wanmon has three young children but at the time of the fire there was no one inside the house which destroyed the entire house and belongings. the produce, the clothes in the house.
When he visited the BJP, although he was well aware of its activities, and after becoming impatient and with a spirit of responsibility, he decided along with all his followers to leave and Please support the KHNAM party which has seen and heard the foundation that has been shaped to preserve, protect and develop the Hynniewtrep people.
Other speakers included Chief Secretary RV Schiang, Secretary Home Affairs CVD Diengdoh, members of NHRC, MHRC. , officers from the police department, from the CRPGs as well as from the CRPF and officers from the three states.
They also discussed the shooting of illegal immigrants at the border which has resulted in injuries to many people. these things happened.
“They have introduced laws that destroy the constitutional rights and freedoms, they have allowed uncontrollable violence,” said the Secretary of KJCLF. have a responsibility to exercise their right to vote on election day and to decide with a pure spirit of solidarity, courage and understanding that we want hope for the better and new .
Mukesh Ambani, Chairman, Reliance, expressed his gratitude to Prime Minister Duh for encouraging the country to build a prosperous country before
The Government is doing this to provide land for those who sell land.
Donald also explained that the CAA came into force in 1971 when the Indian government provided accommodation to refugees from East Pakistan during the Bangladesh Liberation War.
“After his visit to the Serum Institute, Prime Minister Duh tweeted, “I had a good discussion with the team at the Serum Institute of India.
The Joint Parliamentary Committee has submitted that the tribal self-government headed by Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadars, Dolloi and Nokmas in Meghalaya have suffered many violence. through many AINs for more than seventy years in an attempt to exercise their Executive, Legislative and Judicial powers within the boundaries of the Hima Elaka in relation to the customs and traditions of the Hima Elaka. The Chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Committee, the Chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Committee, said that if only these promises and agreements in the islands are not The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 has been introduced in the Lok Sabha in the Lok Sabha. July 2016 to amend the Citizenship Act, 1955, and it is a violation of the Treaty, and informed that in fact the Citizenship Act, 1955, should have been repealed. The Citizenship Act 1955, is a violation of our customs and traditions, especially in terms of citizenship, in our own Villages, Raids and Himas.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Chairman of Meghalaya Rural Bank, the AGM of NABARD, Commissioner Secretary Sampat Kumar and one of the BCAs from Mawkyrwat.
The requirement to disclose the names of those infected with COVID-19 is to protect people from this disease.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The total number of BSF personnel who have tested positive for COVID-19 so far is from Umpliang, Shillong, bringing the total number of cases to The Director of Health Services, Dr A War, said that there is a close cooperation between the government and the army in Shillong especially the BSF. So far, 1026 people have been tested by Rapit test, 735 by RTPCR, 26 positive and 108 awaiting results.
It is true that many of the organizations have helped people to get justice for those who have been discriminated against.
The time has passed, the written language has grown.
Shillong, Nailar 27: A Jeep number ML05-J-1784 driven by Bah Libarlan Thabah overturned at Ladweitang in Nongstoin this morning. Two persons were injured and taken to hospital.
This is a day of encouragement to the children of the country to be proud, to love and to preserve their identity as Khasi.
There are 16 villages around Nongjri and it is the center of all the villages as there is a market in this area.
Bhalen Thubru, one of the office bearers of the JAC, said that the price of transportation offered by the companies is only about 25 per cent from the price set by the government at T.1.25 per hour. quintal.
Tura, July 26: Meghalaya Police today released four traders who were abducted by GNLA and ULFA(I).
Kenneth said that Adhoc teachers are also facing difficulties due to the low salary and this has made it difficult for fellow teachers to support their children to continue their education in many ways.
At this meeting with the leaders of the Harijans, they were shown the drawing prepared by the government. The government will send the drawing to them tomorrow morning and after receiving it. and they shall sit down and meditate among themselves.
Shillong, July 07: Unidentified militants have detonated a petrol bomb at the BJP office in Shillong at midnight.
The State Election Committee (SEC) of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on July 21, 2023 announced the nomination of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the MP candidate for the Lok Sabha elections. The 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will be held in
Children's Minister Kaushal Kishore praised the Mission's initiative in setting up Integrated Command and Control Centers (ICCCs) in all 100 smart cities.
If the affairs of the Hima are known only by the Syiem, the question that arises now is whether the children of the thousands who live within the Hima are involved.
Due to the stinginess and disrespect of the shopkeepers in Mawlong Hat, the buses coming from the rural areas have not been able to enter Mawlong Hat. Parking Lot, but they had to move to Umshyrpi.
Manstudy Nongrem, Leader of the Congress in KHADC, told SP News Agency that the letter of withdrawal of support to the EC of Bah PN Syiem has already been sent. Although the Congress has withdrawn its support from the PDF in the KHADC, the Chairman and Deputy Chairman in the House are from the Congress party. you are in the council.
Shillong.
This is in 35 States and Union Territories of India under the PM Formalization of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Scheme. This is done with the approval of the State Governments in consultation with the Ministry of Agriculture. the central government.
Regarding the proposal to increase the number of smart classes, the government has requested through the NEC for another T.12 crore.
The Environment and Cultural Cell said that even in the past years, despite the guidelines issued by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, there is no way to ensure that they are followed properly. or the action of the government authorities to monitor all these.
The group would like to thank the people for their support and encouragement to us the leaders of various political parties in the District.
He said that the party will issue election promises according to the needs of the people. The Congress party has seen the suffering of the people due to the lockdown affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. .
“The NH-6 is the bloodline not only of Meghalaya, but of other states in the North East.
When this incident happened, the party in charge of the state went to Balakhawa on Saturday to find out the truth and what they want is to see that the government should do something like that. these things shouldn’t happen.
On the demand for the restoration of the VHAM, it depends on the authorities, said Dr Mawnai.
Shillong, July 23: U Agnes Kharshiing, one of the leaders of the civil society groups, has written to the Additional Superintendent of Police (SP) in charge of crime in East Khasi Hills that Yunus Nongrum has misused the Khasi community. I don't know if I'm a Khasi, I don't know if I'm a Nongrum.
“First of all, I would like to say that it has been an honor for me to have the opportunity to work with the MPCC President John Kharshiing to inform him that he has left the party. I have been a member of the MPCC since I joined the INC in September
They demanded immediate compensation from the government in connection with a fire incident in Kuliang village, Narpuh district.
A statement from the party said that this action of the VPP could turn Meghalaya into Manipur or worse Manipur.
Speaking to media, Bah Lambor said why should the government be overthrown when the government is working for the people? There is no such thing as a state in the fourth century.
He said it is good that many youths from rural areas come to this training center to improve their knowledge through computer skills as in other parts of India.
The Seng strongly condemns that the reason for the delay in the implementation of the Rs 25 crore road of KHADC is also due to the failure of the MLA Ranikor as PWD Minister but if this Minister takes care of the development of Umdohlun area , Wahkaji and Phlangdiloin since long ago this money from KHADC should have been implemented.
The festival will start at 3 pm. There will also be performances of traditional dances and many other games at the places where the Niangtaser come from.
Jowai, July 12: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has called for a 12 hour curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm today. East & West Jaintia Hills) as a sign of urging the State Government to set up a Blood Bank in Jowai has been successful and smoothly without any tragic incident.
On this day, there were allegations that some groups went to close down shops and offices.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the results of the MP election announced recently should not have anything to do with the election. and the establishment of the Executive Committee of the ARPA in KHADC.
In another incident, BSF troops deployed in South West Khasi Hills have arrested Pradip K Polin from Munai village after suspecting him of misbehaving in the village.
Baby Rani Maurya was appointed as the Governor of Uttarakhand.
The Government loses revenue.
Shillong, March 19: U Bah Thomas Passah on Tuesday said that there is a need to amend the Schedule Tribes List of 1950 and to do so, a firm decision from the political parties is needed.
He expressed his satisfaction to see that the youth who come to study at this school have the spirit to serve the Jaidbynriew through the HYC and he believes that through them it will encourage others. The Samla should not be afraid to play chess and serve the Jaidbynriew.
The CEM, Bah PN Syiem, said that the Executive Committee will be convened tonight to take a decision to bring the matter to the CBI for inquiry. and this confusion regarding the Mawthabah road and the signing of the MoU and the issuance of NOC to UCIL”.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) today met with the Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal on the death of Kharshanbor Muktieh from electricity shortage at Umiam Dam. you tree apkarod in this place.
Shillong, July 20: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today approved the Special Section in Parliament and Assembly Houses. Assembly and People's Assembly.
Due to the opposition of Khanduli Village, there has been a road blockade in which the Khasi Pnars living in Assam can no longer come to market in Meghalaya, as well as the Karbi people living in Meghalaya. In Meghalaya, they can no longer go to Assam.
: The Grant Center for Bhutan and GNH Study on Thursday visited the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to meet with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to discuss the issue. details on the functioning of Autonomous District Councils as empowered by the Constitution of India.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) through its Secretary Bah Lamsuk Langstang has informed the public that the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC) held on the 26th of this month has decided to suspend the HNYF. HNYF Assistant Secretary Edward Thangkhiew, resident of Mawlai Umjajew, Shillong, has been arrested.
On the other hand, the MLA also requested the names of all the land owners who have donated the land for the benefit of the residents. the price of the land.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Warlarpih said that the farmers are now able to buy the cows that have been smuggled from the smugglers to Bangladesh because they can no longer buy them because the price has gone up too much.
Speaking to reporters after the end of the session, the CEM said that the increase in the budget this year is T.50 crore. The revenue for the fiscal year 2024-2025 will be T.73,39,20,548/-.
It is also heard that during the election there are some people who use money just to get another vote, but we forget our Christian identity and for that reason corruption is widespread in this country. Your country.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang, one of the volunteers, on Tuesday said that although the MBOSE has not yet released the results of the SSLC 2019, the school has already announced the results of Class XI Science. starting on the 17th of June at Pine Mount School.
It is unfortunate that this incident happened on the day of Women's Day.
On the other hand, the CEM said that there are still many laws that need to be improved.
He said that out of the 53 villages that still hold this rwai iawbei, 23 villages including Kongthong. They don't want to recognize only the Kongthong because they want to recognize all the 23 villages that still hold this rwai iawbei.
On the same day, the party also submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister on the demands of the 2nd Meghalaya Farmers Parliament held in Tura in
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Teachers Association (JACAMTA) today decided to suspend the Minister of State for Education for two months from the 6th of this month. Dr RC Laloo has not called to talk to them on the demands they have already put before the government.
The work that women have done should be praised in the world when it comes to spiritual life and spiritual works.
During the meeting, the Speaker of the House agreed with the demand of the party leaders to look into what can be done to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrngit. the flag of the Government of India.
It is sad that the residents of Langpih and other border villages with Assam have to endure these problems from time to time because of the Governments of Meghalaya whether they are present or former. previously they did not take action to address the problems of the border communities.
In China, Beijing is called Beijing, in Singapore, Peck San is called Bisan, and in Bangladesh, Dacca is now called Dhaka.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) Ri Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District urging the opening of markets in the district.
However, in politics, this is the same, there is no difference between the loser and the winner.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah NL Mawnai, one of the teachers of Tirot Singh College, said that the United Nations in 1992 has established the 5th July as the World Environment Day. to raise awareness among the people of the world about the importance of the environment.
Shillong, March 31: U Director General of Police, Meghalaya, N Ramachandran, has passed away today. , Shillong.
Training and Skill Development Programs will be in Hotel Operation, Basic Electrician (Class X and above) and Masonry (Craftsman-Class V above).
This year's puja despite the fear of the people but it went without any incident, but due to the fear of the people less people went to visit from one Pandal to another. even.
He said that the State Human Development Council will be headed by the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary will be the Chairman. In the districts, the Deputy Commissioners will be the heads of the Council. related to the implementation of this project.
The KSU Delhi Unit sends its condolences to the family of Jessica Kharbithai and also sends its gratitude to those who have reached out for help at this time of tragedy from the KSU Sengkmie. .
The JYF announces that the Ex-Organizing Secretary (Mr.Esterwis Ryngkhlem) of the JYF has been suspended and expelled from his membership within the JYF. on 29-May-2014, because such people who take advantage of the opportunity to hide inside the Sengbhalang to deceive the ignorant and ignorant will create more problems for the Seng, concluded the statement. Vice President.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that the government will punish one of the employees of the Civil Hospital Shillong after he recovered from the illness. The victim was admitted to Rangthong PHC on the second day.
The construction of these houses has been carried out at a cost of T.30.44 crore. The total number of houses should have been 600 according to the target. in 2010 which has been suspended until now.
“We will select the places to sell the market which will not affect the traffic, the pedestrians and the people who will not disturb the peace and order or there will be no congestion.
This should include monthly inspections of fire extinguishers, quarterly tests of sound systems and sprinkler systems, and an annual inspection by those qualified in this field to ensure they comply with safety-related standards to verify compliance with applicable standards in India.
On the other hand, the KSU Diengpasoh has decided to take responsibility to talk to the Diengpasoh Village Authority and NHAI to clean and maintain this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Mines Owners Exporters Association (MMOEA) on Tuesday requested the authorities to release Dadied Syiemlieh without injury.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Shillong Airport security forces have used specially trained dogs to check the suitcases of passengers before they enter the airport. .
The JSU-WJC led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin also met with the Assistant Commander of BOP Dawki to seek clarification on this issue. The authorities have stopped this construction now.
Although the residents found the bodies of the children on 1/6/2022, when the police were informed, they arrived late and the father was arrested by the residents and handed over to the police. the story said that he used to shoot and beat her on a regular basis.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya State Women Commission in collaboration with the National Commission for Women (NCWW) in Sohra today conducted a training for women in the region to understand their rights.
This was stated by Badariti L Nonglait in a statement.
Meanwhile, the Ribhoi Police Chief said that the crimes of the HNLC have been investigated through social media and VO1P. The HNLC should immediately inform the Police and block the photograph and number mentioned.
This is under the jurisdiction of Umling Block.
The meeting was attended by the village leaders of eight villages in the area, Sengbhalang leaders and officers from the district.
Political parties and candidates should refrain from actions and statements that affect the dignity of women.
St. Mary's Girl Higher Secondary School, Shillong has been ranked First Ten in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) Commerce, 2024 announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE). on Tuesday.
Furthermore, the NFDC has organized a virtual masterclass with Florian Weghorn, Program Manager, Berlinale Talents to give a talk on the use of Film Festivals as venues to showcase talent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a placard rally in front of the statue of Kiangnangbah in Rambrai. .
The recommendation of the 7Pay Commission for the staff has been accepted at the hospital and the staff have been receiving their salaries according to the 7Pay Commission since November.
Shillong, March 20: Imson Foot Ball Club from Meghalaya has become the winner of the First Minister Invitation Tournament of Assam held at Nogoan on Friday.
The two-day exhibition was to showcase the work of the government department in the field of Dohkha farming in the state.
On the other hand, the KSU also asked whether the army wants land when there are civilians.
The protest by the Sengbhalang demanding the government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya has been going on for about two months. to call for talks with the political parties and to have an understanding between them so that it will bring peace and harmony, because this protest has affected the people.
He also announced six NCP candidates from Khasi Hills, ECB Bamon from Mookaiaw, Tyngshain Lapang from Mawhati, John D Sangma from Ranikor and Ronalson. Dkhar from Nongthymmai, Predecessor Rumnong from Pynthorumkhrah, Andrew Charles Gare from Mawthyngkut.
Amanda said in the ejahar that the family cannot accept the sudden death of Steffanie as she was a healthy person.
The public should observe the following rules when shopping, Wear masks, Keep a distance of at least 1 meter from each other, Do not gather in one place and shops and also not to spend too much time inside the shops.
Hek said that the report of his inspection today will be sent to the party leadership and also to the central government as this was funded by the central government. also to inform the Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
He completed his Novitiate from Mount Carmel, Kotara, Trivandrum, Philosophy with a BA from Vidya Niketan College, Feridabad, Delhi and Theology from Teresianum University Rome.
I am the wife of Mr. Wis Lyngdoh Nongum, resident of Pata Rim Block
He also encouraged the organization to continue with its good intentions so that the community and the village can move forward.
“It will be a pleasure for those who walk and stand on this road if a footpath can be built,” said the Secretary.
Momin president of ADE.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Paiem Balajied Syiem said that this year there has been an increase in the number of people despite the pandemic. They have come to this place compared to last year.
HITO also informed that many of the parents of the students do not know how to apply online and there are many who do not use the ATM Card but because they do not use the online payment it puts the students. in a crisis.
As it is now, China will decline in the number of people working in the country by 2020 so we should take advantage of this and it will be an attraction for foreigners to invest in this country. “If we can get people to do the work, if there is this opportunity, we should take this opportunity,” said the Prime Minister at a meeting held in Tura.
He said that on the 12th of this month, he had a car accident on the Nongstoin-Riangdo road and was rushed to the Nongstoin Civil Hospital. The staff in charge of the E-ray machines were not present inside the hospital and the doctors telephoned to However, from 1:00 pm to 4 pm, they did not arrive and the doctors could not send the youth to Shillong for proper treatment.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, P Naik, on Tuesday said that after receiving a detailed count of the polling on the 9th of this month, 68.97 percent of the voters turned out to vote for the two MP LSs in Meghalaya.
There have been problems in some areas regarding the construction of roads and fences due to the fact that some villages are within 150 meters from the border with Bangladesh. occupation and opposition of the people.
At the same time, the Jowai Unit has lodged a complaint with the management of the company regarding the lack of attention of the employees of the company in relation to the connectivity of the Internet at home. The Seng has received complaints from the public even after paying the connection fee.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The concept and present proposal.
On the other hand, as the MLA of this constituency, he phoned the Chief Secretary of the State Government to send relief items especially food and drink for these 575 people. There are 10 people who eat in this school building.
The JSU also demands that the government authorities should punish according to the law all those involved in the rape of this woman without discrimination.
However, it is clear that Assam does not believe in this.
Shillong, June 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has launched a documentary titled “KHYLLIE” on the 4th June INTERNATIONAL TRADE OF HERITAGE – PART 2", a documentary on the trade of heritage in Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The expulsion of the President of Mawlai Circle has been strongly supported by various units of the Mawlai Circle by expressing their support for the decision of the Sengkmie to expel Bah Kharlyngdoh from the party. Union because they expressed their confidence in the leadership of Samla Daniel Khryiem and Samla Auguster Jyrwa as the leaders of the Seng.
Shillong, June 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have continued to join hands to help the poor families during the lockdown. to fight against the COVID-19 virus.
When both sides feel they are right and others are wrong, the way forward lies in understanding.
He was arrested from Mairang and brought to Shillong on Tuesday.
This is according to a statement from the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Khasi Kmie.
During the meeting, Bah Hek requested the assistance of the central government to build an Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) center in Jowai.
She said that the way of life of the indigenous peoples plays a role in promoting the country's goals related to the conservation of natural resources and the maintenance of environmental order.
IIM is a place of learning and not a place of entertainment. The existence of IIM should be a blessing and not a curse to the nation.
Shillong, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District today issued a notice ban ban the carrying of more than T.50,000 tyngka, gold or silver without proper documents. fine.
The Pastor in charge of the church, Rev R Kharkrang, briefly explained about the work of the Welsh missionaries and at the same time explained the questions of the children. The students were also taken to the grave of Thomas Jones' wife, Anne Jones at the church cemetery in Nongsawlia.
In addition, the Laitkyrhong 'B' group of Hima Khyrim has won the title of the stieh Bormanik Syiem who is the head of the committee, which was donated to the group with the stieh khun ( replicate).
On the other hand, the Governor urged the officers in the area to work for the development of the people by implementing all the schemes for the district.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that being tolerant and having confidence is how the public administration works and the state will develop in all aspects.
He said that if the police have arrested those who planted the bomb in front of the NPP office, why can't the police arrest Vicky? It is not that they want to discriminate against the people but it is the actions of the police.
Alantry Dkhar said.
Suchen said the recovery of the vehicle is a successful demand and will benefit the patients.
The JSU also sends its condolences to the family of Samla Lurshai Hyniewta and to the KSU. The courage and dedication of Samla Lurshai Hyniewta for the cause of the nation and her name will live and her name will remain with us and our descendants.
Shillong, November 22: Groups of people led by Bah Banshai Marbaniang of Mawsynram, one of the volunteers, today expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's permission to allow to those who have given their lives to receive the syrnot of the nation.
NEDFi has donated T.2 crore to the PM-CARES Fund from its CSR Fund.
Police have arrested them and after investigation they have revealed that they are from Sahebganj village, Jharkhand.
Besides, Article 11, Sub Clause 3 and Clause 22 have also been repealed as recommended by the Governor.
At present, there are 24 KISCEs in 23 States and UTs and 360 KICs have been opened in different districts of the country.
Today, the Prime Minister expressed his satisfaction that the school has been improved with his contribution.
MBBS students were also encouraged to express themselves through conferences and this was achieved through the first UGCON held at NEIGRIHMS on 17-19th July
Meghalaya has witnessed a mass uprising by the New Villages to do something at various levels to restore the beauty and cleanliness of our State”.
Speaking to media, KHNAM General Secretary James MA Neng said that the Chief Secretary has promised to take up the proposal of KHNAM to the State Government so that it can implement the proposal. analyze before making any decision.
KSU leaders said that the child was seriously injured and belongs to a poor family.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today led by Samla Enlang Sawian today met with the management of IHM Mawdiang2 Shillong following a complaint by the Khasi students of IHM Mawdiangdiang Shillong. The sudden increase in the semester fees of the 5th semester and also the payment of the due fees of the 3rd and 4th semester of 8600 along with the fees of the 5th semester.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The AJYWO has expressed its deep sorrow over the deterioration of the National Highway 44 especially in the areas from Khliehriat to Kongong where the people of the country have been involved in the Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij. Last Tuber, they used a bad and bumpy road to celebrate Behdeinkhlam.
Shillong, March 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma demanding that the Mawryngkneng C&RD Block should be upgraded to a Civil Sub Division.
He said that he had met with the Minister of Tribal Affairs, Government of India on 7th June 2012, Shri M Venkaiah Naidu, MP. RS, Chairperson, National Advisory Council on Home Affairs, on 8th June 2012 and 9th June 2012 together with the Chief Executive Members had the opportunity to meet with Mrs Sonia Gandhi.
The HNLC's desire for peace talks or the Government's call for peace talks does not mean that it is a refusal or an opening. When the Government calls 100 times, it is the duty of the HNLC to respond 100 times to the Government's call. If the government does not agree with their proposal, it can reject it. There is no problem but the struggle of the HNLC will continue.
Police suspect that it was a shrud incident.
Prevention will be better than cure.
The purpose of the Lokayukta is to be an independent body to investigate against the higher authorities if there is any allegation of corruption against the people in power.
On the other hand, the party has urged the prime minister to take action to look after the area.
On the other hand, the residents of the area, while walking and meeting their friends, expressed their happiness by greeting each other by saying 'Merry Christmas' people went to pay and to buy food in their homes.
On the other hand, BJP leaders, General Secretary Ram Madhav and Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma were also present.
The three awards were, the Patogan Sangma Award, Leanderk K Marak for volunteer work, the Kiangnangbah Award for volunteer work, Dalyne Kharbhih for volunteer work. The Tirot Singh Award was awarded to Bah Sumarsing Sawain.
The office of the largest bank in Meghalaya has closed at 12 noon, the State Bank of India has closed at noon and all other central government offices have closed at noon.
She has worked as a driver for many companies in the city.
The Seng also stressed that there are some people living in Shelter Homes which is a place for the homeless and economically disadvantaged, but there are other people who are living in Shelter Homes. They don't have a car, they don't have a job, but they stay in these places because they don't have enough to eat and drink.
The goal is to provide roads. The road from Adokgre to Mangsang is the decision of the government and this road will be completed.
In East Khasi Hills, 19 cases, 2 cases from BSF, 1 case from Army and 16 cases from civilians, 9 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from CRPF and 34 cases from West Garo Hills. 8 BSF and 26 civilians.
The name of CP Marak IFS, who has retired, was also received to be appointed as the Executive Chairman of the Meghalaya Board of School Education for a period of 12 months.
Regulations have been prepared for the start of postgraduate studies.
The women who were still standing near the jngi have been trying to rescue the victim but to no avail as they have already drowned. The village authorities together with the Fire and Emergency Service police have tried to rescue the victim. However, due to the rain and the heavy water, they could not find the bodies of these youths in time but it was only at 6 pm that they were able to recover the bodies of these youths.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the members of SHG Khanduli said that although they are in the rural areas, they want to keep their village clean and tidy. be clean, and do not throw your garbage in the streets.
In his speech, Bah Manstudy demanded that there should be an assurance committee. On the other hand, Bah HS Shylla said that to do this, it is necessary to amend the AD rule and allow the EC to prepare it. This is because the assurance committee will have to act according to the rule.
Shillong, July 21: The Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) today on the occasion of the 48th Anniversary of Meghalaya. The Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi, has inaugurated the State Independence Day at the Garrison Ground, Shillong.
During these three days, the people have seen with their own eyes the strength of the Indian Army.
Shillong, July 04: The house of the Governor of Assam Province on Lum Shyllong is still in ruins.
In the Modi government, the NDA has two MLAs in Nagaland and one Rajya Sabha MP Ramdas Athawale. expires on 2/June/2026 as MP Rajya Sabha.
He said that not all diseases can be cured but we can prevent them with the benefits of Ayurveda.
One of them died on arrival at Mairang Civil Hospital, while the other survived and was shifted to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The mother of Jeina Rymbai has lodged a complaint with the police on the 21st of this month.
The total turnout of voters in the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency is 484127 votes. At the time of writing, 481259 votes have been counted. He has already received 329497 votes and the Congress candidate has received 137282 votes, in NOTA 16597 votes and the remaining 750 votes.
Initially, the payment of ration recipients by ePoS machines has started at only 10 shops in Shillong.
The Dienshonhari defines the dulir-juban-tyrwa as a public announcement of political candidates, and the purpose of the group as a political party.
The arrested confessed that they had received the gold biscuits from the Raja of Bangladesh and to bring them to Shillong.
HYC Shillong City is pleased to express and demand that the Government should use the land where the PWD office is located in Barik to build a shopping mall. the Riewkhraw of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep in the same place and to have a place to hold public meetings or public protests.
Tens of thousands of parents from 7 zones attended the event under the leadership of Spiritual Director of the Union Andreas Sun and President Bah Carlus Kharkongor.
Caroline Synnah, Center Coordinator, Sr.
He said the government has set up a special sports team for them.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Answering a question by Winnerson D Sangma regarding the IACDP and DTFM scheme, the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah AL Hek, said that the money from the The scheme has been launched since 6th June
Two new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries in Meghalaya to 92,1
As the organization, we have found that the color has faded and this has caused problems to the people who come and go especially those who have to walk every day.
The cause of diabetes is when the pancreas cannot produce enough insulin (type 1 diabetes).
Leaders of the Central Puja Committee also accompanied the Chief Minister on his visit to several Pandals in Shillong along with officers. from the state government.
It is learned that the victim was identified as Rajkr Rai, resident of Garikhana, Shillong.
The fish farm was also funded from the special budget of the Chief Minister. The Chief Minister said that all the species that eat the most in the state are fish and in a year the state does not produce fish. The state produces only 50% of it, most of which comes from abroad.
“Meghalaya is a small state, its indigenous people are small and backward in all aspects.
Dr.Sudhin P.P., from ZSI, Kolkata, and Dr.John T.D.Caleb from Saveetha University, Chennai also participated in this study.
Although the Sub Center was completed four years ago, the failure of the department to open and implement it at that time has caused the building to collapse and turn into a hole in the ground. the village is destroyed.
The department has taken steps to improve the security of the country's media and has implemented its powers under Rule 16 of the Interim Media Ethics Code,
Shillong, Nailur 25: The election for the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) will be held on the 27th of this month. on Tuesday at 11 am.
Speeches were delivered by church leaders and NGOs of Tura.
Shillong, March 21: The BSF troops of the Meghalaya Frontier today celebrated the Police Commemoration Day
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Umiam Circle, led by the President, General Secretary and members, on Tuesday evening seized two vehicles, namely, the Force. Traveler and a Sumo, carrying about 25 foreigners who came from Assam with the intention of working at Topcem Cement Factory, Jaintia Hills and other parts of Shillong.
“On the part of the Dorbar Shnong, we condemn and oppose this act of robbers, to come, tied and bomb without knowing who is right and who is wrong.
Shillong, July 03: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (HPSO) has demanded that the government should provide commercial vehicles from Shillong to Nongstoin and from Nongstoin to Shillong.
“The party cannot sit idly by and does not want the Metor strike to happen again like it did in 2018,” he said.
On the 8th June, the cleanliness drive was taken over by the students and staff of NEIGRIHMS together with the residents of Pynthorumkhrah.
They don't want the same people to rule in the same ways for decades now.
On the other hand, Bah Moris Shabong, Rangbah Shnong Sawmer, while speaking as the Chief Guest, turned to Samuel Jyrwa and said that the visit of Bah Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO will be a great gift. I would like to thank the people of Sawmer for being a star who leads the Jaitbynriew.
During the years of Narendra Modi's tenure as Prime Minister, the Congress party has written from time to time to the government to pass the Bill, but after six years they have passed the Bill by introducing it. the change in name but the purpose is the same as they do now.
Congress leaders like Sonia Gandhi, Mon Mohan Singh and the Home Minister have taken this decision to do whatever is necessary to give statehood to the people of the region.
New Delhi, Lber 27: To prevent the misuse of hydroxychloroquine by the public, the Union Government today issued a government notice through the Joint Secretary to the Union Government, Dr. Mandeep K Bhandari.
Whether you are elected or not, or whether you win or lose, you know and take responsibility for the high level of each person because you have been appointed at the high level.
We are grateful to the DC for conducting this inspection within 10 months,” said HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, MEMRIU President Mierlina Syiemlieh said that during the meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, He said that the government cannot accept the management but will hand it over to the private sector.
Major EA Rowlatt became the first Deputy Commissioner of the Cossayah and Jynteah Hills District.
In fact, foreign workers are only employees or traders, and they have no right to be the owners, the arrogant, the arrogant and the arrogant in our Khasi Khasi Jaintia country.
He said that there are nine shops in the shopping complex and all of them have been damaged as half of the house is made of wood and this has caused serious damage.
The recommendations of this meeting were taken by India at the UNFF
Bah HB Wahlang Rangbah Shnong of Upper Lumparing expressed his gratitude to Bah Sanbor for his hard work in implementing various schemes, including roads, footpaths, others and this playground. to the children.
Shillong, July 13: The Lyngdoh Mawphlang Kur Seng strongly condemns the robbery of Bah Edwin Lyngdoh Mawphlang on the 11th of this month. jur on this tragic incident.
The UDP has sought the support of other non-Congress parties like the NPP, Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) and KHNAM for its candidate.
Speaking to media, Hek said it is against the law to disclose the name of the patient in any way. The hospital authorities have been directed to search and punish those who spread such news.
Referring to the formation of the MDA government, he said the president of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit should not admit that it was the BJP that made Conrad Prime Minister. UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, Amit Shah, Rajnath Singh and Himanta Biswa, should not be forgotten.
This was announced by Bah Arborlang, President.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: A group of Dorbar Shmongs from 49 villages around the Umngot River have formed a Joint Action Committee against the Umngot Hydro Electric Project. Sangma to demand that the construction of the dam on the Umngot River should be stopped.
The meeting was attended by Smt.
The death toll from the disease has risen to 1578 in the state so far, with one death from East Jaintia Hills District. and East Khasi Hills 1069 persons.
MPYC President Richard Marak said that it could happen in the state now, or tomorrow it could happen in other places.
The film has been screened at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai until November 23, 2023 and has received high praise from many viewers at the venues where it has already been screened. , because it is related to the present era where many young people do not understand the value of the family and to uphold the dignity of the family.
Government land allocated to private individuals, government departments and various groups is 37,372.9468 hectares and the total government land is 38,181.9468 hectares.
Conrad K Sangma MP of Tura has lodged a complaint with the Niti Ayok that the state government has not released the money belonging to the District Councils in Meghalaya. to T270 crore.
The strike will start from 05th November 2022 to 16th November 2022. The strike will start from 11.00 am to 3 pm every day except Saturday and Sunday. god.
Regarding the remaining examinations, the Ministry of Education has been directed to arrange them as it appears that there are still two subjects left and the number of students who will take this examination is not many. 1000 people.
Monbait Tyngkan and Secretary Histokrist Pachiang, former Secretary Shnong of Iooksi, have been elected as Rangbah Shnong for more than 6 years. He has also been the Secretary of the Village Employment Committee (VEC) of the MGNREGS Scheme for more than 6 years.
The union also congratulates the education minister for taking the initiative to bring about this change which is urgently needed to improve education in the state.
The Lyngpung ki Seng Kynthei has expressed its strong condemnation of the incident in Manipur which has led to the destruction of the long rynieng by sending a clean walk as shown on social media, which is unacceptable at all. spirit yes.
Shillong, June 26: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NNEPCO) has cut off the supply of electricity to the Meghalaya Electric Power Corporation (NEPCO) from 26th noon due to non-payment of electricity bill. to T.243.34 crore.
KHNAM has submitted its comments through letter No. KHNAM/CEC/2023-24/RP dated 31st June,
Sanjeet of Services, who became the 2021 Asian Champion, won the 86-92kg category 5-0 against Naveen Kumar of Haryana.
Air India and Alliance Air aircraft were used to deliver these essential items to different parts of the country.
Bah Sohtun said that the demand for Civil Sub Division is not new but it has been for more than decades and this time they have hope that the demand of the people will come true.
To date, the company has supported more than 15 NGOs across the country.
“We as the residents of the village are deeply saddened and surprised by the killing of our Rangbah Shnong, because until now we don't know the root cause and on our part as the residents we have never seen any signs of evil. but he may be a man who is steadfast and honest in his work, said these two leaders.
On this occasion, the party workers from all the constituencies in Shillong City attended the meeting to empower and appoint the new leaders of the party for 2017-2
In the march pass competition, Sacred Heart Girls Higher Secondary School won the fourth prize, National Cadet Corps, Boys won the second prize. Corps, Girls.
“When they call us to talk, we are ready to go because we don't want to create any trouble,” said Bah Ardent.
Speaking at the meeting, Sadhu appealed to all political parties to maintain peace and order as all the elections in Meghalaya have gone smoothly without any disruption.
On the other hand, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “The government led by Narendra Modi aims to help and empower our traditional medicine to spread beyond the society and borders and help people to live a healthy lifestyle and bring in marketing campaigns for the area.
Dima Hasao District is a district where the residents include the Dimasa, Zeme Naga, Hmar, Kuki and the small Biate, Khasi, Karbi, Lushai, Hrangkhawl and others.
For the post of Publicity Secretary, there are three candidates: Ostarnic Marbaniang, Reallystar Nongspung and Rapbor Nongrum, while for the post of Office Secretary, there are nine candidates. Johnson Nongkhlaw and Ian Gil Moore Nonghuloo.
“I am pleased that these games have been included in major tournaments like the National Games,” he said.
Referring to the suggestion to convene a meeting of all political parties on this issue, the government will look into this, the Prime Minister said that in fact when the police They have requested not to publish the statement sent by the HNLC, but some media outlets are still publishing it.
The Director General of the NCC, Lieutenant General Gurbirpal Singh, said that during his visit to the North East, the Directorate in Shillong is one of the Directorates in the North East. India has won many competitions.
Speaking on behalf of the mother of the poor woman, she said that about a year ago I lost one child and I have raised four children. The same feeling once again, through the refusal to admit this child here in the hospital.
In another incident on 26th March 2021, Md Ifazul Hoque Choudhury has lodged a complaint that he was shot dead by three unidentified persons at Umnget in Ri Bhoi District while they were on their way from Karimganj to Guwahati. , said that the robbers have robbed T.60000/- tyngka.
The Army was formed on 15th July 1941 by Sir Robert Reid, u Governor of Assam and said, “We are a good example of Assam”.
Police have arrested two persons from the vehicle who are alleged to be drug traffickers. Police have seized two mobile phones from the vehicle and registered a complaint against them. person.
Six persons have been arrested and taken for further investigation. The law will take action against them, no matter who they are, the law will take action against them. who is the political party of the world.
The ARC also visited various parts of Shillong including Sohra, which is a rainy area. The students have received many benefits to understand about the military services. .
After the meeting, they will take a decision and inform the government because they will meet again after the Puja. Whether they accept or not, it is not yet known. The land on which they plan to build multi-storey houses is 2.5 Acres.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: A storm has destroyed the houses of the 6MLP Battalion at Umran, Ri Bhoi District this afternoon. depressed.
He said that in the coming days the KSU and NESO will discuss these measures to be taken by the KSU and NESO.
Over the past nine years, the Modi Government has built a digital platform for the health sector that aims to provide access to healthcare for all.
A total of 280 people from all states and hospitals, railway departments, army departments and 1000 people attended the training.
This was the last match of the league stage of the tournament, with Mawlai ending on 16 points, just behind Rangdajied United FC’s 18.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Speaking after a meeting of the MDA, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Reservation Policy without The Roster System doesn't have any purpose.
The 1M1B Green Skills Academy is developed for college students aged over 18.
“It is expected that the money should be released for the work which will start on a daily basis,” the order said.
In this regard, a sub-committee headed by the Prime Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong has been set up to discuss the post of MP in the Rajya Sabha.
Regarding the purchase of an ambulance for T.5.5 lakh as mentioned in the RTI, PN Syiem said that the proposal to purchase the vehicle has been canceled and instead of them an auto has been purchased. Truck T.1.5 lakh and a footpath worth T.2 lakh at Dongshilliang in Mawsynram.
The film was shot in Kongthong village in East Khasi Hills District and was directed by Oinam Doren and produced by the Center for Cultural Resources and Training, New Delhi.
The reason is that the rules of the old GPF are too long.
Also present on the occasion were Principal Secretary to the Governor, KN Kumar, M War, Director of Sports, John F Kharshiing, President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA). and its officials.
If this is the case, the rights and decisions of the people have died and disappeared in this country.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary in charge of Education of KSU Jowai Circle, Samla Conard.
On the other hand, the DC of East Jaintia Hills has expressed his concern over the high price of the land which is about 3 crore tyngka but he said that he will try to discuss the price with the owner of the land. Bindro Simple so that you can reduce the price.
He also recalled the time when he came to the North East as a child journalist in the 1980s, and said that he had visited many places in the North East and Meghalaya but not only. He has never been to Garo Hills even though he has been to Shillong.
Speaking on this issue, the DC said that he will send a letter to all the cement plants in the district to discuss this issue.
Police have taken seriously the incident as it happened at the house of the leader of the people in the constituency where he lives in Lumkshaid Mawprem.
He said that while they were standing, they heard the speech of the President, regarding the salary remaining for three months, other issues that the teachers will be able to do or receive before
Two G3 Riffles, one 303 Riffle, one 7.72 MM pistol and one 10 rounds of ammunition were seized from the raid. bombs, 40 dynamites, 66 ticks.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Governor of Assam and Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today met with the Governor of Assam and Meghalaya at Raj Bahvan.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, was also present at the Shad Nongkrem. ,and also with other leaders of political parties.
He stressed the importance of grabbing all the opportunities that come our way and mentioned ease of lifestyle, ease of starting businesses, transportation, ease of obtain a favorable judgment are national priorities.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the DC said that if any taxi drivers charge more than the price, they should complain to the office and the office will take the necessary action. to the instructions.
Shillong, Lber 03: U James K Sangma, Minister of Electricity, Meghalaya today left for Delhi and met with the Union Minister of Electricity, Raj Kumar Singh, on the issue of electricity supply to the state. electrical works.
The curfew has affected the access of people to the polling stations.
This is the only way to prevent the spread of the Corona virus.
He won the fourth seat as MDC in 2009 which was the last term of his life. During this term he was Deputy CEM again since November 2010 when Lamdibok Sumer was elected as Deputy CEM. He was appointed as CEM. His last post was as EM incharge CWD from June 2013 until the day of his death in the EC of Madon B Rymai.
At this public meeting, the CSWO and TUR urged the people to report any insults or violence and the CSWO and TUR will go and arrest them. perpetrators of violence against women and children.
It is like a census and we will not make a survey yet.
Shillong, July 26: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed the budget for the year 2014 to
He said that there are about 17 new issues that need to be investigated. These 17 issues are about religion, customs, beliefs, marriage, language, culture, customs and others. ," said the CEM.
Secretary Tyllilang Youth Village Manad.
The people were urged to submit their views if they have any concerns for the protection of the jaidbynriew and the party has set a deadline for submitting their views within three months.
Shillong, November 08: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) has recently formed a union and is registered under the Trade Union Act, 1926 and Registered No. 177, Meghalaya.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, HITO President Donbok Dkharu said that ACHIK has sent a letter to the Ministry of Development to suspend those illegal immigrants. from the Garo community, where the party leader said that ACHIK has started to aiding and misleading the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Legislative Forum on HIV and AIDS, on Tuesday said that the MLAs should continue to contribute to the issue. The forum will donate to the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
The complaints of the students were about the way the questions were put and the answers to choose themselves. They found that there was a mistake in which some of the questions did not match any of the options put in the question papers.
Ten people from Shillong have registered for the training program at this meeting today.
Shillong, November 06: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung today met with the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah CVD Diengdoh. on the BOP in Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to reporters, he said that if the MCCL is done halfway, the problem of the workers will not continue as it is now. you have put light three lat.
The Lok Sabha and MDC elections will be held in 2014 and those who have reached the age of 18 years must register before 30th July
Shillong, March 09: The President of India has appointed Justice Ranjit Vasantrao More as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court under Article 217 of the Constitution. to the work.
The relevant notice was published in the Gazette of India on
Shillong, Iaiong 01: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that there are 50 cases of COVID-19 in the state. East Khasi Hills District.
Teacher P Tariang and S Diengdoh also received the award.
The union also complained that many of the villages in Amlarem Sub Division have experienced the wrong price calculation in which MeECL has increased the price twice.
The MRTI will continue to seek the support of other groups to force the government to introduce a strong law and this will start from the 19th of this month.
Speaking at Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi referred to Bhavesh Deka's visit to Guwahati, where issues related to the North East were discussed.
The total number of confirmed cases today is 59, 50 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from West Jaintia Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from East Garo Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 1, 594 cases have been confirmed.
We have worked with the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC) in the State.
Regarding this, Parliament will continue to sit and accept these demands. Therefore, it is the right of the government to suspend the elections to the GHADC. The Government is not the State Government alone but on this basis.
Investigation revealed that the drugs were smuggled from Tripura to Guwahati.
In 1987, the Gorkha National Liberation Front was formed in Shillong under the leadership of Captain Amitabh Thapa, an ex-army officer.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet will attend a public meeting in Ranikor tomorrow morning. constituency is not in the opposition.
For those who have not completed their qualifications according to the norms, it will be T.9,200 to T.13,335 for Lower Primary teachers and for those who teach in Upper Primary it will be T.9,900 to T. , 392.
Shillong, June 05: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day at its district headquarters in Khliehriat in front of the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah. they don't have that bag.
During the meeting, the Chiefs of Army Staff of the North Eastern Region of India explained the situation and said that they will be vigilant if there is any attempt to invade the country. who was created to protect.
Not only that, but we have to understand that after the investigation, we don't know who wins but maybe our people on the border will still be harassed.
The union also visited the Rangbah who was shot dead by the BSF at Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Employees of NEEPCO Private Limited (NEEPCO) Limited (NEEPCO) on foot from Mawsynram today collapsed and fell into the river.
Other runners-up were Larihun Warjri, Suba Pyngrope & Larihun Warjri, Kiefer Wilson Shullai & Kynsai SM Umlong U-19, Cherly Mawlieh U-1
MPYC President Richard M Marak in a statement sent today said that the party will stand firmly against the BJP government's bill. They were arrested at Mandir Marg Police Station in New Delhi.
Prof. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Falguni Mukherji, Shamita Goswami and Ketaki were also present. Choudhury, Mario Pathaw and Raphael Warjri, on issues of personal interest and those related to the role of literature in society.
The theme of the competition is “To Protect the Meiri – Sawkun which is the Tree of Life.
The power plants in the state have also not been able to operate as planned.
Speaking to SP News Agency, EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah NA War, said that the KHADC is currently trying to consult on how to deal with the trade. you're 'online'
The Minister also urged the residents to inform the Deputy Commissioners if there is any excessive price increase and they will do whatever is necessary to ensure that there will be no excessive price increase.
He said the NPP has MLAs from all districts except SWKH district and the mid-term elections are underway and after this election the government will do what the people want.
Shillong, March 24: Rotary International today celebrated World Polio Day.
While the post light was burning, people climbed to the roof of the shops in the antique section and poured water on the post light. At this time, a police fire truck arrived and extinguished the fire.
Investigation by SP News Agency, it was found that the JHADC has built market shops inside the Super Market Complex by covering them with tin siliang and many of these market shops are empty due to lack of they don't shop in these markets.
“I don’t think I can comment without seeing the text (sent to the Government).
The main purpose of this cleanliness drive is to educate the people on the importance of being clean because cleanliness protects people from many diseases.
“We urge the Regional Committee not to end the inspection only in Khanduli, Mukroh and Psiar which are still part of Meghalaya and Hamren, Jrikyndeng on the part of Assam or to conduct a joint inspection from both. They should also monitor the Joint Survey Report of the District Councils in 1958,” said the Forum.
The benefits of doctors are that they earn 10% of their annual marks in their job and those who work in difficult areas can earn up to 30% of their marks in the examination. Post Graduate Medical Courses.
The country has made progress in developing electricity generation from non-fossil sources, building a unified national grid and strengthening electricity supply.
Zenith said the purpose of the press conference was to express the grief of the farmers across India regarding the Farm Bill which has been passed in the House. parliamentary session was held.
Shillong, March 06: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) has strongly condemned the police for arresting its leaders as terrorists and murderers.
The state has to pay T.14.6 crore to the Assam Electricity Board as the state uses its own electricity to supply electricity to Meghalaya.
Referring to the Congress party which won four MDCs in the JHADC, with their departure to join the BJP this morning, the Congress party in the district has lost its leaders. public inside the House.
the scheme they choose.
Police have arrested him on suspicion of being one of the counterfeit money launderers in the North East.
The Government here cannot point fingers here and no one can point fingers here because the Constitution of India article 29 first paragraph states that any person living in India who has They have the right to preserve their own written language, customs and traditions.
The union said that this is the dream of the people of Mawlai for many years and now it has come true. The union is ready to help the government if it needs to get land whether it is from the people. There is no government land in Mawlai.
ANCW President Mawphnaing said that today is the day of the visit of the Union Minister. They did not want to protest inside the university. , that after the 29th of this month, they will hold a protest inside the university.
On this occasion, Bah Vivek Syiem, Special Superintendent of Police, Intelligence Department, explained the role of VDPs in the fight against drugs. Her speech on how to deal with those who inject drugs.
This was announced by the Minister of State in charge of DoNER, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Atomic Dr Jitendra Singh in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today. during questioning.
Ease of working in businesses, The country is currently changing, amending and simplifying employment laws.
China and the USA have grown by 80% while India is only 1%.
We must also avoid things that are unrighteous and unreasonable.
The Prime Minister said that the delay in increasing the salaries is due to the demand that the government should take over the schools. It will not accept the schools but will assist the managing committees by increasing the financial assistance by 100 percent of what they usually receive.
The awards for this year, and last year’s awards, will be presented after this year’s celebrations are completed.
These students who passed the examination in 2010 and have not yet found a job have started from the ground floor of Ri Bhoi College.
Officials from the KHADC office and members of the Khasi medicine community were also present to inspect the site to see whether it is suitable for the opening of the site. treatment and training in Khasi medicine.
Reading not only published the Khasi newspaper Mawphor, but also founded the English newspaper known as the Highland Post which is one of the earliest English newspapers.
He said that according to the notice board of the NIOS at the Directorate of Educational Research and Training, Shillong, it is clearly written that the examination fee will be T.300 per subject. The increase to T.370 shows a clear misunderstanding among the senior staff within NIOS and this has been a deception to the teachers of Meghalaya.
The promotion of foreign investment and the production of domestic healthcare equipment are in line with the 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' and 'Make in India' programs of the Government.
At this meeting, it was suggested to the government to have or set up rules and regulations to monitor those who have been convicted of drug trafficking and also for those who have been confirmed to be involved in drug trafficking.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Two Bolero Pic-Ups from Hartoli were seized by BSF troops at BOP Muktapur in West Jaintia Hills District. to Bangladesh and the value of the clothes has reached T.17 lakh.
The election of the Doloi of Jowai Elaka was held only by the Rangbah Elaka and there were 24532 voters. Of these, only 16518 voters came to vote for the Doloi. The Administrator of Jowai Elaka today said that the election has been conducted smoothly in the entire Elaka. there was no accidental incident.
From now on, if the MBOSE wants to change the question setting methods, it should notify all schools so that they know how to teach students in classrooms according to that question setting model, not don't just set as many as you want.
Earlier, the ECI had issued a warning to political parties and candidates not to use harsh language or insult people with disabilities in their election campaigns.
The ceremony was attended by the Wahadar of Shella Confederation, Swami Maharaj of Ramkrishna Mission Sohra, Presidents, Secretaries, Rangbah and women from near and far.
(Ph.
At the Jubilee Celebration, on March 1, 2022, former students and former teachers are expected to attend to remember and thank this mother's house.
Ajya Sindh, DIG BSF in charge of Meghalaya Border was the chief guest.
On the other hand, the members of the NRDF have helped a lot in the installation of the pumps of Coal India Ltd. It is believed that 15 coal miners have lost their lives.
What has led the Seng to fight against this issue is because it is in conflict with the lives and deaths of the people. .
Other speakers included the BDO of Mairang C&RD Block, V. Swer, Andrew Sawian, District Program Manager, DDU-GKY, Nongstoin.
He urged the party workers to encourage their fellow party workers, to explain to the people at every polling station not to get involved in this evil practice.
He said that he will try to work hard in the short term for the Dong Ri Bhoi and the State as a whole.
When he saw this, he went to rescue these two people whom he believed to be the father and son. After he managed to rescue these tourists, he was shocked. The sea came to take away the life of Wanteimon.
: The fake flags made in the shape of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which does not have even the shab of Prah written with a marker pen have been erected by people who cannot tip at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that if the work requires, the leaders of the Union and the people of Umden area can accompany her by sitting on hunger strike with Kong Bindas in Shillong.
Construction Manager of ITC Cementation India Ltd.
These are just the villages in the countryside.
Many churches know that the General Convention/Council is usually convened in the halls in the presence of all the members, in the presence of the elders, guests and the press.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today visited Mawkyrwat.
Today, as the country celebrates its Independence Day, people in various parts of the country are suffering from floods and heavy rains.
On the other hand, the police at the coal depot at Shangbangla have been on high alert to ensure that all the coal trucks have to depot before leaving for Guwahati.
Bah Kharrasawai said the establishment of the AMCPC is to address the problems of the region which is lagging behind in many areas in development.
In his speech, the Director Art and Culture, Bah Nongsiej, as the chief guest, said that it is necessary to celebrate the Day of the Mother Tongue and this book talks about how to strengthen the language in the country. side you throw you tar.
On the other hand, the Branch Manager of State Bank of India Ladrymbai Branch welcomed the proposal of the union and promised to join hands with the union to provide training to the public to avoid fraudulent people who want to steal money without producing. syep from the body or without the use of the brain.
At this meeting, the DC said that the public will soon be informed regarding the Measles-Rubella Vaccination and urged the public to work together to ensure that all the Measles-Rubella Vaccination children should not receive this vaccine.
With the 12-Mawsynram Constituency, the villages which used to fall under Mawkyrwat as Sawsynper area will now fall under Mawsynram as this area has fallen under East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media after being sworn in as Minister of State, Bah Brolding Nongsiej said, “I am happy to be a Minister to help the constituency and the state as a whole. ".
Secretary, Dong Moopynie; u Bah M H Dkhar, President, AJYWO Central Body; The Principal, Mrs. Theily Dkhar; Teachers, students and others.
Later he launched Feviquick and M-Seal and these became well sold until he became one of the 45 richest people in India.
The Environment Cell urges the District authorities and government departments to take immediate action on this issue and we also demand the State Water Advisory Board and the State Pollution Control Board to take immediate action against this land grabbing. CRPF and Shillong Municipal Board.
Kripa Shankar Yadav, Additional Director General, Press Information Bureau, New Delhi, and Jane Namchu, Additional Director General, NE Zone, shared their views on the conference.
DoNER Secretary Naveen Verma, North Eastern Council Secretary Ram Muivah and other government officials were also present at the meeting.
The lack of rainfall is also exacerbating the water shortage.
“In every village, ASHA workers are paid by going to help those suffering from Dengue, Malaria, TB and by helping poor mothers or sick children.
When the residents, Rangbah Shnongs and MDCs saw with their own eyes that the company in Mawthei and Khyndai mer garbage or cow dung which used to discharge into the source of the Umtrew River. cover them with the earth, that they may not be able to do what they have done.
He said that five companies have already signed agreements to set up businesses in the state and their expenditure has reached T.2957/- crore and according to the Industrial Policy. The Single Window Agency has been abolished and the Meghalaya State Investment Promotion and Facilitation Authority has been established.
In her speech, she said that the goal of the Women Commission is to promote and protect the rights of women and at the same time to empower them to achieve their goals. hk like a woman.
Ricky Sohlang Secretary of JACSOMA said that this was witnessed yesterday when dozens of market vehicles and hundreds of trucks were stranded due to the bad weather. on the Nongstoin Road.
When the union met with the contractors who are working on the road to discuss why they have stopped working, the answer they received is that the reason is that they have not received the bill. They have already implemented the cleaning of the color which they call the “First Code”.
The Pnar film “INAMARATO” is one of the most beautiful Pnar films because it carries very important ideas and advice for the society especially in this age.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 28: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement sent by Samla Forwardman Nongrem announced that the KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) will cooperate fully with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The state has decided to fight against the corona virus.
On the part of the people of the 10 Kurs, they expressed their gratitude to the Rangbah for their ability to reunite and organize as led by the previous leaders of the 10 Kurs.
However, the Police Department in an advertisement on 6th October, said that the recruitment will be done in accordance with the Revised Uniform Guidelines for the recruitment of Police Officers in the Meghalaya Police Department published in 1 November 2023.
Following the meeting, the CEM took some decisions which are not necessary for the market. At the meeting, it was decided that no one will be allowed to sit in the market. stay inside the market, while those who have received permission from the Hima will not be able to stay from 1st July
Because as you may recall, many areas in Shillong have been declared containment areas.
The Government has explained and distributed letters.
The call of the union is to discuss the Inner Line Permit they demand.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, AT Mandal will receive the salute in Nongpoh, Sngewbhalang Dhar in Jowai, Deborah C Marak in Williamnagar, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh in Sohra, HDR Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwat and Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar in Jowai. DD Lapang, Government Secretary.
You must not accept the authority of yourself or the people; you must not accept the authority of others.
He also laid the foundation stone of the first phase of the Integrated Complex Karmayogi Bhavan in New Delhi.
As the whole world respects the Khasi people who take their lineage from their mothers, this action of the government has extended to the authorities of the District Council and the census of the Khasi people.
In his speech, the Director General of BSF urged the officers to be vigilant in protecting the border between the country and Bangladesh. you must achieve stability.
There was also a clash between the police and MLAs, leaders and supporters of the VPP. The Deputy Commissioner's office was closed.
The Prime Minister said that he had a fever and the doctors of the health department tested him and the result was COVID-19 positive.
The program was concluded with welcome speeches by the Organizing Secretary, Dr OP Patel and Director of the Institute, Prof Dr PK Goswami.
New Delhi, Jymmang 07: The North East Road Sector Development Scheme (NHIDCL) has been launched in the fiscal year 2015-2 The scheme has been extended until 2020 from 17th October
Before this, other states didn’t realize you could attract them.
These 400 employees will be responsible for food security, accommodation for players and leaders, transportation, health care, media, all sports venues. that kind of game.
According to Jowai Police, at about 5 pm, a group of people from Pala Kseh village under the leadership of Shngain Lamare, Marbud Iakai, Boin Paslein and Loin. Paslein, Sen Paslein and Bai Paslein carried sticks and went to the house of Desment Salahe in Umkyrpong.
Speaking on the purpose of the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSPB, & Chairman, Ka(), said that the meeting was written to the GEF/UNDP. Program) since 2010 (four years ago), and after a thorough discussion, the office in January 2014, accepted our request and allocated 24 Lakh as an initial grant to be released in four installments to hold consultations with the villages surrounding these forests, to protect, maintain, improve and enhance in all aspects these Law Kyntang, Law Hima, Law Raid, Village, Kur, and Private Laws to make a small contribution as a pilot project for several Sacred Laws, Hima Laws, Raid Laws, Village Laws, Kur Laws, and individual Laws, as a starting point for cooperation.
The people were urged not to be afraid.
The traffic of private and commercial vehicles will be in accordance with the orders already announced.
Shillong, Nailur 22: BSF troops at Pyrdiwah have seen people moving along the border and when they suspected their movement, they stopped and arrested them along with a vehicle used as an Alto. Maruti-800 (ML05-Q0551) and arrested two persons.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Speaking on the occasion of the 73rd Independence Day of India at Madan Polo, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is focusing on trade and investment. Bangladesh to boost the income of the state.
Shillong, July 17: Police from the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District today seized 454.32 grams of heroin from Madanriting Police Station.
Such times, whether due to natural disasters or other causes, require immediate measures to provide assistance to those affected, to reduce the damage to property and power outages. .
However, in Meghalaya, Shillong, there are no aircraft flying to this area.
Police have sought permission from the court to arrest Bernard N Marak without bail. The police have issued a search warrant for him across India. I'm from Uttar Pradesh.
“We tried to protect my husband but we couldn't fight because they attacked too much and after that the soldiers fled my house,” said Kong Martina in the complaint. At 12.30 pm, about a hundred men came back and attacked my husband again.
Shillong, March 25: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to introduce the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Bill, 2021.
Shillong, July 10: All Saint, one of the Christian churches, will celebrate its 100th anniversary at 4 pm. Bishop Presly Lyngdoh, Bishop Presly Lyngdoh, today said that the All Saints Church will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year. It was founded in Guwahati in 1844 and was first established by the Viceroy.
The inspection was attended by representatives from various government departments, PWD, SMB, MePDCL, Social Welfare, traffic police and village officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today launched the 2011 Census of Meghalaya.
According to the directives of the Ministry of Finance, the continuation of schemes of Central Government Agencies beyond the term of the 14Finance Commission requires a thorough review.
He urged the public to call 108 as one of the reasons why 108 was discontinued in 2014 was due to the lack of phone calls or cases at that time.
Supply of oxygen, Strengthening of ambulance services and reduction of time to provide assistance and refusal of treatment by constant monitoring by local authorities number of contractual employees and description of jobs.
Bindas, who started the fast at 12:00 pm on Friday, said she started to feel tired by 9:00 pm.
Speaking to media, Dr Mawthoh said he would like to express his gratitude to all the political party leaders from the UDP, NPP, PDF, HSPDP and also to the independent candidate from Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malangniang who have worked hard for you.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The MLA of 48-Selsella Constituency, Ferline CA Sangma, after taking oath as MLA, today said that her first task now is to turn her attention to the future. roads within the Constituency for the next four years.
The pollution of this river has affected the villages along the river and also the fishermen.
The union congratulates and thanks the Sub Divisional Officer for taking the initiative to deliver 5kg of rice along with dai to all the villages of Sub Division Amlarem.
The Minister spoke on the paanchpranku as Prime Minister Narendra Modibad urged the schools to align themselves with these four visionary oaths.
The scheme should be completed by 30th July 2023, as Meghalaya has natural resources such as land, water sources from the forests and this is a new source of income. of the people in this state.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Abu Taher Mandal today went down in history as the first Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. between the byndei and the tribes.
The Central Government has already sanctioned the construction of the Jowai By Pass and the road from Shillong.
The purpose of this festival is also to bring love to almost all the ethnic groups within the Raid Nongtung and this was expressed by the participation of Lakhempong, Khasi, Karbi, Tiwa and others. Other ethnic groups within the Raid Nongtung were also allowed to participate from outside the Raid.
When the late Bah BB Lyngdoh came back as the Chief Minister in 1998, he did not live in the house but in 2000 he resigned to allow Bah EK Mawlong to eat. As the prime minister, Bah Mawlong had moved to the house but his government was dissolved in
Bamon said that in other states of India, the state governments cover the cost of labor and she knows this when she talks to the participants of the competitions. can help.
It is difficult to see that the people or the elders from other areas beyond the border of Khasi Jaintia will rise up and demand their own state.
JAC Secretary Drimshon Mawleiñ, Secretary, said that the leaders have expressed their views before the Dy.CEM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Pynshngaiñ N. .Syiem that as the children of the thousands of the Hima they no longer have any confidence in Syiem Niandro Syiemïong by accusing him of being a stonewall, a disturber of the village and a destroyer of peace and order.
He said the Government has decided to recruit 3,108 Policemen.
This is not the first time but almost every year when the rainy season comes, the residents have to sit in darkness for days and months.
Diral also asked Pynshngain why he is still showing to the world that he loves the people when his term of office as MDC is only 10 years when he has not done anything in these 9 years. “I would like to send this message to Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM from Jaiaw constituency. “I am sorry that you have been deceived by Bah PN Syiem, so I urge Bah Adelbert not to be deceived by this MDC of Mawsynram constituency,” he said.
This has shocked the minds of these students and especially the parents who support their children to study at this institution because of the sudden increase in the semester fees without informing and those who have passed accordingly. the fees structure that has been given to them from the beginning.
A hundred years later, in 1875, after Robert Clive's death, there was a strong opposition to the British and this was considered the first war of Indian independence. from the hands of the British.
This has affected their livelihood, especially the households who earn their living through the NH
After being in the custody of the police, he confessed to the presence of these weapons in the area. lang who is a witness.
The date of the Common Platform has been fixed for the 18th of this month and will start at 10 pm.
He also spoke about the role of Shri Anna in the International Year of Millets.
For persons with disabilities, there will be only two groups, under 15 years of age, childhood and above 15 years of age, adults and there will be no registration fee.
Chicken houses should have adequate lighting, shade and protection from rain, snow and cold wind.
“ICRISAT is a group of countries responsible for agricultural research in Asia & sub-Saharan Africa.
The reason for the threat was the spread by Markus Lapassam of Umtyrnga village that T.78 crore had reached his account. Darius Marak and Nathil K Momin. “They kidnapped his 16-year-old son and took his life by demanding Rs 100,000. The spreader of the news should be arrested,” said Monu.
The Chairman of the Executive Council, Nripendra Misra, spoke on the current activities of the Society as well as the plans for the future.
He spoke about the incident and the ideas given by Wing Commander Rakesh Sharmauba, the first Indian to go into space.
ED, there are those who do not have the syrnot D.El.
Phazmon Iongloor, one of the EMs of JHADC and at the same time the spokesperson of the NPP party which leads the EC, told SP News Agency that the salary has not been received yet. can be paid is 11 months to date.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has worked hard until now to seek the support of the political parties with MPs in the Rajya Sabha to oppose the bill. The CAB Bill, 2016 will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha if the BJP government passes it.
At the Goa Games 2014, India won two gold, silver and four bronze medals in Goa through Kalpana Devi Thoudam, Avtar Singh, Pramod Kumar, Garima Choudhary, Snusha Gawas, Manjeet Nandal and Rajni Bala. and Shivkaran Kenat.
The goal now is to find the perpetrators.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a reply to the The party on the 7th of this month on the three demands of the party.
The worst punishment will be for those who try to escape or hide from Kim's tyranny, and certainly death.
Of this, the share of the Central Government is T.98,080.80 crore.
Police said Jied is the president of the Pynthorbah Unit.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or found Bah Estar to inform on mobile no 6009597161/8
Regarding this incident, the Father in charge of the area has informed Bakdil which is one of the volunteers of the Catholic Church.
Even in the face of poverty and hardship, the Korbar Kyrseishna, Bah Ioannis Shyllang, together with volunteers like Bah Shining Pala, Barikupar Warjri, Peter Syiemlieh, worked tirelessly.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the appointment and removal of ministers is the same from time to time. .
In the complaint, TUR said that the CAA 2019 violates the Right to Privacy of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people who still believe in their traditional religions, who have entered the country from Bangladesh. to Meghalaya India because they are not among the seven religions mentioned in the Act.
The DC said that he has already sent their demand to the government and he will receive the reply on Tuesday.
Regarding the price of rice, the price of rice is T.4000/- per quintal, the Deputy Commissioner has said that the price of rice should not be T.40/- per kilo. - and shall not exceed T.50/- per kilo.
The welcome ceremony for the ANVC, ANVC(B) and UALA was held to show that only the rebel groups from Garo Hills can sign a peace agreement with the Prime Minister. The HNLC has recalled what PA Sangma said at the door of God.
Shillong, March 21: Twenty-two Muktiars have joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today at a meeting held at the party office in Shillong.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai also gave a speech. There were UDP office bearers, relatives, children, Bah Kynsai M Khonglah, Kong Syrpailin and many others. There were many elders who came to participate in this commemoration of this great man of the Khasi people.
It has received the cooperation of social media personalities who have spread their videos to encourage the public especially the youth to come forward to become heroes to donate blood for the sake of bloodshed. the good of society.
In 2016, the Government of Meghalaya has suspended the construction of Mawshun by the people of Meghalaya (Khasi, Jaintia and Garo).
The demand for accurate information on the NPR by the people from the implementation of the NPR (Aadhaar No) is the right of the people,” said Bah Dkhar.
His appointment as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces is very important because of the current situation in the world, because they are ready to face any challenges that the country needs and national defense is an exception.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of the union, said that the meeting with the Director of the department was to know the availability of coal and also in connection with the transportation of this coal.
Up to 6 lakh children from 75 countries will take part in the drawing competition organized by the Lions Club International.
It was when the NGT suspended the coal trade in our country because there is no power in this country and now the power and rights to the land have been confiscated.
Police said that after examination, it was found that the body belonged to a man who escaped from the Civil Hospital Nongstoin, Bah Starsis Langrin. 34 years old from Shallang Sohbar, West Khasi Hills.
During this eye treatment, people from Mawber and Umsaw villages received medical assistance and those who need to reach the hospital were directed to go to Bawri Netharalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Area Commander of the HNLC has escaped from NEIGRIHMS Hospital at 8.30 pm today.
In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that the foundation stone of this most important school has been laid today and he hopes that it will become a successful school. there are many changes in the coming years in the healthcare sector.
Secy FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, expressed his regret and at the same time made it clear that if the authorities do not take action on the demands of the FKJGP to implement as soon as possible the needs of the people. The Nong Shong Shnong on the part of the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures even to reach the border to stop the construction of the road which is in progress.
In a statement sent by HM Marbaniang, General Secretary, the SSA Schools Association (SSA) Sengkmie said that the teachers of the Study Centers of East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts will be held at Tpep Pale Community Hall, Jowai at 11 am in the morning.
S Marbaniang, Legal Adviser of the party, said that during the meeting with Conrad, he told the party leaders that in fact the meeting was scheduled between the two prime ministers. It was held in October 2020 but due to the outbreak of Coronavirus, it has been cancelled.
No hospitalizations have been reported so far.
The meeting will start at 11.30 AM at the Jaaw Shyiap Village Dorbar Hall with the chief guest.
We the Government and the people need to set clear targets in terms of electricity, without violating the rights of the indigenous peoples and landowners, and the Hima.
At the same time, the Syiem of Sohra Hima has appointed the Molors to give their statements and they have found that there has been an incident in which the Syiem of Sohra Hima has given a statement that he is the owner of the village. day of May.
The Umtrew River attracts tourists from Meghalaya and Assam, especially during the rainy months.
Shillong, March 16: The KSU Mawthengkut Unit on 14th March 2021 under the leadership of Samla Bimol Diengdoh President and Samla Shem Dkhar General Secretary has donated garbage bins to two villages one in Mawthengkut and one in Nongkyn – A.Ka Seng has taken this step so that those who pass by will throw their garbage in these boxes so that the Shnong will be clean and free from garbage.
The Minister said that with this increase in assistance to Adoc schools which are private schools, the government now has to cut the allocation for other schemes, such as PWD, The Police Department, even the Education Department instead of repairing the damaged schools have to pay their salaries.
Shillong, July 22: The AICC Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, Vijay Laxmi Sadho today arrived in Shillong to meet with the Congress MLAs to discuss how to talk about the candidate for the election. I'm going to vote in this election.
In Secondary Schools and Higher Secondary Schools, no units will be set up.
Welcome speech was delivered by Benita Nongrum and Samla Reebok Diengdoh, President KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, also delivered a speech.
Bah O Syiemlieh OC of the police station said that it is useless to hold such meetings if we cannot work together to curb this evil.
This shows that the Union Minister has visited the birthplace of Syiem Tirot Singh without any knowledge of what happened.
At a public meeting held in front of the DC Court in Guwahati, the KMSS leader alleged that the Assam government has given 280 bighas of land to the rich at a price of T.15,000 per bighas. .
Speaking on the holy Sengol, Prime Minister Duh said that in the great Chola Empire, the Sengol was seen as a symbol of walking on the path of work for the country.
Two MDCs including James Sylliang from Mawhati and Don Sumer from Mawhati were accompanied by two MDCs from Mawhati. Umsning Magistrate and police.
“Any citizen can fight against smuggling across the border and inform that the names of the informants will be kept confidential and a reward will be given,” the Custom office said.
She said that 350 ml of blood donation can save three lives. She praised the donation for many years.
The public should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On this earth, there are many who have received their mother.
However, it was found that none of these foreign workers had proper documents.
Pala said that they will win by working together and not by fighting.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly now has 60 MLAs and the number of MLAs in the Assembly according to the party that won the elections are: Congress 21, NPP 20, UDP 6, PDF 4, BJP 2, HSPDP 2, KHNAM 1 and Independent 3 candidates.
Seiborlang Shadap (independent candidate) from Sutnga-Narwan.
As a precautionary measure against any gathering and demonstration on 28.07.20 which is the anniversary of the death of our former MLA Lt Dr Donkupar Roy, the Shnong has decided to close down the entire village from from 6pm to 7pm on the 28th of this month.
“We have to remind the government that there is Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai if they forget, because we see that the government has decided to forget about our college in Jaintia Hill”.
He also completed his MBBS, MD in Pharmacology from Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi.
He said he respects the feelings of the people in this case, at the same time there is a need to know the facts and it is necessary to clarify.
Blandingstar Warjri  na 31- Mawthadraishan.
The welcome ceremony for the Chief Minister was first held at North Garo Hills at Resubelpara and later at Tura. welcome the new Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The vacant posts have been allocated specifically for the day laborers and the day laborers have been paid monthly after receiving a list from the officers in charge of any departments, day laborers shall be on duty for five hours daily without fault at the workplaces.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Carmelus Rani. Other speakers at the meeting were Kong Suklin Dohling, Bah Lambor Diengdoh, Landlord. You can open this Gravity Ropeway.
This was stated by John F Kharshiing, Chairman and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi State.
“While strongly condemning the bombing and injuring of 3 (three) youths from Jatalong village by the Assam Police, the MPHRC is deeply saddened by this incident and strongly condemns this brutal act of Assam Forest Police without any reason.
The Minister said that he was present to witness the awarding ceremony and one of them was Silbi Passah from Meghalaya. hers is inspiring.
India led Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw, Air Force Admiral SM Nadna and Air Chief Marshal PC Lal.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The HPF Ri Bhoi District has found that a household in Pynthorsohma village has died after a mother suffered from illness. to take it to the hospital because of the bad condition of the road.
This is Bah Manbhalang Kharkamni.
Mukroh village and the area still fall within the border of Assam.
The Secretary has gone to campaign for Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh in Nongrang and Thangmaw in Eastern West Khasi Hills.
The total number of cases has risen to 12 and the number of recoveries has risen to
This act is deliberate and has the intention of doing evil.
The purpose of the bike race is also to spread the message to the residents of the village that they should think carefully and follow the rules in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic as this is the time of narrow.
After the state government handed over to the Riti Academy Union for the construction of a khilon and a statue at the entrance of the State Central Library, the head of the Deiriti and Mattithaw departments (Arts & Culture Department), Bah FR Kharkongor has asked Bah Raphael Warjri for the erection of the statues of the heroes of the freedom struggle, Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Nengminza. Try.
Therefore, the organization on this day has donated tins, desks, whiteboards and others through the personal donations of its members.
However, it is surprising that the government has not been able to appoint a replacement for the post even after the invitation to apply for the vacancy.
These water pipes belong to the state government and their weight is less than 40 Mt. The DC of Ri Bhoi District, said:
Police are conducting investigation to determine the cause of death.
The meeting was led by the Executive Member I/C Trade and was attended by MDCs including Bah Fantin Lakadong and Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers. Mylliem Hima, KHADC Officers, Enforcement Police and Syiem Police.
Certificates of appreciation were also distributed to the employees of various departments.
As the state does not have Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars, the District Council does not have the power to oversee and there is no Municipal Council because in Meghalaya there are no laws. The Dorbar Shnongs, the Syiems, the Doloi and the Cabinet will sit down to discuss.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit recalled that since 1972, the population of Khasi in Meghalaya has increased by 15% to 17% but the surprising thing is that this Reservation Policy has failed. the Khasi are well paid.
Meanwhile, the MTC now has to raise funds to fill the shortfall of T.50 lakh.
The office has been a source of assistance to the people of Mawsynram for the benefit of the central government schemes. it has put even the workers in trouble.
He also asked the Government if Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew admits that Umtring Village is a private land as the Government has implemented development schemes from MGNREGS, SSA, Swachh Bharat, PMAY, JJM and others. scheme.
Latest reports from the NPP said that the party through the prime minister will propose the name of Thomas Sangma as the candidate for the speaker election in the state legislature.
In a petition sent to the President of India through the Governor of Manipur, she expressed her deep sorrow over the incidents in Manipur where the dignity of women has not been forgiven. bym man and take human life.
When the BSF troops received a tip that the Bangladeshi cattle trader was planning to leave for Bangladesh with the cattle, the BSF guarded them and before entering Bangladesh, the BSF came out and arrested him. on the border with Bangladesh.
The market is located in the middle of Jowai town and the wish of the district is that the market should be completed as soon as possible .
The ceremony began with the laying of wreaths at the Mawmot in Rihno to commemorate those soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the country in the Bangladesh war in
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, he said that as Lamphrang, the House has taken action in this regard to talk to the department. Political department to speed up the work.
Today, the land vendors under the leadership of Angela Ryngad left for the KHADC and sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC to express their concern over the revocation of trading license by the KHADC. states that die field.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha Harivansh Narayan Singh.
To date, there are nine new parishes to be opened.
Shillong, March 21: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly today, the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, on his first visit to the State Legislative Assembly today, said that “democracy it's your thoughts"
Louis Dohtdong President of the party said that the party had written to the Chief Minister a year ago on this issue but the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has remained silent. I don't even want to meet you,” he said.
The MBOSE has already announced the program for the Final Exam of Class IX every year which will be held on the 20th. to maintain uniformity in the examination in all schools and also to have a uniform holiday in all schools, but now, it is too late. The Routine Final Examination for Class IX has not been held until November.
The authorities in charge have not pushed or taken action,” said the Seng.
The Government will continue to uphold the rules of law and maintain the environment in the State for the benefit of the residents.
In this regard, they have already sent a letter to the authorities but they have not done anything yet.
Members of the HYC, who did not listen to the request of the District authorities, sat in front of the gate of the Main Secretariat.
Prestone said that the Meghalaya Telecom Infrastructure Policy has not been implemented by the Central Government. The State Government has to introduce amendments to the Policy and the Cabinet has approved the amendments to the Policy.
Me-U-Ru Suna from West Jaintia Hills came second and Vincent Bareh from East Khasi Hills came third.
The celebration was inaugurated by Dr. Manishi Dubey, President of the party.
Office Secretary : Ajustive PapangSport Secretary : Emidahun MannerAssist.
On 21st-06-2013, Markatjuh Dkhar received a letter from the JHADC office saying that he has been suspended from the JHADC. He was accused of being a murderer, a kidnapper, a land grabber and a politician who went to the canvass election last year as alleged.
In the complaint, he said that the man had broken into his mother's house and dragged her to his house and committed the rape.
Police have rushed to the residence of the Chief Minister to investigate and found that a petrol bomb had fallen on the balcony. There was no casualty.
Shillong, March 06: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) has not only visited the coal mines in Nongjri area to check the working conditions. to the office of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board in Shillong.
UDP candidate Robert June Kharjahrin of the UDP party, who is also supported by the HSPDP, has filed his nomination papers in the presence of 12 MLAs. On the UDP side, the HSPDP President KP Pangniang and party office bearers were present.
Shillong, November 06: The members of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) under the leadership of Hamletson Dohling as President and in the presence of Bah Sunesh Syiem as General Secretary have expressed their gratitude to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA). They will soon send a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to allocate special funds for the renovation of the 3rs Ground Polo Ground.
Speaking to reporters after the election of new office bearers for the year 2020-23, Lambokstar Well Marngar president was elected unopposed for the first time. Secondly, he said that the party will intensify its protests for the introduction of ILP in Meghalaya.
In a statement sent to the media, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District Rituraj Ravi said that police have arrested the suspects. Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, from Shillong and Tarson Lymba, 58, from Dawki, were arrested on Friday night.
Shillong, November 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that as soon as the decision to implement the Inner Line Permit, 1873 has been received, Delhi has been informed.
He said that tomorrow morning the District Administration will be able to do something to help the people.
Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle in his speech said that they have tried to provide the best service to the people and urged the students and school principals to work hard so that this school can become a successful school. It will be able to produce heroes who will be like a shining star not only in this region but in the country as a whole.
On the other hand, Pangniang said the HSPDP strongly opposes and condemns the arrest and prosecution of leaders who demanded the implementation of the ILP under the MPDA Act. MPDA has arrested HANM President Arphul Kharbani.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the low income students and the Seng has also found that many of the Khasi students have not been able to write their examinations.
The letter directs that the tuition fee for admission to Class-I should be paid back and the construction fee of the school building should be paid in advance for 10 years.
The deceased has not yet been named.
The Kur Kharbuki from Lawmei said this after the leaders of the Kur Kharbuki from Mawpat and Umsning villages came forward to strongly oppose the issuance of certificates and gave a deadline until the 26th of this month. The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been asked to immediately cancel the issuance of the Sanad to Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki but otherwise they will hold a strike in front of the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima at Mawkhar, Shillong.
He said that the democracy in the country has improved and there will be no place for protests, said the Vice President.
Those who will participate will be only those who have joined the Rifle Associations in their respective states where the registration will end on 14th July 2023, according to a statement. This was sent by Mr. Nicholas Nongkhlaw.
He also inspected the progress of the COVID-19 vaccination program in the country with special focus on the precaution dose during the COVID Vaccination Amrit Mahotsav.
After the investigation, the police have arrested the two men and suspected that they were the ones who committed the crime.
Shillong, July 22: The Shillong Women's Wing (JWW) today honored Kong Silbi Passah, who recently received the Padma Shri. Award and also to Mansan Najiar who is a young writer.
It is through the growth of knowledge that we will be able to develop our country and nation.
In his speech, the Rangbah Dong of Madanriting said that Bah Macmilan and the injured are young men whom the whole village knows for their good behavior in the village. who earn water inside the city.
The Sengbhalang leaders met today and unanimously decided to continue their protest to force the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state to prevent the entry of covered pictures.
The stadium will be constructed under the Khelo India scheme under the 50% share between the central and state governments.
All the speakers urged how to be vigilant against evil deeds and habits in these days which have started to spread in the villages and households in the rural areas, such as children's homes, alcoholic beverages. Drugs such as kiad, tobacco, drugs and others so as not to cause problems to the community.
The Indian economy has shown resilience and maintained sound macroeconomic fundamentals despite the global economic challenges.
More than 60,000 students took part in the programme, which was based on the mantras from the book Exam Warriors written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He also urged all the officers of the state governments to give suggestions to ensure the implementation of the policy, such as changes in policies, rules of procedure and others.
This was stated by Bah MH Dkhar in a statement sent today.
Therefore, NESO and ASSU have fought hard to register all the Khasi residents in Assam to get the NRC from the Assam Government.
Heavy rainfall has fallen across the state in these days and it has shocked the residents of Tura to see that the roof of this famous stadium in Garo Hills has collapsed from the other side. this morning.
The Seng appeals to the owners of households to join hands and cooperate with the community in such a crisis by forgiving the poor children to stop taking Bai wai for only six months in such a disaster.
Sylvester Nongtnger has been transferred from the post of SP Anti Infiltration and appointed as SP of East Khasi Hills District.
The next meeting will be held on or before 15th June
The Seng itself in this regard has spoken or informed the government from time to time, but it is surprising that the central government in Delhi through the Prime Minister has wanted to pass a law by force. As we are the small minorities in this State and the Eastern Region as a whole.
Your mutka is not looking for you to paint art, you are not looking for your house like a dark place.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The General Administration Department (B) of the Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice on 26th June 2023 that the Lady Hydari Park in Shillong has been renamed as Ka Phan Nonglait Park. '.
At this meeting which was held at Phan Nonglait Park, 27 winners of the competition in various categories were awarded prizes of T.6000/- tyngka, T. .2000/- and T.
The earthquake occurred at about 3 pm.
After completing the ceremony, he left the ceremony at the General Point in Shillong at 5 pm.
He said that the percentage in JHADC may be higher when all the candidates have arrived but the percentage received till 7 pm today is 58 percent.
While the raid is ongoing, foreigners who are selling in the market said that they have been authorized by the Meghalaya and Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association.
Furthermore, Kalpana Saini stressed the need to further develop the Smart Cities Mission; Vandana Chauhan praised the ICCCs and their work during the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges for the prevention of diseases; AKP Chinraj stressed the need to bring in skills in key sectors such as transportation.
There are many countries that implemented GST before India in 2017.
The Minister said the central government would provide 75 percent assistance to local entrepreneurs to set up food processing factories in the North East.
The state government has informed that there are many people in the area who have the necessary skills but do not meet the required educational qualifications, and thus find it difficult to obtain a driving licence.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Project Director of DRDA, West Garo Hills District, Tura today informed the public that there will be a public hearing on the 100 bill scheme for the year 2016- 2017 regarding MGNREGS by AWS NGO. The public hearing will be held for Dadenggre Development Block and Gambegre Development Block for all GSC Circles. The public hearing will start on the 13th and end on the 16th of this month.
The expenditure for payment of all salaries and other payments will amount to T.7,333 crore and for development works will amount to T.1,956 crore.
“With this approval, the Police Department has been allowed to look after the needs of the Police in the Districts,” he said.
Police expect that with the arrest of these people, they will not be able to identify the sellers and buyers involved in this drug trafficking. The arrest was made under the leadership of Additional SP B Jyrwa of East Jaintia Hills District.
Sharp.
Speaking to reporters at the BJP office in Shillong, he said that since the beginning of the protests in Manipur, the central government has done its utmost to issue orders to hold the protests. bring back peace and stability in the state.
The construction of these new school buildings will provide many benefits for the teachers as well as the students, including Digital Classes, Smart Classes and others. The acquisition of a new school building will help to improve education.
Also to protect non-smokers from inhaling tobacco smoke.
The exhibition featured drawings on various schemes of the central government and the Minister praised the central government department for its efforts.
On this day, 292 residents of the area including the elderly, women and children who came to receive medicine from the BSF. BSF personnel and some civilians have received the second Tika.
“I have the intention to take the BJP ticket if its leaders allow me to give the ticket, because only this party I expect to get the ticket,” he said. trust not completely.
However, how can the government still believe that the peace process will bring peace in the state? What is more surprising is that not only Sohan D Shira has been arrested but the Chairman of the GNLA is the Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Champion Sangma. .
At the same time, the Government is concerned about these incidents that have resulted from this protest regarding the arrival of foreigners.
The last date for submission of applications is 31/8/2
The training will also be available for school children for 10 days before the end.
The members of the Assurance Committee agreed to recommend to the government to convert it into a museum and to convert the residential buildings into hotels. to turn this place into a tourist attraction.
Shillong, November 17: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed 126 cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya so far.
The program was also attended by the BDO of Mairang Block, Dr LR Hynniewta, Sub-Divisional School Officer, Mairang, Bah J. Thyrniang, other government employees, teachers and students. of various schools in Mairang Block.
The Chief Minister said that special facilities have been set up in all districts to treat the sick.
The villages under the jurisdiction of this police station are Chehruphi, Thangskai, Wahiajer, Lumshnong, Umstain, Tongseng, Lum Tongseng, Sakri, Sonapurdi, Symplong, Myrli, Kuliang, Purtakuna, Umkiang, Wahkoh, Dona Bhoi and Dona. Schools, Dona Umblu, Ratacherra, Borsora, Lejri, Baskuna, Lailong, Huroi, Hingaria, Umrasiang, Umlong, Arthyrnia, Moosiang Lamare, Brichyrnot and Khaddum.
The incident happened at 5.45 pm on Tuesday.
Shillong, March 05: The Government of India has moved forward with the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) IV and the Ayushman Bharat-Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana. Narendra Modi in Ranchi on 23rd November.
Teachers from Garo Hills have already held a peace rally in Tura on the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, Paswan said that during the time of COVID-19, this program will be of great benefit to the workers who travel from one place to another, people who are stranded in other states and people who need assistance to get rice through the one country one ration card programme.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Alos said that the problem for the people who want to visit these birds which stop in Tyrso every year is the lack of roads and places. especially those people from outside the country.
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to increase the budget of the state government so that the work of various government departments during the election will not be affected. The state is still in the process of elections.
They were killed and burnt to death in Rongmil area, about 15 km from Rongjeng, East Garo Hills. .
She started her career at the university as an office worker, then promoted to teaching in 2006 and in 2011 she became the first head teacher. education in the field of nature.
Bansal replied that the money was allocated for Rahul's trip to a public meeting scheduled to be held in Mawkyrwat.
Some of the issues under the Holistic Child Development Program include: to achieve this objective and to expand its operations to other Districts in the State.
Sherry Lalthangzo, Economic Adviser, NEC said that the North East has experienced economic growth in the last nine years in various sectors such as livelihood, skills development and others. .
On the other hand, u Cornad today expressed his gratitude to all the people of the North East of India who have given their support to the party and especially to all the workers of the party, to The MP from Tura, the MLAs and all those who fought even though they did not reach the goal have also contributed to make the NPP a National Party.
In 2012, he was appointed Deputy Registrar.
They have faced many challenges and this has led them to have two votes just to benefit.
These children, as soon as they saw the body, they were terrified and ran to inform the village leaders.
“At this time we are leaving the party voluntarily, we are leaving with love and understanding and we are not going to insult and insult anyone and we don't know those criminals. “Those who take advantage of the woman in whatever form and in whatever manner come with weapons to damage the house,” said Kong Macdalyne.
Regarding the Centers for those who have to write CUET, the Seng has demanded to ensure that Khasi youth should be enrolled in Shillong.
Speaking to SP News Agency, DHADC employees leader Mark Flaming said that the untimely strike has started today and the demand is to pay the outstanding salary. for more than 30 months, and to dismiss the Executive Secretary of Rise R Marak.
In his speech, the Chief Minister spoke on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. There are 12 areas in the middle of the border dispute and out of those 6 areas have already been resolved and 6 areas have been disputed. the Chief Minister of the State has sought the support of the Central Government.
The President of the BJP welcomed Bernard and said that he hopes that he will escape the incident that affected him while he is in jail these days and urged Bernard to continue fighting against it. these are corrupt.
Hasina Kharbih of the Impulse NGO Network, said that as a group and individually, they have witnessed the incident and the allegation that their opponent is armed is not true, but it is the The owners of the houses who have been able to help those with disabilities.
Inderjit Singh Rana, Inspector General, BSF, Meghalaya laid a wreath at a specially built place in Umpling.
Shillong, July 25: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare, on Tuesday said that the opening of buildings which have already been constructed by government officials will not fall under the Model Code of Conduct.
In the Union Territory of Ladakh, CESL will implement clean power generation programs including the generation of 5 MW solar power in the Zanskar region.
Therefore, I strongly condemn the statement and opposition of Sylloklang Majaw in the media,” said Bah Kanol.
According to a letter sent to the civil society and political parties, the meeting will be held on Saturday 30/11/2019 in Delhi.
He told them to be Curious, Courageous and Compassionate in line with the theme of the institution and asked them to work for positive social change.
The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that the decision was taken to produce more Dr Specialists. He said that the shortage of such doctors is 120 at present. in the entire state.
This shall come into force on the date of publication of this notice in the Official Gazette.
If the Government feels that it should forgive the tax, it should release the money back to the people who are the owners of the tax which they have already paid at the time of purchase of the fuel. The owners of these petrol pumps should not be charged.
More than 1.47 lakh mobile connections failed to complete the re-verification process and were removed by the TSPs in the area.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Jodi Syiemlieh of Umthied Lawkasoin village said that this month it was found that all nine fish kept in the ksing have died and this death is not only his but all the fishermen in the city died like his fish.
The anti-Christian stance of the opposition will be weakened if both are elected from Meghalaya.
Until now, the school building has been abandoned.
New Delhi, June 07: The Ministry of Finance of the Union Government is committed to provide financial assistance and support to the low income sections of the society.
The Union urges all members not to be misled, as there are no provisions in the contract agreement that affect us employees and the contract agreement does not mean that our jobs will become temporary contracts. .
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this scheme is very useful and the state government will ensure that this scheme reaches the people, the villages. thaw which have not yet received electricity.
After receiving permission from the State Government, the Damsite Bridge has started repairs on Tuesday and has set a target to complete the work within four months.
Mairang, Naitung 17: The Minister of Culture and Heritage of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that there should be a proper record of Syiem Tirot Singh. The 183rd death anniversary of the great Syiem of Khadsawphra was celebrated in Mairang today.
Shillong, July 15: A meeting on cooperation with France on physical education was held with French Consul General Didier Talpain in the presence of Samuel Bouchard, Mission Chairman and Cooperation Officer.
The meeting marked the beginning of a new chapter in the history of Mizoram's tourism industry in terms of economic development as hotels have experienced an increase in visitors and hotel rates. .
Shillong, Naitung 16: Leaders of the KSU Nongmynsng today handed over a tin of food items to the officer in charge of food and beverages in the state. was in the store is broken.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of its President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar today donated Three oxygen cylinders and about 20 PPE kits were donated to Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital.
Speaking to the people, Bah Compher Basaiawmoit, President of Nongpoh, said that the Congress party has been deceiving the people for 45 years. Meghalaya has been lagging behind in the North East in terms of development and development.
Of those who tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 56 cases are in close contact and in West Khasi Hills, 29 cases are policemen and two cases are from the health department. One in West Garo Hills and one in South West Khasi Hills District.
After 36 years of his death, the church took only one year to be canonized by Pope Gregory IX. Special protection has been implemented in up to 100 countries and has finally reached India , has reached Kerala and so on in the east , and in the east , India last year came to Bangladesh and reached back to India in Kolkata and arrived in Shillong on the 14th.
Police have taken the body to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
According to the Act, the Dorbar Shnongs are empowered to fine anyone who spreads garbage and the District Council has a major role in this regard as it is the rule of the District. Council will be established in
They should not be allowed to take to the streets to demand justice or to stop working immediately.
On the other hand, the employees who are responsible for this work said that at present they cannot take or do anything because they have not received the new price.
This should be your goal in life.
Police have registered a complaint at Tura Women PS Case No. 105 (07) 2022 under Section 3/4/5/6/7 of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act, Bernard was urged to surrender at Sardar Police Station in Shillong and ordered to cooperate with the police. in kit investigation.
“This action of theirs can endanger us as a nation,” he said.
FKJGP President Ananstar Peinlang and General Secretary FKJGP said that this road serves the villages of Mawlangdep, Mawliehbah, Mawnar, Nongdisong, Mawiawa, Kaikohram, Mawkohruit and Mawrok. Flymingstar Tyrsa Nongdisong unit.
The Minister also urged the residents of the state who come from areas where there is COVID-19 to take precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 to others by wearing masks for 7 days. that the disease may not spread and spread.
The KHADC will send the decision to the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma.
In connection with this, Ferdinand Suchiang has brought fame and honor to the nation, the state and India as a whole, the party will also send a petition to the state government. and the Government of India to do something for him as a sign of recognition, encouragement and encouragement to Ferdinand Suchiang to continue working hard.
On this day, all the banks and companies will come to demonstrate to the public how to pay by the authorities in the villages where there are no banks. they shall be like the bnak in the manner of depositing money.
Police are awaiting the postmortem report to determine whether the baby was broken after being born or died before birth.
The UDP has discussed the letter within the Sub Committee with Dr Jemino Mawthoh as Secretary. Donkupar Roy meeting which lasted for three hours but they could not decide whether to support or withdraw from the PDF EC under the leadership of Bah Syiem.
“The JNC wants to ask if the Government has billions of rupees to build a railway line,” said Bah Lyngdoh. Why can't the Government bring in the College? Two Residential Schools in the district have been abandoned.
The budget session of the KHADC, which started today, will last for three days. The budget will be approved by the House on Tuesday. submit a report in the House to the Electors who have already elected the Chief Executive Members.
We stand on the principle that our customs and traditions should not be violated, and Article 242 of the Constitution of India clearly states that the Administration in respect of Tribal Areas shall be in accordance with the laws. provisions of the Sixth Schedule,” he said.
The former MLA said he has requested Bah Mawrie to send the names of the four former MLAs and the name of the former IPS officer to the Prime Minister for approval for some posts. but he did nothing at all.
Students who wish to participate should send their full name, school or college name, Grade and Phone number, by SMS to 7005644859 or email: or send a message to the facebook account Kjwa Khasi.
Regarding the establishment of factories in Shallang, the relevant department asks only for the documents of the village and the landowners. There is no difference between 10 and 12 places.
According to the CEM, the revenue for the 2018-2019 fiscal year will be T.213,53,36,970/- and the expenditure will be T.213,52,87,410/-.
KHNAM has already sent a petition to the government to increase the age limit for employment from 32 years to 40 years.
On the other hand, the Minister of State for Education said that the payment of the scholarship is a scheme of the Central Government in which the Central Government will contribute 90% and the State Government will contribute. 10%.
Shillong, July 18: The BSF troops have received a tip that some smugglers have left India for Bangladesh. The BSF troops at Shella conducted a search operation and arrested them. Three traders including a woman were arrested and a gold biscuit worth T.3.15 lakh was seized from them.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, party president Metbah Lyngdoh said they discussed the MP election from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and the MDC election to the Assembly. The UDP together with the HSPDP have nominated an MP candidate for the Lok Sabha elections. The party has set up a State Election Committee headed by the President of the party.
On this occasion, the BSF conducted a 3.5 km march from Primary School, Umpling, via Nongmynsong to Polo, Golf Link. state of Meghalaya.
The welcome speech was delivered by MN Nampui Secretary, Information Department, Government of Meghalaya.
“As a schoolgirl, I used to participate as NCC cadets and it was from there that I started to enjoy shooting.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Two coal trucks (ML0 4 A 8507 and MLO5V 0089) have been seized by Mawlai Police Station this evening.
In this message of condolences, the Governor expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden death of the former Governor and prayed for his eternal rest.
Print and electronic media groups in Marathi, Hindi and English participated in the Media Tour.
The sad thing is that no report or sign has been found even of the body of Tirot Sing Syiem which has been cleansed by burial or burning, and the face cannot be expected at all.
The delegation also visited the stalls of government schemes set up to provide information about the schemes of the government in order to fully deliver the schemes and benefit the people who have not yet received them. benefits of these schemes.
The main points of the third phase of the National Covid-19 Vaccination program which will start from 1st June, 2021 are:- Pharmaceutical manufacturers will provide 50% of their monthly production of vaccines from Central Drugs Laboratory (CDL) to the Central Government and the remainder to the State Governments and the market (this will be called 'other sources' except the Government of India).
She said the government is concerned about the influx of foreigners but there are other laws to protect the ILP. Manipur has already passed the ILP Act and sent it to the Central Government but so far the government has not. the middle is still quiet and hasn't done anything yet.
According to information received by the KSU Mawshbuit Unit and Nongthymmai Circle, the President of KSU Mawshbuit Unit has been admitted to the Civil Hospital and many other residents have been injured in the attack. when they went to demand the opening of the gate.
The Shillong Traffic Police has conducted a check on vehicles in different parts of Shillong to ensure that no one is driving under the influence of alcohol, driving iiet iong, riding a bike without wearing a helmet according to the rules of the Shillong Traffic Police. MV Act.
Thenzawlka has opportunities in environmental tourism, rural life, landscape, dairy and entertainment.
In fact, it was proposed to elect a Syiem, Sirdar, or Dolloi as the Chairman, but all the Chief Executive Members expressed their concerns about politics and selfishness. The KHADC authorities from time to time and especially the CEMs and EMs, due to the existence of the KHADC Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959, which affects the country and the people. They have decided to hand over and entrust the post of Chairman to Bah John F Kharshiing, because this Act cannot threaten or enslave him.
On the other hand, the government has done its utmost to resolve their issue. The Chief Minister of Assam said that he wants to live together as it is now.
Umroi, Jymmang 07: The Umroi Constituency People's Front (UCPF) today welcomed Bah Lumkamai Nongrum, former leader of the Umroi Block Congress Committee (UBCC) at a meeting held at his residence. Lumkamai, who is contesting from Umroi Constituency as an independent candidate in the upcoming MDC election, expressed his desire to bring a glorious victory to Bah MD Syiem.
The incident took place on March 20, 2011, inside Flavor Restaurant at Laitumkhrah Police Point.
Rangbah RL Kharpran immediately spoke on the need to establish the Kur organizations in the south of Ri Khasi and to strengthen the Longkur Longkha.
“Instead of worshiping the filmmakers, it would be better to follow the example of the great men who sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country,” said Major RK Sharma.
of the Sixth Scheduled.
The program was attended by Sonstar Nongkhlaw Asst.Gen Secretary KSU Jaiaw Circle, former President KSU Jaiaw Circle, Rangbah Shnongs from different parts of Jaiaw Pyllun, parents of the children. Honourable, Youth of the village who were honoured, other former leaders of KSU Jaiaw Circle along with the elders who were specially invited on this occasion.
The BJP also welcomed Bah Field Marshall Mawphniang, former MDC of Unroi Constituency who belongs to the UDP and today joined the BJP from Ri Bhoi District.
It was recalled that the residents of these two villages have been asking for pata from the government which has not been able to do in the past years, but the government has decided to issue them. and with this donation they will get jobs.
Shillong, July 06: U Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, while speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of the Environment Day organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills together with the Basin Development Unit. He said that the environment is the source of life for mankind.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he is deeply saddened to remember the members who lost their lives due to the disease and said that the Legislative Assembly has accepted this and has continued to jam. ahead.
The time has come for the Meghalaya government to introduce a law to curb this superstition.
It is learned that the shelter home is a place for illegal activities and it is so dirty that no one from the Shillong Municipal Board is looking after it.
He said that regarding the allocation of seats to MBBS students from the state quota, in the past years there have been students who have been eligible to enter the state quota. The Minister has promised that these will not happen again in the future and the Khasi youth who have been forced to enter the open categories will be able to enter.
Shillong, November 08: The Mawlai People's Grievances Forum (MPF) led by Bah Marbud Dkhar and colleagues has met with the DC East Khasi Hills District this evening to inquire about the delay in issuing the Ration Cards of the residents especially the BPL of Mawlai constituency who have applied since the month of June
India has more than 3,000 water treatment plants, which can treat more than 65,000 MLD and can operate to produce more than 55,000 MLD. more than 550 treatment plants with a capacity of more than 20,000 MLD of water (more than 35% of the total water produced in the country).
Regarding the price of cow meat, the government has no intention of raising the price.
These trainings are not about technology.
The celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya on 21/01/2022 will be broadcast live on Television, Ne.
It is also expected to increase the availability of specialists as well as the provision of adequate health care as necessary.
Jowai, June 18: The Dorbar Shnong Iooksi on Tuesday elected a new Waheh Shnong for the term 2023-2
David Kharsati, General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, said that the BJP's participation in the election is to strengthen the District Council, as it is now in grave danger.
Laitphar Syngkremu said the KSU has already decided within the EC to temporarily oppose the government's plan to open the market.
R Kurbah, one of the mothers who raised and looked after these children, said that the NEIMA members especially to take care of these children, prayed for them. May God continue to help and bless the parents and caretakers of these children, may God continue to provide for all the needs for these children, said Kong Kurbah.
Shillong, November 03: The Meghalaya Government today signed a contract with Reliance General Insurance Company (RGIC) to implement the MHIS-IV in Meghalaya.
This was also seen in the North East which joined hands in this struggle for independence.
The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills District, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that the incident happened on Tuesday evening. .
Others who attended the program included MDC Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Bah Batskhem Ryntahiang, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah MB King.
The WOW Awards Asia is the biggest award to receive this honour, which was organized by EVENTFAQs in collaboration with the Entertainment and Event Management Association (EEMA), Bahrain, Dubai. Tourism Board.
The Prime Minister asked about the solutions to the problems faced during the natural disasters in the region.
The KSU SWKH strongly condemns the corruption and deception of the people of Wahkaji area by Bah Vincent Pala, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Village Leaders and Sumitra Kumar Dev, Deputy General. Manager NHIDCL by gathering only a few village leaders and those who have no responsibility for the future of the area just to force the mouths of the people by misleading the truth about the purpose of this uranium road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
At this meeting, the JAC leaders said that they are ready to hold protests if the government does not intend to take action regarding the proposal to dam the Umngot River. The Prime Minister at the meeting today.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that they have taken note of this news and have looked into all the ways how to prevent the SP from making this statement after the party. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has issued a statement ordering non-Indian Nepalis to leave the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 24: The office of the Director of Health Services (MI) in Meghalaya has issued a public notice on 22/3/2024 for the information of the public that the MP elections to the Lok Sabha have been announced. The Election Commission of India and the Model Code have come into force.
“To defeat the mothers is a very stupid thing, I don't know why they threaten me and there is no reason why they threaten me. “I haven't received a call from them to talk to me but I have heard from others and through the newspapers, if it is that I am not afraid, and if they want to do it, let them do it. If it is written for me to do so, because I have been elected by the people to do the work and to rule. “Why do we have up to 60 MLAs in the Assembly but why do they threaten only me alone? It is unacceptable and especially to threaten and defeat the mothers is a job,” he said. bird.
Other demands include that the central government should resolve the conflicts between the states in the region and should provide special services to the youth of the North East.
In another accident, a driver of a truck died shortly after colliding with a truck on the National Highway in Mawdiangum.
He said that if 11 foreigners are appointed in these vacancies, the party will not hesitate to take strong measures as it is a violation of the rights of the villagers and from now on. The offices of the Central Government should first employ the villagers who are well educated.
All the kurs or leaders of the kurs who have already registered to take part in this football tournament are requested to attend the meeting to be held on the 12th of this month at the residence of Bah John F Kharshiing in Demthring.
The main topic of discussion on this day was the illegal entry of foreigners.
He said the police website is available for the public to report any incident and to write their complaints.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The highest number of cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Shillong today has been confirmed by the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War. to 15 people.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep has urged the Meghalaya Government and the KHADC to create mechanisms to reach an understanding on the working methods of the Sixth Scheduled and the Constitution of India within the Khasi Hills. States.
According to Bah Laloo, the union sees that if the railway comes, it will affect the income of the vehicle owners who earn their living by parking freight trucks and those who operate themselves.
From West Jaintia Hills, Lamdibok Sumer from War East, Suklang Shylla from Nongjngi, Elizer Dkhar from Mookaiaw, Bison Roy Iano from Raliang and Kitboklang Nongtdu from Jowai Central.
We are searching for more people involved in this case as well," Ravi said.
Answering a question whether this will help to improve the quality of fruits and vegetables that are not available in the state or whether they will be imported from abroad, the Israeli spokesman said that they will look into it but Israel will not. provide technical resources and training.
The suspects were traveling in a Hyundai Venue (AS-01-EJ 8977) from Silchar.
Shillong, November 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the illegal operation of foreign trucks in War Jaintia District.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Ka KSU EJHDU on 11th Nailar 2023 as part of the fight against drugs in the district and the state as a whole has decided to come forward and also to give a right hand. The right hand to fight against this disease which has affected the youth of the region and the state as a whole.
Regarding the employees registered under the BOCW Act, there are 9,302 employees who have received T.3000/- for the past three months.
Bah HS Kharpran spoke and explained to the audience, about the ways of earning a living that will not affect the environment.
If the Government does not see and take action on this issue which we have expressed before the MP elections, we as the village will not take part,” said Bah Shullai.
Dr Melisa G Wallang, Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities, Dr Melisa G Wallang explained about the benefits of the Meghalaya Sign Bank App. , Associate Professor, NERIE, NCERT, Dr.O Lamare, Project Director and others were present on the occasion.
The letter of appointment was handed over by BJP President Amit Shah in the presence of BJP leaders and other NDA political party leaders. The meeting was held in Delhi today to discuss the formation of the government in Delhi after winning the MP elections which was held on the 23rd of this month. Former Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the new government.
In these years he has held many positions in various positions , before reaching this position he received special training at the Military School in Willington .
The march started from the Law School and to the Multi-Use Convention Hall of the university. The march was attended by CrPF troops under the leadership of the DIG. More than 10,000 people from the North East of India took part in the ceremony.
Bah Midnight led the Kharlukhi clan as Minister of State.
The raid was conducted after receiving a tip on the management of prostitutes at the hotel.
On the other hand, the MLA said how can the government authorities accept such illegal documents.
Shillong, July 08: Police of Mawngap Outpost have rescued a three month old child from Umran, Ri Bhoi District at 2.15 AM. on the 7th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Bah Ialamphrang Lyngdoh and Bah Gerald Samuel Duia today said that they have lodged a complaint against NH Consultancy Private Ltd (NH) Demseiniong for using their names even though they did not. went to take over the job.
The Minister said that along with the launch of this part of the PM Kisan, the Prime Minister will also distribute certificates to more than 30,000 Self Help Groups (SHGs) as Krishi Sakhi. The Prime Minister will also award 5 Krishi Witnesses.
Twelve MLAs who have left the Congress party under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma will go to the Speaker tomorrow morning to prove that they have left the Congress party. request the Speaker to recognize them in the House by another group and not by the Congress.
The Secretary today informed the Commissioner and Secretary of the State Government in charge of District Council Affairs through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills. Hills District.
The meeting was attended by 90 delegates from 20 member countries, 10 inviting countries and 9 international groups including UNODC, OECD, Egmont Group, INTERPOL and The meeting was chaired by Rahul Singh, Additional Secretary, DoPT & Chair, G20 ACWG and was co-chaired by Giovanni Tartaglia Polcini, Head of Task Force, Co-Chair, G20 ACWG, Italy and Fabrizio Marcelli, Minister of Plenipotentiary, G20 ACWG. tnat Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, Italy.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: A meeting was held today to honor the government which has been able to start the mining of coal with modern technology at Khliehriat.
What has happened is that these teachers are facing problems because the government has not paid their salaries for many months and the payment of salaries is once or twice a year. They have cases where they cannot go to training centers to get paid.
New Delhi, November 07: The Prime Minister's Development Initiative (PM-DevINE) scheme for the year 2022-2023 has been announced in the budget for the year 2022-2 scheme in the North East of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has not approved the York Print Pvt.
Referring to the youth, the Chief Minister said that the government has launched the YES scheme to help them to improve their skills and also in the field of agriculture by issuing cards to Hamletson Dohling MLA and Minister of State was also present on the occasion.
The KSU has written to the DSEO of SWKH District to take measures to protect the students from the heat of the day and the office of the DSEO. she listened and issued this decree.
Besides the CCTV cameras, there were also police on duty to ensure that the ceremony would be held smoothly, not only in Shillong, but also in Shillong. all states.
To improve the income of the rural people, the government has taken various measures to improve agriculture, plantation, Dohkha, Syriar, Masi, Sniang and others. These are the most important issues that the government will implement.
Shillong, Lber 21: Following the announcement by the Prime Minister that the people should prepare themselves as if they were preparing for war at such a time, we would like to give urgent advice as follows: staying at home for many hours will protect many people from the spread of the disease and will help the health authorities who have started programs to prepare preventive measures, when there is no cure for the disease. part of this type of disease.
Village Tariang B: Mr. S.Jana (Village Chairman) and Mr. J.Rymbai (Secretary).
The filing of nomination papers for the MLA election will end on 7th June.
Regarding the incident in Shillong, the party has no responsibility as the party has no hand in the petrol bomb blast in Shillong, he said. president already.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The family members of Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh have expressed their gratitude to the SP of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Herbad Lyngdoh and also to the Bangladesh Police for their hard work in rescuing their son. They were taken to Bangladesh.
At the same time, the Mother Union has requested the Prime Minister to expand the police station at Barengapara for the safety of the police. of women policemen inside the Dalu Police Station.
In his speech, he sought clarification from the government why the Khasi workers in Garo Hills have been made soh pdung. He said that the DTO who has become an MLA has been abducted, the engineers of the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation (MeCL) and this incident in jail. Williamnagar.
Mukhin contested the MLA election in 2013 from the Congress party and received 5574 votes while the winning MLA David Nongrum received 6200 votes.
The meeting of the RDA comprising the two political parties, the UDP and the HSPDP, which was held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong, today decided to accept the name of Bah Robert. long the MP candidate of the RDA, where the shap will be in the form of a bomb.
In January, 2014 when this government came to power, there were 3.8 crore taxpayers.
“I would also like to say that the Department of Personnel and Training (DoP&T) has launched the mobile application of iGOTKarmayogika to make it easier to use the Karmayogi platform,” he said.
This is the second time that the festival has been postponed to November 2023, but due to the presence of the government, it has been postponed to 22,2 ,24th June 2024 but now postponed to 7th, 8th and 9th October
From Kolkata, she will return to the Basilica of St. Anthony in Padua, Italy.
“As you know, in 2004, hundreds of Pnars fled to Sahsniang under Laskeiñ C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District for fear of their lives. Karbi rebels, who torture by demanding money and shooting dead Pnars for minor reasons,” said the Seng.
Another group is a railway contractor in Assam, Mizoram and other parts of the North East.
The prize money is in the form of money and certificates.
Shillong, Iaiong 09: The annual Suk Mynsiem Shad organized by the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar at Madan Weiking today reached its second day. The young girls came to take part in this dance of thanksgiving to the Creator.
N Relative.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Pro-term Speaker Rowell Lyngdoh said that after examining the two nominations, it was found that Ardent's nomination was insufficient. .
On the roads in Meghalaya, most of the bridges are still made of wood and this has created a problem for trucks in this age because the load of vehicles will now increase. long less than 18 tonnes while these wooden bridges have remained only 9 tonnes.
Financial assistance to States/UTs is in accordance with the requirements under ASCAD to purchase doses of Goat Pox Vaccine for Lumpy Skin Disease. (LSD).
For that reason, those people are afraid of Hinduism.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Bah OL Marbaniang, one of the members of the executive committee of the Don Busco Media Network, said that the purpose of this reality show is to to improve the skills of those who know how to sing.
Nalanda is like a thigh, it is a mantra.
Adelbert Nongrum MLA.Rev W.P Marbniang Moderators Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, Rev C.L Laloo.
Juul's revenue from Altria of Richmond reached $13 billion in 2018, when the brand dominated the U.S. vape market. lawsuit and investigation related to the company’s involvement in connection with the steady increase in underage children vaping throughout the.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) headed by Bah PN Syiem today confirmed the decisions taken at a meeting with the civil society organizations not to issue NOC. The road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji, Domiasiat and from Wahkaji to Ranikor.
President Shanlang Diengdoh said that the protest was held today because the government has not responded to the letter they have sent for several months. The monthly salary of the employees because they have reached the limit.
With two hours of hard work, the wires and poles were removed without damaging the electrical posts and disrupting the power supply.
These, known as '', can have a negative impact on health and cause headaches.
The opposition to the Bill is not only from Meghalaya but from other states in the North East.
The heavy downpours could lead to flooding in low-lying areas and disrupt daily activities.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District should make it public and the KHADC should make it public whether it has issued the NOC. The leaders of the party demanded that the government should release them immediately if the government wants peace and stability in the state.
To express their dissatisfaction with this action of the government, all doctors on the 11th of this month will not see patients in all government health centers in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Ronnie said that as a party, the party will sit in the opposition and the opposition will be vigilant regarding the work of the new EC to ensure that the The EC should provide protection to the small paid and at the same time ensure that they do not develop as well.
Nongstoin, July 26: The Hynniewtrep People's Organization (HNSO) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting with the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India Nongstoin Branch. In the presence of President Mr Wanteibok Lyngdoh, the meeting discussed the lack of ATMs in Rambrai which is one of the areas in West Khasi Hills.
In connection with this incident, it is understood that the Kolkatta police have gone forward to investigate the truth of the incident. of life.
The Seng Leaders also said that the reason for the lack of light in the village is due to the lack of transformers in the village.
It is also learned that the Police Chiefs are making a lot of money from this incident by collaborating with this gang of robbers. day.
In a letter sent by Gujrit Singh, he admitted that the 2.5 acres of land was given by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to their ancestors. The Secretary of the HPC said that the Syiem cannot take back the land which was given in the past.
The village authorities immediately informed the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to turn off the electricity supply to prevent any tragic incident. At the same time, the Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) Police have been informed to extinguish the fire.
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said that the three persons were arrested in a raid on Tuesday.
These consultations are part of the Digital India Dialogues, in line with Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s consultative approach to law and policy making.
Speaking on the occasion, Professor Devesh Walia, Head of Environmental Education at NEHU, said that it is necessary to talk about the environment. and environmental conditions because this entire region is an earthquake transit zone.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today held a meeting to discuss the MP elections to the Rajya Sabha to be held on 26th October.
In the midst of this, the members of the party have continued their strike by staying overnight at the party office and today they have turned to strike in front of the Chief Minister's residence in Polo. They didn't get to the place because they were taken away by the police.
Princess Giri Rashir has received the Ramnath Goenka Award for Excellence in Journalism on 19th October,
The Government of India has granted the State of Meghalaya under the North Eastern Areas Reorganization Act 1971 under the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India. Special Status of our people because Meghalaya has been inserted in Article 224(2) of the Sixth Schedule whose purpose (in letter and spirit) is for the survival of the Khasi-Pnar and Garo; but the sad thing is that the Government of India has destabilized us as (1) ) The deletion of sub-para (2) of Para 20 of the Sixth Schedule whereby the erstwhile Khasi States can no longer be included within the boundaries of the Khasi States. The United Khasi Hills District in accordance with the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule
This is the first time that Jaiaw Laitdom Village has received such a young man who has brought victory and to be honored in the field of Karate, said the Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, the KJPA urges the people to look at such people, who are mature in thought, who truly love the country and the nation, who have sufficient knowledge, wisdom and intelligence. .
Shillong, November 01: The Government of Meghalaya through the MHIS will sign a contract with Reliance General Insurance Company (RGIC) for the implementation of the This time, the MHIS will include the Aushman Bharat – Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY).
Shivansh Awasthi, SDO Sordar of Ri Bhoi District, has been transferred from his post and appointed as Under Secretary, Finance Department, Meghalaya Government. Wanrilin AM Booth, Director of Sports, Ministry of Sports, Wanrilin AM Booth, who is also the Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Sports, has been dismissed from her post. hand over the work.
“These groups are those sheep in sheep's clothing who love the nation just to gain fame and defame the KSU which has stood firm for 46 years to be the stronghold of the Khasi nation.
This was confirmed in letters submitted to the Chief Ministers as follows.
Inside, they smiled and smiled innerly.
Yadav and Teli also explained about the insurance schemes related to accidents and the benefits of registering on the portal.
They also paid tribute to the former President of the party, Bah Polestar Syngkrem, who has donated a lot of time in his life to work hard to eradicate the backwardness of the area.
The victim was identified as Marshall Marweiñ.
All the residents have joined hands and obeyed the rules of the government but the government has turned around by ignoring the residents on issues related to MeECL. These protests, but as soon as the end of the pandemic, the government will have to face strong protests unless it revokes the LoA. 56 sub-stations without the permission of the people of the state and if anything happens to them, they will be responsible.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Inspector General of BSF Shillong Frontier Inderjit Singh Rana today inaugurated the new BSF headquarters at Bewagre near Balejek Airport Tura.
Marcus said that the land taken by a private individual known as Bah Deilangchirup Law, has reached more than 12,000 acres, so in this 12,000 acres, it will affect everyone. farmland of the people and also the surrounding villages in the Umtyrnga area.
There are 221 cases in the state, 32 cases in hospitals, 28 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills. 1, West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “We have decided to inspect the disputed areas and meet with the residents to listen to what they have to say.
The Government has found that Harding Theological College is suitable to work together.
The two-day meeting was attended by about 15 intellectuals from all over the North East, besides teachers and students. school children who came to participate.
“The TB campaign has been launched.
On this day, the staff of MBSG cleaned the flower pots to decorate them in front of the office to make the office clean and beautiful.
Police have registered a case and the search for the father of the two children is ongoing to find the perpetrator. .
The MDA will meet on the 17th of this month to discuss the MP elections to the Rajya Sabha which will be held on the 19th of this month.
The worst affected areas are Silkata, Namabila and Haripur. During the inspection, the Chief Minister also distributed food items to the flood victims. to also visit flood-prone shelters.
Seeing the happiness of the residents of West Garo Hills, the Chief Minister has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to hold the tournament. Chess competition to encourage youngsters.
Those who tested positive today include 3 doctors, 2 from MATI, 1 from Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong and 61 others from close contacts. COVID-19 and 6 cases of mental illness.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Kachin Women's Association (KKHA) today demanded that the government should implement the law that those involved in rape should be sentenced to life imprisonment.
This was announced by Bah Stodar Dkhar, president of the Meghalaya Minerals Exporters Chamber of Commerce.
In another semi final, Manipur beat Tripura 9-0
The four cases are 2 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. 93,788 people.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) said that this statement of the honorable MDC will create differences between the two ethnic groups who are the citizens of the state.
On the other hand, the HNYF urges the MLA of the area to take action in this regard as the HNYF urges the drivers not to overload and drive fast but to These roads are narrow and dark and can endanger the lives of passengers so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
To facilitate traffic in Shillong, the government will implement 100 electric buses by 2025, which will help reduce the emission of waste from vehicle exhaust.
Shillong, June 15: The President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Ernest Mawrie today appointed a four-member committee to look into the job allocation in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 26: U Bah Teiborlang Pathaw EM in charge of Construction of KHADC today said that the PWD has given permission to the KHADC to construct the road from Mawlai Umjaiur to Kieng Kalong.
He said that when the people come to complain about their problems, the party delegates the responsibility to the leaders of the branches and units of the village and area to look after them. it is the responsibility of the people to do what is right for the good of the people.
Those who have the talent in this competition will be selected and enrolled in the Youth Academy and for those who are selected they will be able to study at the Youth Academy where all the expenses will be covered. with this group.
Regarding the salary of teachers, he said that it is not regular because the salary varies from one school to another. He said that there are about 8000 teachers. There are many teachers in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters at his office today, the Prime Minister said that there are ways and means to resolve the issues faced by the party, whether they are external issues. or the problems in relation to the elections and these have made the Congress party to stand despite the problems it has faced.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that the State has already taken note of the concerns of the ASHAs. health worker.
Regarding the Mawlai by pass road, he said that the Mawlai by pass road will be opened in the month of July and this will be a great blessing to the people when the work can be completed. light.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Massar expresses its gratitude to the Sordar for receiving the full certificate for the smooth running of the Khadar administration and sends a statement of congratulations to the Pa'iem of the Hima. Khyrim, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, may he become stronger in body and mind and grow in his rule as a king and mother.
Shillong, July 15: The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) today met to discuss the decision of the Commissioner of Food Safety to suspend the sale and purchase of foreign fish. for 15 days until 8th July.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of District Councils declined to answer the questions put before him and said he did not want to comment on the speech of the Governor. the state is not the head of the state.
There are 354 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 241 in East Khasi Hills, 45 in Ri Bhoi and 45 in Ri Bhoi. 2815 people.
The purpose of this meeting was to explain the Roster System and how it works.
“The department has been very familiar with this area and we have offered a land for special assistance to build a farmers market in Umroi in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Umroi Pyllun and the village leaders. everything", he said.
There are 1374 cases in the state, East Khasi Hills 915, West Khasi Hills 31, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 120, East Jaintia Hills 25, West Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 22, East Garo Hills 97 and North Garo Hills
He said that the village has turned to the Sengbhalang for help after the request and talks with the Raid Mawpdang and the Hima Khyrim have not reached anywhere.
His passing away is a great loss not only to his family, but to the Mawphlang Constituency and the State as a whole”.
If there are brave, determined and well-founded leaders, without doubt the organization or group will succeed in achieving its aims and objectives.
The total number of recoveries in the state so far has risen to
“Unfortunately, when we asked the owners of the shops, we found that their names are Khasi while the owner of the shop is a foreigner.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Auguster Jyrwa said, “There is no need to extend the retirement period as there are many other government officers who can take over. task.
However, although there has been a decrease in the water level in the dam, it can still supply water to Shillong for three to four months if the water level is in this manner.
As it is, when the owners sign the agreement with the MMDC, the MMDC will sign with the companies where the land owners do not know anything.
Shillong, Nailur 11:The first registration of tourists from 11 states of India and three countries, USA, UK and Germany at the Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim 2016 has been held. submitted a report to Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Khyrim, on the results of the census of the Khun ki Hajar, and the tourists who visited the Pomblang and Shad Hima Khyrim. , December 2016.
The government is trying its best to raise awareness among the people to improve the population as it is now.
The gifts to the guests were distributed by the wife of the Governor.
The village will hold a public rally on the 15th of this month as agreed by the president of the party, Bah T.Myrthong. kimono without any restrictions, but this area falls under the jurisdiction of the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: Lber 21: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday reminded the state government regarding the demand of the KHNAM to abolish the personal interview in the elections. group B, C and D in all government offices.
This is on the grounds that the authorities of NEHU, Shillong have not yet been able to implement the demands of the employees for the right to grant regular status.
The names of these children are.
The media of Meghalaya has so far stood on the basis of neutrality and impartiality and also on the basis of a free and impartial press.
Shillong, March 2: Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused damage to the Shillong-Jowai road in many places.
The death toll has risen to 921 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Jaintia Hills. .
He said that in the past 6 years we have faced many challenges and difficulties, but the HYC will never fail, we will be like a tree that the thieves will kill. Its departments will continue to work together to ensure peace and stability in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The injured was identified as Susil Rai, who sustained injuries to both his legs.
Scientists have encouraged the public to eat foods that are healthy and strengthen the body.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), all those who have symptoms should stay at home and inform the government authorities and urged everyone to stay at a distance of 3 feet from each other.
Albrida Pyngrope, Principal of the school, Bah HB Rapthap, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Motsyiar, teachers, students and parents of the students who came to witness this day.
Speaking to the Seng Leaders, the Vice Principal said that it may take up to 2 months to arrange and also to provide the requirements within the Institute.
He said that as a leader he will do his utmost to overcome this backwardness and to bring about a bright Umsning Constituency and to be an example to others.
On the other hand, the Seng would like to congratulate Kong Minphik Laban for her willingness to come forward to set up this school which will bless the young children who can come to receive education. which is appropriate in this School.
Other speakers on the occasion were Abhijit Sharma, Mission Director, Hemen Kalita, Vice President and Jasbir Singh, Secretary, Rotary Club Shillong Heritage.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has already convened a meeting with the offices of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take all necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease. this disease.
In the midst of this celebration, the Seng also held a Khasi Language Promotion Walk on 5th June, 2017 in Shillong.
On this day we will discuss the status of the Governments and their Leaders before the Constitution of India especially according to the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948 and the absence of any peace under Article
The FKJGP requests all its members to take note and respect this arrangement so that all the discussions and arrangements on this day will be successful members of the FKJGP. Mawthadraishan Circle has no less than 40 members.
It was alleged that it was Sohan who ran the financial affairs of the GNLA and not Reding and Reding was expelled from the GNLA. (SP News).
The victory is not the opening of the district but the victory is the ability to provide services to the people and on the part of the Chief Minister he said that we should all work together to make the work of the government a success. , said the prime minister.
HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President KL Nongum, HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President Bobby Basaiawmoit, FKJGP Langrin President P Thongni, HANM Sengkmie President Lamphrang Kharbani, HANM Sengkmie President Lamphrang Kharbani, HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President Bobby Basaiawmoit, HANM Nongkhlaw Circle President Bobby Basaiawmoit. The Fishery Officer of Mairang Civil Sub Division, Bah PS Tariang, explained the need to protect the fish and explained to the public that they should not kill the fish by throwing bombs or using drugs.
Briam D Kharpran Daly, while talking to SP News Agency, said that they have found the Synrang Maw crater at Mawlongbna where they have already entered only 8,269 meters. this cave in this mountain that comes to know how long this cave is.
Fisheries, General Administration Department,  Public Work Department (Building).
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that the announcement of candidates for the MLA elections should be suspended. 2023.
In the mid-term elections, the Congress candidate received 14399 votes, the NPP candidate received 11068 votes, the Independent candidate received 360 votes and the NOTA candidate received 208 votes.
“He said that the suggestion of the Autonomous District Councils to implement the Building Bye Laws in the rural areas is because Meghalaya is a disaster area and there is a need for a law against the Building Bye Laws. prevent housing and any large structures.
Shillong, Nailur 30: YesEarth Youth Corps together with Rotary Club Shillong today conducted a cleanliness drive on the Umsherpi River with the participation of members of the National Cadet Corps, Rotary District 3240 and Shillong Municipal Board.
“These are the ones who have caused the loss of the MTC office,” he said.
To preserve its own customs and traditions and at the same time to bring about development projects, KHADC has introduced this Bill and this bill is only for development projects. “It will not affect the village administration,” said the CEM and urged the MDCs to support this Bill.
Police have registered a criminal case at the Crime Branch Police Station, Eastern Range, Shillong under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
This was announced by the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Meghalaya.
The total number of recoveries today is 111, 74 from East Khasi Hills, 11 from Ri Bhoi, 7 from West Garo Hills, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 02 from West Khasi Hills and 02 from East Garo Hills. 1, South West Garo Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 1 and the total number of recoveries is
Within a very short period of time, the management of NEIGRIHMS immediately informed the heads of all departments.
“Because the voters in Shillong are better acquainted with the development projects coming from Delhi, the people will turn to the BJP to vote in the Lok Sabha elections rather than ignoring the development projects. Your vote is worthless to another party.
Shillong, June 28: U Bah DP Iangjuh, former MLA of Mawsynram constituency, who has retired from politics, has said that he is still in favor of the bridge at Ryngku which connects the neighboring villages. Bangladesh, because so far the state government has not been able to do anything.
“These are the things that the dorbar has,” said Shongknor.
“We also suggest that the Government should appoint an Officer on Special Duty and his staff to look after NDPS cases. How can the same officer look after Criminal Cases, Civil Cases and Drug Cases? Mawryngkneng area is on the National Highway and foreign drug dealers come from time to time and disgrace the village because we have not seen that the Government will appoint an officer in charge. just the drugs," he added.
Regarding this increase in bill light, the CEM of KHADC has taken action to talk to the relevant authorities regarding this issue.
As a sign of respect for this great man of the country, it has been decided that there will be a nine-day mourning across India. half in all places throughout the country.
In the internet age, many women mothers have been found to be harassed without the internet and this is against the IT Act
Tura, July 28: To preserve our culture and showcase our identity to the world, a festival will be held in South West Garo Hills at Betasing.
