He said the Government of India has worked hard to bring peace and stability, improve connectivity in the region and has achieved success in these fields.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Office of the Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities (MUDA) today held a public hearing on the rights of persons with disabilities.
Many teachers are still teaching with the old set of questions in the last year 2023 because there is no new information that will kill the usual system.
“We have received information that there are people who want to register this group in the name of HANM. HANM will be a NGO,” said Bah Lam Kharbani President. organization.
The government has decided to reopen Umroi Airport next month so that people who cannot come by plane can return.
Although 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) has been allowed in the mining sector through automatic means, there is currently no large amount of FDI in these sectors.
On the part of the RBI, during the training, they explained the work of the RBI and also explained to the public that they should not tell anything to the people who call them if they have any questions. it is with your bank account.
“Regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the President of HANM said that the party will continue to monitor before taking a decision to hold the constitution. The protest in Delhi was held for the second time.
Two vehicles parked outside the Police Reserve, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District have been set on fire by unidentified persons on Tuesday morning.
Winnerson D Sangma, MLA from Salmanpara Constituency in Garo Hills, is suspected to have demanded money from the rebel groups which have demanded not only from him but other MLAs in the past. weapons.
The question now is whether the PHE and the Municipal have such a cooperation because the water supply to the residents of Shillong is from the PHE and the Municipal.
The Urban Affairs Department will be responsible for the PWD (Road) and Parliamentary Affairs.
The organization recently took part in the National Games competition held in Aizwal where it won a silver medal. To encourage this games, the government has would be happy to provide the facility as at present there is no facility to teach in this field.
“The DGP has said that the Government is preparing to set up an Investigation Team of Police Officers to investigate the cases of the NDPS Act,” said Bah Synrem.
According to the District Administration, the entire village has planted Ganja and in 10 days to eradicate it, it will not be possible to do so. There will be a need for many people to do this work in the days to come.
During the meeting between the Seng leaders and the district authorities, the Seng could not say anything.
Therefore, the Seng urges the MEeCl to immediately provide the electricity supply to the school children so that it will not affect the school children, said Ialam G Syngkrem Secretary JYF-WJR. (SP News ).
The value of these cows was T.5.45 lakh.
Regarding the non-implementation of the ILP, this will not happen because the ILP has not been approved by the Central Government. ILP in the state but has not yet been approved by the central government.
The Government has taken steps to bring about a change in the generation of electricity in the state and this agreement with the central government electricity company like NEEPCO is very important.
Shillong Jymmang 17: The Da Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap today held a meeting to discuss the principles of the MDA government. The candidates of the 14th Pynthorumkhrah Constituency have announced that they will contest the election to the Legislative Assembly.
He also urged to follow the example of Dr.BC Lyngdoh who came from a poor family, but became one of the scientists who went to work around the world, as a star who led the way. the whole area.
On the other hand, the HPSO feels that the area is saddened to see that the people when they turn to the rural areas or even to the city are in shock and darkness where they do not know their rights or shares. should be obtained through the government departments in this area of ​​this district whether it is schemes or grant in aid and others.
After this, Pradhan visited Umsning Presbyterian School.
Shillong, June 07: Leaders of the BJP from Salmanpara Legislative Assembly Constituency today joined hands with the All India Trinamool Congress ahead of the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
He said the intention to introduce changes in the National Education Policy is a good thing, but there are some areas that need to be discussed with all those involved in the management of schools.
He said that the struggle affects not only those who took part but also those who lost and it also affects the future generations.
The Seng fully supports the 10 Sengbhalang who are demanding the rights of the jaidbynriew, said the statement through Bah D Thabah, Organizing Secretary, Mylliem Zone.
Shillong, July 21: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has held a flag raising ceremony around Shillong on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. They wrote that they want to resolve the border and get their own state by separating from their Garo friends.
He said that unfortunately, nothing has been done yet, he asked whether there is anything behind it, or whether there may be such a thing. The President of the KSU has accused the KSU of stealing shops, stealing types of vehicles and others. The KSU leader said that the government should set up a special mechanism to look after corruption in the state if the state wants to rise to achieve the highest level of corruption. Clean governance to gain the trust of the people The government should do this.
“The 18th Lok Sabha is the Amrit Kaal of India.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC of Sohryngkham today sent a letter to Martin M Danggo, Minister in charge of PWD to request the department to clean up the road. Thangshalai village which is only 2 KM away. This road which Bah Pyniaid MDC of Thangshalai village has requested the Minister of PWD to clean up is a village road where the households inside the village live. There are more than 150 households, and the present road is a dirt road.
Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Jaintia Hills, Gagan Jain, Executive Member of the party, was also present at the welcoming ceremony.
They also called for the CEM to resign.
Mawkyrwat, the capital of South West Khasi Hills, has now affected parts of Pariong Constituency.
Alok Kumar Singh Sector DIG Tura and Ajay Kumar Tiwary, Commandant 100 Bn BSF were also present at the inauguration ceremony. The new BSF camp has been established near Tura in West Garo Hills District.
From an increase of 97,894 cases per day in the middle of November, on 26th November there were 43,174 cases.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, confirmed that the two members of the KSU have been released by the High Court today. guaranteed.
Speaking to media, Pyniaid Syiem CEM of KHADC said that this act is very important in view of the uniqueness of KHADC in Meghalaya which holds the customs and traditions to look after the market. hat.
Police have also arrested the suspect for the murder.
The main theme of this is to educate people to understand the importance of planting trees.
Earlier, only men used drugs but now even young girls are involved in drug use," he added.
He said that for 83 years we have lost this great man of our nation in whom he was the pioneer of literature.
New Delhi, July 24: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today addressed the media before the opening of the first session of the 18th Lok Sabha today.
Shillong, July 02: The BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) in Meghalaya has agreed to improve the Ankur Play School at Umpling. BSF IG L Mohanti in the presence of Gouri Karuna Mohanti, BWWA Meghalaya Frontier President and other officials.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Chief Justice Prafulla Chandra Pant will be sworn in as the newly appointed Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court today at Raj Bhavan.
Samuel said that the protest was held throughout the North East in Meghalaya in Shillong and Tura.
The office was opened today to facilitate the working methods and also to assist fellow contractors in case of any problems, according to a statement sent by Bah Emanuel Syiem Malngiang General. Shillong, March 31: Allan West Kharkongor today joined the National People's Party (NPP) and will be the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Sohra Constituency.
Meanwhile, Sangma said the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will set a date to confirm the second phase of the border talks in the coming days.
Dr Kharnaior also expressed his gratitude to the SDO of PHE and SDO of PWD for their assistance in bringing water to CHC Sohra where the water has come straight from the treatment plan of PHE. Dr Kharnaior said that since the month of November, there have been 20 cases of abortion and it has been two months since the equipment and medicines were received. 3 cases of child abuse.
Please give us the details, how many members there are whether there are only one or two or three pending cases in court or 20 or 30,” he added.
The NGT will come to Shillong to hear the case at the Meghalaya High Court and the decision of the NGT on how it will decide will be on the 1st or 2nd of next month.
Regarding the people of the state who are still stranded abroad, 10287 people have registered so far, of whom the government has to provide assistance to 5392 people.
“We have taken this decision after the people of Meghalaya did not appear to testify before the Judicial Inquiry appointed by the Government of Assam and the people of Assam did not appear to testify. “There is a Judicial Inquiry appointed by the Government of Meghalaya into this incident,” he said.
Speaking at a short meeting before the opening of these bridges, Bah Lambor said, “The introduction of these three bridges is part of the change in the village in terms of of the growth of the par.
All this has led to the attitude of drivers to the point of driving without hesitation even to violate the traffic rules.
After that, the police explained that they have arrested these two youths on suspicion of involvement and they may be only witnesses.
Former KHADC MDC David Kharsati confirmed that the party will contest from Nongthymmai Constituency in the MLA election next month.
“Nurses working in the OT require specific training to assist surgeons effectively in their respective specialties," he explained.
The distribution was led by the leaders of the center including the party's secretary Bah I Uriah and General Secretary Bah W Lapang.
The implementation of the NRC in Assam is based on the 1951 census and the soskular signed in
Therefore, the party invites and invites all the office bearers of the party to attend this day so that the work can go smoothly and smoothly as there are many tasks. urgent ones that have to be arranged.
The letter reads about the allegations of the Governor regarding the University.
Therefore, the JYF urges the people of Jaintia Hills to join hands with the JSU on this 12 hour curfew so that the government can take action to restore the 12 hour curfew. JYF announces that blood donation center will be completed in Jaintia Hills. (SP News).
Joti, on his first assumption of office as CEC of the country, said that the first task for him is to move forward to ensure that the upcoming elections will be held. which are running smoothly and cleanly throughout the country.
And this gave us the confidence to move forward.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma from the Congress party today filed his nomination for the Ampati Constituency.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has expressed its regret over the news that some unknown names have been published within the party who have claimed to be intellectuals. The President of the JYF Sengkmie, Bah PL Majaw, has sent a statement to the media so that the public can understand the truth. The church should know clearly, what kind of leaders should we elect now at this time and time when the nation is in the midst of trouble and money and there are no more leaders who are brave enough to speak for the life and death of the nation of Hynniewtrep.
The leaders of the HNLC come and go but the foundation of the Seng will remain the same and we cannot compromise the struggle to restore the independence of the Jaidbynriew by surrendering or by receiving assistance from the Government. The Government of India has not yet recognized the Hynniewtrep people as a 'Jaidbynriew'
To protect and look after the welfare of these fish pond owners and fishermen as well as the farmers have formed this association called the All Jaintia Pond Owner & Fishing Association. both the districts of Jaintia Hills, East and West.
Finally, we urge all the Nongsynshar from the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima, to strictly follow the customs and traditions as we have received from the ancestors because it is our duty to hand over them. the right to the longdien.
The arrest of Tengsak was made while he was visiting his family this Christmas. They allegedly found a letter demanding money from him. police.
The SP (City) said that the court has authorized to remand Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh for 12 days in police custody for further investigation. He was also involved in three criminal cases, in which he was charged in two cases.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The number of new COVID-19 positive cases in the state has dropped to 3 as of 10 pm today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Syntar Klas Sunn, after completing his studies as an electrical engineer, worked for the Greater Shillong Water Supply Schemes. After retiring from this post as a government employee, he entered politics and contested the MLA election in 2018 and won from this constituency as an independent MLA.
In the Indian Round (Mixed Team), East Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District were the winners.
Many of the laws of the Government of India are not in line with the uniqueness of the Hynniewtrep people especially in the field of land tenure, mineral resources, forestry, customs and traditions.
This violates Section 21(e) of the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act,
Discussions included the concept of palliative care and others.
This road is very important as it will help to transform the income of the state in these states which rely on truck transportation.
The Minister urged the state government to suggest and prepare to hold the Adi Mahotsav in Meghalaya in 2020 and to start an exhibition center through TRIFED so that skilled manufacturers from this state will benefit.
Although the work has been going smoothly since the NHM took over, the salaries are low and besides that we don't get the benefits we should have received.
For the benefit of the people of this area, there are 56 villages under this Block. The MLA of this Block also spoke in the Budget Session on this Block. MLA Santa Mary Shylla who spoke on this issue in the Legislative Assembly after the government announcement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has led the fight against the disease and has personally monitored India's figures every morning since the beginning of October.
The total cost of this scheme is T.43.95 crore.
The Chief Minister said the government has its own revenues, whether it is from state revenues, appropriations, loans, revenues from the central government or schemes from abroad. country, so there are a lot of ways the money comes.
Speech was delivered by Bah KP Pangniang, MLA & MDC, EM-i/c KHADC Elaka, who said that it is necessary for all the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas to hold Dorbars properly and not to rule in the Dorbar Shnongs. but to convene the Hima Dorbars as part of honoring and following the example of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh.
The Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme has helped thousands of small and medium enterprises.
On this day, these insurgents not only came to surrender before the government but also brought with them many weapons ranging from AK.56, pistols, bullets and other weapons. The arrest of these suspects was held at the Police Head Quarter.
Shillong, July 18: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued a public notice that the curfew in Shillong city will be extended for 18 hours from 2 pm. from 5 pm to 11 pm.
Shillong, June 04: The FKJGP Mawsynram Area has regarded the demand of the FKJGP Mawsynram Village Council to remove Uram Doctor from Mawsynram Area. The Seng now says that it is something they cannot accept at all.
The elections in the future will be easier for those with disabilities.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma today said that the temporary suspension of the distribution of Shini Ration to the people is due to lack of funds. government.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) East Khasi Hills has urged the KSU, other civil society organizations and the public to cooperate in the fight against these crimes which have claimed lives in in society.
According to Bah Gavin, the family of Bah Nongkynrih belongs to a very poor family and he urged the state government to provide assistance to this family.
From Mawkaphan to Langsya, which is 5 km dewbilat, this road has made it easier for vehicles to travel, but because it is too small, it is difficult for vehicles to meet in the middle of the road. he kiar one by one.
The operation of the MTC has been disrupted today as all ticket offices have been closed.
The Legislative Wing could not answer the questions raised by the MDCs in the House.
If we knew that the public meeting on that day would immediately decide to hold a 72 hour strike, we wouldn't have been able to meet the DC. The newspapers to support the protest, but the party itself fully supports this protest even though it has not been expressed in the newspapers for the above reasons, but the goal of the work is the same. for the people.
The increasing power outages in the area have caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area especially to the school children who have to prepare for various examinations this year.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The two-day Strawberry Festival started today across the state with the support of the Strawberry Festival. .
Shillong, Lber 25: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party will nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections to the Rajya Sabha. The bay will be announced after the railing is completed.
It is shocking to see that even after the talks, Assam has shown its own strength.
The implementation of this project will ensure the availability of water in the villages as well as the distribution of water to the rice fields.
Shillong, Lber, 22: An Alto 800 (ML05 T 1313) collided with a Bolero Pickup (ML05 T 1313) near the DC office at IGP Point. ML05 AB 2210 will be submitted to the SP Office.
A formal education for them is the key for their future.
At present, the GNRC operates three sites with a total of 500 beds.
Two vehicles including an Auto Truck and a JCB parked in the ground floor of the house almost collapsed after the robbers detonated a petrol bomb but fortunately the owners of the house who heard the blast turned it off. The fire was extinguished by pouring water to avoid the fire of the two vehicles parked in the ground floor.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has decided to hold a 7 kilometer marathon under the theme “Run for Environment – the Cause".
KSU Barak Valley General Secretary Wanbor Pdang has spoken to the Superintendent of Police of Hailakandi District of Assam by phone and the SP has promised to take action against them. this is not to release the child.
The ban will be in nine districts, East Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, East Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“If the foundation is not strong, it is difficult to build the future. ", he said.
“After we complained, the District Council issued a Stay Order to suspend the order of the Syiem to collect taxes from the residents of Raid Sawsymper. by the District Council.
He strongly opposed this behavior of the Sengbhalang in the Hima Jirang for not recognizing the villagers who run the Sawmills.
He is the brother of former Mawlai MLA and MDC Strong Cajee and the grandson of VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
The MUJ urges the Tripura government to find and punish the perpetrators.
The AYUSH Department and the Information & Broadcasting Department of the Union Government have held celebrations at various places in preparation for the International Yoga Day.
After being handed over to the States Department, he said that “the security and stability of these states as well as India requires unity and understanding cooperation between its various parts.
Leaders of the prominent civil society organizations who participated in the meeting were Bah F Kharmawphlang, Vice President of the KSU, Ferdinal Kharkamni, Christabel Wanniang, General Secretary, CSWO. The meeting was led by the Rangbah Shnong of Sabuda, Bah B Sohtun.
Vajpayee was an intelligent man, a great leader and his life is a great example for me.
It is to be recalled that Ms Sweet has a working group known as the Society for Labor and Decelopment which has been supported by the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong. he helped me a lot to go to Thailand for the tournament.
They were from Assam and entered through the infiltration check gate at Aradongnga. When inquired, they said they wanted to go to work in Ummulong in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the police had searched for him but could not find him and arrested them.
The renewal of office bearers will not only be for the units of the branches, but also for the office bearers of the Congress Youth Wing. The Modi government has removed the 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
Shillong, November 27: On the 21st and 22nd of this month, the State Police have received a complaint that three persons have stolen two wheelers from different places. .
The project to plant up to 7,00,700 tree seedlings will be held on the 30th of this month and will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister at Jan Law Kyntang in Mawphlang.
The subject to be taught is “Social Transformation Bio-Technology and its Application”.
From this place, Dr Mukul also visited Gongglanggre village, which falls under Selsella C&RD of West Garo Hills District to take part in the planting of siej.
The union urges the people of Khliehrait Blcok to provide immediate assistance to these people who have been involved in this crisis.
The General Secretary of the AICC is on a meeting with the party leaders in Meghalaya for the preparations for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly to be held at the National Assembly. in the year
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that West Khasi Hills District has been neglected for all these years and the condition of the land has increased. he spoke at a public event on October 31, 2021.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong, Shlem, which trains young people to become leaders in society and the Church, will celebrate its Diamond Jubilee on 1st October
Police said that on the 22nd of this month, Deepyojyoti Paul had lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station that his vehicle number ML05 H 1058 had not reached the police station. Borsora and this vehicle has a budget of T.1.10 crore.
It is not that I am on the side of the new EC or that I have anything against the old EC, in fact my friends are more in the old EC and I am more enthusiastic about the old EC. EC bar; Therefore, when I show these things, it is only because I don't like the rulers to speak without mentioning the Rules.
Thus, knowing and being skilled in the knowledge to do something on one's own is different from knowing and feeling the knowledge in oneself.
“We said ‘One World, One Family, One Future’ in front of the world for the G-20 Summit and we continue to do so in this belief.
He prays for the safety of all to avoid any injury and is eager to see peace return to the country, the Chief Minister said on Twitter today.
Regarding the death of pigs, the government will not issue any announcement, but what was announced two months ago is still in force, that is, no pigs will be imported from abroad and and to trade from one District to another.
There were no youngest participants in Jirang, Sandra Tham in Umling, Riphiew Rani in Umling and Daiana Nongrum in Umling.
The Prime Minister promised that the government will be able to curb such incidents and the arrest should be made and when arrested should be made on the basis of evidence. Verify the CCTV Recording or any other verification.
The blood donation by the BSF personnel started in 1992 and continues today.
D S Bisht, Comdt,108 Bn BSF, Meghalaya Frontier.
The inspection was attended by Bah R Nongseij, Police Engineer, OC of Laban Police Station, Rangbah Shnong Bah Edward Kharwanlang and village leaders.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Shillong Lajong FC and Nongkrem SC have played a football match in the Gionee Shillong Premier League today. Shillong Lajong FC scored three goals through Samuel, Jacob and Hardy in the first half. Shillong Lajong FC scored three goals in the first half. of the state fifteen minutes before the end of the game.
The SRDF has been working hard to rescue the injured from the three commercial vehicles that collapsed at 4.20 pm. than in this crossing of the tree.
However, the problem is that if the agriculture industry increases, how will the market grow when it is time to sell in the market?
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai today inaugurated the Dawki Trade Market in the presence of the Symbud Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
During the meeting with the CrPF, he also sought their opinion on their welfare, health and urged them to have a close relationship with the people and The DG CRPF together with the IG CRPF, Prakash D., IPS met with the Governor of Meghalaya. Tathagata Roy at the Raj Bhavan.
With the aim of strengthening the party for the MDC election 2019, the party has already decided on the candidates for these constituencies.
: Congress MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A. Sangma, who was recently elected as MP of the Lok Sabha, will resign as MLA on Tuesday.
The Government wants to encourage and at the same time provide support to the youth in the form of food allowance by collaborating with Alternative Learning Systems (ALS) Limited to be the training provider.
The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) will submit a sample hostcity contract this month once the documents are received from the government. It has been able to proceed with the preparations for the National Games 2022 according to the rules.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Cabinet meeting held today discussed the Governor's request for clarification on the government's preparation to hold the mid-term MDC elections in nine constituencies.
Speaking on the occasion, Kharkongor congratulated Raphael Warjri, founder of Riti Academy, who has been awarded the Meghalaya Day Award for his contribution to the Riti Academy. you don't draw or write in the state.
Meghalaya has 31 testing sites.
The leaders of the union complained about the inability of the Government to provide school supplies to the children and the union will not refuse to donate even if it is small.
KSU Umsning Circle under the leadership of Samla Jester Nongbet Finance Secretary KSU Umsning Circle has donated food items and food items. I wish them all the best and wish them good health and the ability to fight against this Covid-1
The second is to ensure that those who have reached the age of voting should not be allowed to be included in the electoral roll.
Shillong, July 23: A group of street vendors in Shillong today met with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand that the government should impose a give them a place to sit down.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Answering a question by Chokpot MLA Lazarus Sangma, the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the government has transferred the BDO from the Block three times. Chocolate this year.
To implement checkpoints by health personnel at entry and exit points in the state.
On the other hand, the President congratulated all the troops involved in the defense of the country.
: means householder, shlemuktiar – household is a place of residence and household is an expert () in the field of law.
Niangryndia is a plant that farmers plant in their fields.
He said the villages affected by the landslide are Mawkhalitngap, Manad, Lummawbah and Mawpud.
The robbers bombed and tied the doors of the house until it collapsed.
At this meeting, the FKJGP will raise the issue of unemployment among the youth and the FKJGP will follow up on these promises of these political parties.
These rules cover the application form, the procedure for the detection of diseases by the District Level Committee (DLC) and the inspection and registration of citizens by the State Level Empowered Committee (EC).
“Unless the JHADC exterminates the Nepali village and punishes the Nepali Rangbah Shnong for his actions without the authority of the JHADC, the AJYWO will not stand idly by,” he said. and MH Dkhar.
Although the Chief Minister launched the scheme on Saturday at Polo Ground, the people of Meghalaya have to wait until the slip arrives at their homes before they can apply. They have named themselves to benefit from this scheme of the government which is funded by the central and state governments.
The Minister in charge of Ayush inaugurated the Guest House and laid the foundation stone for the Administrative Building, Pharmacy Building, well and road including entry and exit gates.
The team also visited Marten in Mawlai to see how the garbage dump in this area and the CEM of KHADC said that after complying with the rules and regulations, In terms of the spread of niut ki nier, it is completely prohibited to discharge the land into the rivers.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the government should not issue a Police Out if it wants to remove these Home Guards so that it will be better than the presence of Home Guards. Home Guard Out post.
H.Lamin on his achievement to hold the Pro rank.
The office will inform the Governor of the state and wait for the explanation on how to do this.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed two new cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Alok Verma, Leader of the Tourist Association at the Airport, said that to bring peace and stability in the future, there will be a social agreement between the Assam and Meghalaya. The SP of Azara to check the smooth running of the vehicles.
One will be from Guwahati to Mendipathar in Meghalaya and the other from Guwahati to Mairabari.
Through the employment of 105 million people, the textile industry is the second largest employer in the country, after agriculture.
Balen Thubru was elected as the Member, Erwin K Syiem Sutnga Advocate as the Co Convenor, Mr. Dawniwon Chulet as the Secretary in charge of East Jaintia Hills District and Mr. Kyrshan Dkhar as Secretary in charge of the meeting. in West Jaintia Hills District.
She said that the cooperation of each and every one is needed to curb such evils.
This has also affected the movement of the people.
U Bah Shaniahlang, Leader of the Seng, said that for more than 40 years we have had our own state but the surprising thing is that until now we have not received the put u distribu that will determine our own state. The borders remain in darkness and live in misery only because of the government's inability to resolve the border issues has brought problems to the people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangam, today raised the flag of India at his residence in Auckland near Polo to mark the Republic Day. 73rd.
This initiative of the Income Tax Department has been praised by the public as well as the relevant authorities and this is a step to curb illegal trade and will also be a way to increase revenue. revenues of the state government.
For many years it has been found and known that the salaries of these temporary and contract workers are low compared to the certified workers.
Wossaroi Rani from Mawphlang and his supporters also joined the BJP party. They were welcomed by the President of the party, Bah Ernest Mawrie. long to build the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ended today, but on the last day of the session, the session could not be held due to the appearance of the opposition. The session on the passage of the Bhowal Hima Bill has started immediately.
Divisional Commandant, Shillong and PRO of Meghalaya, Bah PH Shylla, said that the Quick Response Team, which is stationed at Khliehriat since 11 pm on Tuesday, received information. on the incident until 8 pm and immediately arrived at the scene at 9 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Claudia Lyngdwa, on Tuesday said that Bah Romoe Lyngdoh, who was shot dead by the HNLC, was not a policeman. The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, said that the HNLC has allegedly used its own person.
Joti has been the Election Commissioner since 13th June 2015. During his tenure as Election Commissioner, the states where elections have been held are Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Uttar Pradesh. , Punjab, Uttarakhand, Manipur and Goa where the elections were conducted smoothly.
The Prime Minister of India said that the relationship between the two democratic countries should not be only for the sake of gain between the two countries but should be for the sake of mutual benefit. bring the power to bring peace in the world and to increase the economy as well.
The cake was also cut for the opening ceremony of Na-Me Productions and the dinner.
Other candidates who have filed their nominations today are Bah Phlour W Khongjee from Laitkroh Constituency and Bah Lambor Malangniang from Nongkrem Constituency. Four independent candidates have filed their nomination papers today, namely Lurshai Wahlang, Donlang Sohklet and Joberwel Lapang from Umsning. Age constituency.
The union pays tribute to the youths who have appealed to the court where they have been able to expose this behavior of the people in power.
On the women's side, Ri-Bhoi Rinalgi Ingti (1.55 M) and Rinalgi Ingti (1.55 M) won the gold and silver medals. Andrisha Klien (1.45M), Roshni Ch Marak (Williamnagar) won the bronze medal. At the end of the first day, the Ri-Bhoi team won 3 gold medals and 3 gold medals. one silver and one bronze medal, followed by the Shillong team who won two gold medals and one gold medal for West Jaintia Hills.
There are 44 recoveries, highest from East Khasi Hills 30 and West Khasi Hills 5, bringing the total number of recoveries to after.
At this meeting, the party decided to accept the year 1971 as the year of registration of foreigners.
In Meghalaya, the GST collection in June 2022 was 227 and in June 2023, the GST collection was 239 and the increase was only 6%. state of Meghalaya.
There are only three or four villages to resolve the name. They suggest that the name should be Sohra District, which will include the two constituencies of Sohra and Shella. about 200 pieces.
As usual every year, the organization through its branches has been able to celebrate with the world as part of the preservation of the Mother Earth.
That can only happen if the count is made from the blood or from the blood of human animals; perhaps as if you were telling us what might happen.
The HFU reminds the government to declare 2020 as the Year of Farmers and reminds the government to implement various schemes for the farmers together with the HFU. The HFU will continue to work hard to educate the farmers by recruiting 100,000 members so that the HFU will have its own office. also to the office bearers of Sohiong Block, Bhoi Rymbong Block, Nongklung Circle and Mawlyngngot Circle.
Answering questions on how the public should know about this, the office said that it will inform the public soon and regarding the complainants, the office will not say what the complaint is. The aim is to encourage the public to come forward and inform the government.
After this, the government will get clarity and at the same time there will be a meeting with the people involved in this work to prepare how to move forward in this work. “The issue of coal is at the forefront of the present government,” he said.
When asked whether the resignation of both of them on the same day will cause any problems in the Constitution, Bah Manstudy said that the AD Rule allows them to resign. The letter of resignation shall be sent to the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly.
The Union once again expresses its regret over the transfer of officers in the District without proper reasons or before the expiry of the term for the sake of some selfish interests. The crop does not affect the growth of the area.
Shillong, November 09: The North Eastern Hill University today announced that due to unavoidable reasons, the examinations scheduled for tomorrow 10/12/2 remove it.
So far, four persons have been arrested in connection with the incident.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner and District Registrar of Citizens, West Jaintia Hills District, today informed that a public hearing has been held in Laskein Block where thousands of people have come to take part and register their names. day.
The party is ready to come back to power in the country after the MP elections and after returning from the recent party meeting in New Delhi, the BJP Meghalaya has has continued to prepare for the MP elections by strengthening the departments in the state and has started implementing programs 'visit the villages' and 'meet the people' which will be the means to meet the voters. vote to clarify the activities of the party under the leadership of party president Rikman Momin,” he said.
These government employees who returned on time were awarded with a certificate and money.
The students of this training center who came to take part in this one day workshop.
Many of the speakers at the meeting said that due to the smoke from the Abhi Coke Industry, it is alleged that many people around them have suffered from various diseases. This was announced by Bah Harvis Phawa, Rangbah Shnong of Jalyiah.
Rangbah Shnong and Sordar from all over Smit area were present.
The time has come for a law to punish those in power who misuse the funds of the people.
“Others who attended the meeting were Chetan Krishnaswamy, Vice President, Public Policy at Amazon India, Vikram Sahay, Joint Secretary, I&B Department and other senior officials of the Department.
NYK Shillong has organized a drawing competition to raise awareness among the public to fight against TB in India by 2047, on this occasion Bah HS Kharpran said the chief guest of the competition run away.
“The UDP is a party of fear and because of fear it has to join hands with the HSPDP to contest the MLA election 2018,” said Bah Hamlet. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Aibor L Nonglait said that the government has passed laws to discriminate against the people in the field of agriculture and others. other kinds of works that will save the people.
Explaining this, he said that the last meeting with the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, was very encouraging, as he promised to take this issue to the Legislative Assembly.
The convicted are Mortonjune Kharbani, aged 45-50, and Lumlang Syiemlieh, another accused. The rape of the child happened in The case was registered in Mawngap PSha on 03/12/2
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has invited the leaders of the four political parties to speak. he shall take this matter to the government.
Other measures to be imposed by the government will be the curfew from 10 pm in Shillong. In other districts, the Deputy Commissioners will announce.
Regarding the expenditure for the MP election, the CEO said that at present it cannot be said because it still has to be counted from all the districts. how much is it.
The summit was attended by 215 foreign and domestic speakers and 50,000 face-to-face and online speakers.
Ltd, and SPIKAP, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, SPIKAP, also delivered a speech. support health care to the rural areas where the PHC or CHC is far away and especially they have been a blessing because as we all know it is difficult for the Government to appoint Doctors or Nurses in every village, and He said that through this training, the villagers in the remote areas, can get a detailed and clear explanation on how to act, and where to go if they encounter such a problem and when it is severe. This is the suffering because of the pyrjong.
This is a sophisticated illegal business and has been found to be run by fraudsters operating in multiple countries.
In this regard, the government has been able to export Khasi Sohniamtra, Sohtrun to Arab countries and now Shynrai Lakadong and Syieng to European markets.
The Minister said the Government is determined to achieve social goals to eradicate the menace of drugs.
Pious said he will take action to ensure that the government should help these families after receiving the report from the DC. and BDO of the District.
Each of the bouts had to fight four times to qualify for the final and most of the bouts which ended today were agreed upon by all the judges.
The vehicles carrying these contractors were accompanied by the police to take them to the places where they were supposed to go.
Anyone or anyone who dares to stand against the violent forces and who dares to expose the corruption and corruption of those in power, their life ends and they are crucified. .
Among the rules this year, the Seng Khasi has completed this climb to the holy mountain to perform the rituals, the knia and the khriam by the long san mansan of the Seng.
“Because we understand that it is the life and death of consumers, we issued a notice on July 8 and did not wait until we received the reports from the 100 fish sampled.
Some misinformation has been spread.
Ranikor, Iaiong 27: The Ranikor River is one of the tourist attractions, although there is a Beach Festival from time to time.
The meeting also announced the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the Wahkhen Water Dam for the water supply of Shillong New Township at a cost of T.1600 crore and only for the construction of the dam. will be Rs 600 crore.
The MPs promised to discuss their demand with the central government.
Finally, it was built on the site of the Indira Gandhi Cultural Centre, Dhanmundi, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
There was also a statement that the MLAs of Mawsynram, Langrin, Mawkyrwat and especially the Mawphlang MLA who are the MLAs of this area. .
The President of the Union, Bah Roipar Kharraswai, said that 11 people have been admitted to hospital so far.
“On Tuesday next month, I will count the number of local taxis driving without Trading Licence, foreign drivers driving without Labor Licence, all registered vehicles. We will write to the DTO office. It is impossible to drive without a license and we will take care of this matter.
To provide health facilities in the country and the states is a difficult task, but the government has taken this as the most important issue to provide health facilities and also to the people. to work in health care facilities.
He said that in the past the strength depended on the people but now it has turned into the strength depends on the media of this age.
Shillong, July 11: The residents of Jaintia Hills in the coal mining areas are living in fear and discouragement due to the large number of people who demand money and kidnap people from the coal mining areas of Jaintia Hills. this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: A group involved in the development of tourism in Sohra area under the leadership of Bah Alan West Kharkongor today submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. The road to Nohkalikai and Dainthlen has been badly damaged.
On the other hand, Bah Hek said that he is pleased to contribute on behalf of the people of Meghalaya with this small donation.
Speaking on the occasion were Mawlai MLA Embhalang Syiemlieh, MDC Process T Sawkmie, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, RV Lyngdoh, Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek was also present, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, IR Sangma, Director C&RD and DC PS Dkhar.
I, as a private person who has a true patriotism, will help according to what I can do as a private person.
The USA received these trees from Japan as a symbol of friendship.
MEPA at its meeting held in Shillong today (5th March, 2023) has decided to clarify to all the media that the authorized media outlets are registered with the office of the Registrar of Newspapers of India (RNI) and also recognized by the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) of the Government of Meghalaya.
At the inauguration of these units, the people of these villages have expressed their readiness to give their full support to the NPP in the MLA elections 2018 to the Legislative Assembly and to win the party with dignity. this time.
The meetings were attended by the Speaker Timothy D. Shira, Commissioner & Secretary of the Meghalaya Assembly Dr Andrew Simons, officers from various departments and the Assembly Secretariat.
The protest of the Adhoc teachers demanded that the government should increase the salary of T.18000/- tyngka as a starting point and should increase by 5% per annum. The Cabinet has not discussed anything in the three Cabinet meetings.
He said that this scheme will provide modern training facilities to Vishwakarma colleagues.
New Delhi, March 27: Nine states including Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Sikkim, Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh have received compensation for the successful implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) for the year 2020-2021.
The Government should follow up on the decision of the Legislative Assembly to implement the Inner Line Permit in the State which has not seen any signs in the State yet. but it is against the destruction of the nation.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of the State has named before the people some of the areas that the MDA government has been able to play in terms of economic development in the state and the signs that have been shown in these areas. the five years of this government.
“The KSU Laskein Circle strongly condemns the JHADC for allowing the authorities to offer goods, sell jhur, etc. without trading license and proper documents.
We stand on the ground to demand NOC for road construction and not NOC for uranium mining.
Many of the passengers said that the refusal to allow small vehicles to travel to Motphrah has put the residents in difficulty in getting vehicles to travel to Motphrah. Taxis have to pay T.80 per fare.
Dr. Arvind Panagariya, Chairman of the 16th Finance Commission, was the chief guest.
Answering a question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that when it comes to the government, there will be no impact because when they take any decision as a group, they take it. with a thought for the public.
Bah Shullai also advised the people especially the youth and the society that other political parties have been trying to get support in Meghalaya.
The test was organized by the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly where the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent doctors and nurses to take samples from the MLAs who have been able to attend the test at the MLA Hostel. Shillong.
New Delhi, July 22: The 46th Meghalaya Day was celebrated today at the Meghalaya House, New Delhi, organized by the office of the Resident Commissioner, Meghalaya House, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi. .
The result of the 1st batch 2013 will be announced on this day.
Shillong, Nailur 21: A sudden heavy rainfall has hit Ri Bhoi District this morning at 9:00 am which has caused flooding inside the Shillong-Guwahati highway especially at the Corona testing center at Umling.
Nitania Tariang and Carlynda Nongbri (EKH) beat D Lyngdoh and Ryngkhlem (WJH) 21-8, 21-1
The four robbers are still in the custody of the Ri Bhoi Police who are conducting a thorough investigation into the money laundering case and also to find out whether there are any others involved in this case. You can't find money on the National Highway in Ri Bhoi.
Thus, the words tiar and atiar are the original Khasi words.
“We will try to bring them back and we will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner's office and the department to bring back the workers,” he said.
He added that they have received information on the system of giving Khasi jaid to women, they have also received information on the system of land acquisition, khlawadong, the working of District Council Courts and others. Jaydevi D Pujari Swami, Deputy Director of the Press Information Bureau, expressed her satisfaction that she has received many explanations on the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Last year, seven villages were selected to receive special recognition for their preservation of the culture and traditions. The government has provided assistance to these villages and the assistance was distributed on Republic Day. .
Police have launched an investigation to track down the perpetrators of the murder.
The NEFIP also decided to oppose the proposal to make Hindi the national language and the BJP's proposal to force people to read and speak Hindi.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The main reason why we demand our own Khasi-Jaintia State is because we have already seen the problems that have arisen not only in terms of the Reservation Policy.
Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem will inaugurate the exhibition on Friday in the presence of Swami Anuragananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra.
The Government's priority is to increase the share of renewable electricity in the country to meet the country's needs as well as to export to neighboring countries.
India has introduced stringent measures aimed at reducing tobacco use and protecting public health.
The Center Line on Suok GS Road will be completed soon so that vehicles will not cross the border.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today marked the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Meghalaya State Health Society (RNTCP). The meeting was held in collaboration with the RNTCP, Shillong and Reid Provincial Chest Hospital, Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that the government will now provide Wifi to all schools and colleges in the state both government and public schools. you're on the internet.
They expressed to him the hardships and sufferings of the refugees who have been facing them every day since the sudden suspension of the work and smuggling of Mawshun to Bangladesh.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister promised to look into these demands and a meeting of the Cabinet will be held to discuss them.
As it is learned that the government has already appointed a 5pay commission for the new payment of their salaries, the EC is keen to implement the new salary within the council.
On the other hand, the district authorities in Garo Hills are ready to take action in case of any incident of violence.
The incident occurred when they went astray and when they reached Jatah, the people stopped them and after they tried to drive the vehicle, they sold it to one of the people at the place. At this time, the crowd who were present bombed them and in this incident Bah Macmilan died.
Kabul Sangma has been expelled from the UDP and later left the party. The UDP has nothing to do with Kabul in the mid-term elections in 51-South Tura. The party has already expressed its full support to Conrad, the NPP candidate from Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the President of AJHDA, Bah Kyrshan Rymbai, said that the Dance Meghalaya Dance is for little masters under 14 years of age. and others were the struggles of the country.
“This time 'Mann Ki Baat' is more special.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Congress MLA and AICC Secretary Zenith M Sangma today said that 124 people have been appointed in MeECL without advertisement. They are only from Shillong and surrounding areas.
The College Students Union (CSU) has come forward to demand that the government should provide for the needs of the college.
She urged the CEM to request all the shopkeepers to have a Trading License so that they will know and it will also help to prevent those people from owning shops in the country. you can apply for a licence.
Shillong Boys and Umiew Sports Club played a very interesting match, but suddenly Kansan in the skill of the players of Shillong Boys had the opportunity to take the lead against LA. Shillong Boys scored 10 goals while Umiew didn't have the opportunity to pay for the 10 goals of Shillong Boys.
The HITO has taken this step after two foreign employees of Meghalaya Cements Limited, which produces Topcem dewbilat, threatened the police to throw batons at the protesters. conducting a public hearing.
After a thorough discussion, the Cabinet has decided to revive the MCCL but in the form of a joint venture with the private sector. Venture'.
The names of these candidates are Rupert Momin from Kharkuta.
The Chief Executive Members (CEM) of JHADC told SP News Agency that the House today passed the Bill and it will be sent to the Government for approval for the upcoming elections. can be held according to new constituencies.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma of the NPP party has increased the price of medicines for those who go for treatment in government hospitals.
According to the Publicity Secretary of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, in fact, the deficit teachers have not received their salaries yet and if the government does not release them this month, their salaries will last for three months. it has put them in a predicament who have to carry the family and keeping their children in school.
However, at the same time, they encouraged the 101 students who passed and all the students who attended the examination to continue to work harder to achieve their goals.
The deadline for submission of comments will be the 31st of this month and the winners will be announced on the 2nd of March. This advice can only be sent to those who are 16 years of age or older.
That is why this advertisement is illegal,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: A government vehicle (ML01A-0175) belonging to a Balero (ML01A-0175) was suspected to have been detonated in a parking lot near the Water Resources Office this morning.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, he said he is concerned for the women from Meghalaya who have married to Assam, including Khasi, Garo and others. Through this NRC, the ethnic groups have been recognized as foreigners in the country.
During the meeting, it was explained that those youths who brought their weapons during the protest on that day, please inform the MLA, MDC or anyone else who brought the weapons. They believe that the government doesn't want to know who they are but they only need the equipment.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh today announced that one man has died of COVID-1 -19.
Government offices and any educational institutions around the area should be closed.
On the other hand, the Minister said that one cannot work alone without the cooperation of the people, at the same time he said that the law should not be taken into one's own hands.
Regarding the dumping of garbage in Motphran, Stand Jeep and Garikhan, the SMB will no longer allow the dumping of garbage, but has put up signboards for vehicles to reach these places and people to dump garbage in their vehicles. he has a field.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, said that according to the fact, there is no need for him as the Minister of PWD to visit or inspect this road as this road has already been handed over. sha to the National Highway Authority of India.
The union also said that it will not help us to fight against this disease by various means such as lockdown, or by banning export and import through the Land Custom in Tamabil without being able to curb this trade. illegal with heavy security in the border regions.
John F Kharshiing said that it will help to protect the country if the words Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima are clearly visible. Sirdars, Ministers, Basans, Syiems, Dolloi, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Village Ministers, Rangbah Kurs are protected under the Constitution of India as are the Gram Panchayats, District Panchayats (foreign villages) under the Constitution of India. Constitution of India through Article
To resolve these issues will take time and expense, the Chief Minister urged the Central Government to assist the State Government to improve the airport. in the state of Meghalaya.
According to the arrangement of the District Administration, the inspection will be completed on the 30th of this month and will reach the border with East Khasi Hills at Wah Umnogt.
Dalu is only 45 km from Tura, but in the past few months, the number of kidnappings on this road has increased about 40 times. teachers and many of them are traffickers, police said.
The issue of opposition to the railway line is not new, but this is the issue that the party has been opposing for many years since the previous leaders and to say that they are only opposed is wrong. Because they did not oppose for the honor or interest of the party but for the rights of the people.
The total number of youths from Mizoram who have applied for the army has reached 6000 in the past three days.
The letter was signed by MPCC Working President James S. Lyngdoh.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has allowed the UDP to nominate another candidate and has nominated Bah Synshar as the party's candidate. which shall be judged in the morning.
Shillong, March 14: The Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the Sohmarit Seed Production Plant at Sambrak, North Garo Hills District. the Horticulture Hub.
According to the report, there are three recommendations, the first recommendation is on the ownership of the land, as you know there is a lack of clarity on all sides who owns this land and who they don't have the islands and they don't own the land.
The union has received information that since 2013, the doctors of the civil hospital have written to the authorities to appoint OT technicians in the hospital from specially trained persons. However, the authorities have not done anything in this regard so far.
On the opening day of the school, the Women's Church under the leadership of Bah Boldness L Nongum also distributed booklets and books to the students of the school.
The aim should be to bring all the groups and those involved in these activities together in one place, the Children’s Minister said.
Employment policy.
He is currently studying for a Master Degree in Tourism and Travel Management at Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
Jowai, July 04: The JSU Laskein Block Circle today visited the Laskein CHC for the preparation of medical equipment for the treatment of covid 19 and other diseases.
In wishing you a happy New Year, the party also prays to God to protect and protect our country and nation from all evils and enemies, and also, to bless us. and to fill the spirit of patriotism and nationalism among all the children of Jaintia Hills and the Bri U Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
He said the people want change and that change will be that the election will be clean and this election will now be clean with the action of this government of Narendra Modi to change the money.
The filmmakers said that many parts of the film will be shot in Meghalaya, especially in these parts of Ri Khasi.
On this occasion, Bah Lyngdoh urged the leaders and the people to follow the example of this freedom fighter who stood on his own firm foundation.
This shows that even the districts which have been allocated since 2012 until now, the works have not reached anywhere and even the offices of the DCs have to stay open and the funds have not been received properly.
B Marboh and other professors, elders and civil society organizations who have worked hard to achieve this aspiration of the people, and especially the Dorbar Shnong Wahiajer which has donated 6.46 hectares of land for this good cause.
We feel that this action of the CRPF and the Shillong Municipal Board has also violated the provisions of the Meghalaya Water Act, 2011 which prohibits any activities that could further damage the river.
Shillong, November 07: A total of 77 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 63 in West Jaintia Hills and 4 in West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 1 The total number of cases is
In his speech, Bah Lambor congratulated the ASHAs and Aganwadi workers for their great contribution in the government's fight against the disease.
The union will work for the enforcement of their rights in terms of payment.
The meeting was also attended by the Dalloi of Nongtalang, Dalloi of Darrang and the Sordar of Raid Mukertila. area.
On the other hand, the spokesman of the ANVC(B) said that the party wants him to join the peace talks and they are ready to welcome him. The GNLA has been fighting for peace in Garo Hills.
Examples of this may be mentioned as the word 'phatok' should be replaced by the root words 'byndi' and 'along'; The word 'lait' is the light from the electricity which is a proverb that can be translated by the word 'dingshai' which has been introduced into society and is understood by the public.
Shillong, July 06: Bah Spiton Kharakor today launched the first Khasi Alamak published by the SRKBH at a meeting held at Dalariti Visual Art Umsohsun. Shillong has three months.
On the other hand, the NEC has noticed that in recent months there have been announcements of appointment and resignation, these announcements are false and fraudulent by using the office of the North Eastern Council.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MLA Ngaitlang Dhar said that in fact, the block was scheduled to be opened today, but for some reason, the Chief Minister has decided to open the block. Dr Mukul Sangma has postponed the meeting.
The tournament started on the 10th of November and ended today.
He said that the project through SPIKAP, UNDP and SGP has been implemented in the areas of the villages which have four sacred laws.
At this meeting, there was a strong discussion and they decided to go to the Supreme Court with one voice on the issue of land.
Sangma on charges of involvement in the rape of a child in the area.
In another development, the Election Commission of West Jaintia Hills District said that the public can report to these numbers if they find anyone distributing money or drugs at 03652-221980/0 -220711.
The Prime Minister also spoke about other leaders who have passed away in the past six months.
After inspection, the DCA Minister said that the District Council does not have the authority to accept the bill and the government has already submitted the bill to the KHADC. Shillong. , Jymmang 08: There is no other way but to introduce and declare the Instrument of Accession and the provisions of the Annexed Agreement dated 17th August 1948 in the Constitution of India under Article 370 of the Constitution of India. the Constitution of India as part of the protection of the nation.
He said that in 1980, after Umtring was recognized as a full village, nine Rangbah Shnongs did not investigate at all and they alleged that it was only when Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew was elected that they There is no doubt that the Sanad issued by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima is his own Sanad.
Many of the shopkeepers have complained about this robbery by the robbers who have robbed people who didn't take care of themselves when they went to the market and many of them These robbers are mobile phones and money.
The work has gone on despite some difficulties that cannot be avoided.
Therefore, stand firm, O Son of the Bri U Hynniewtrep, against this highway which will be the graveyard of the son of Kari.
It has been handed over to the DCs and SPs to ensure that the law does not take action against those who commit crimes.
Leaders of the Khasi Hills Bazar Bus Association (KHBBA) on receiving information about the incident immediately went to meet the CEO of the Municipal and also the Superintendent of Police (Traffic) East Khasi Hills. The CEO of the Municipal has directed the Association to arrange with the officials of the department in charge of the parking lot at Mawlong Market.
On the other hand, one of the members of the BFI, SK Shandil, praised the shading and the organization of the tournament.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Catholic Church has set aside the month of Naiwieng to pray and remember the souls of the deceased believers. and every 2nd November of each year the blessing of the cemetery is held in Laitumkhrah Parish.
He said that for the first time, when they went to provide this information, they found that many houses were locked and this prompted the HLC to take this decision to do so again. notice to the persons allowed in the area and they shall respond to the Municipal within one month.
Jowai, June 02: The FKJGP of Bataw and Dr Sanky Shangpung MDC of Bataw constituency have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth to inform him that there are vehicles that have been stolen. The incident occurred at Rymbai Bataw Borkhat Jalalpur Road at midnight.
“On the one hand, the EC has many tasks and issues that the committee will be able to work on in the future and now the people will know all about the major decisions of the EC,” he said. EC through this channel the information to the public will be accurate, he said.
New Delhi, Jymmang 26: Chief Election Commissioner Sunil Aroraalong together with members of Election Commissioners Ashok Lavasa and Sushil Chandra on Tuesday met with the President of India, Ram Nath Govind. The names of the newly elected MPs to the 17th Lok Sabha have been submitted to the President.
The winners were Abigail Donna Shangpliang who came second, Harshit Surana who came second and Saanchi Chettri who came third.
Shillong, Lber 02: UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh today said that “there is no difference of opinion within the party, what they have is only a difference of opinion”. .
It is the duty of each and every one of us to take care and ensure that the seeds or tree trunks we plant on Environment Day or other days should survive , grow and grow so that the purpose will be achieved long victorious and equal.
On receiving information about this incident, the union has been looking for ways and means to help the family who suffered this tragic incident. .
From 24-Sutnga-Narwan, Hopingstone Bareh INC, 3065.25-Sutnga Nongkhlieh, Richard Sing Lyngdoh IND, 2038.26-Sumer, Philip Tagliang INC 2028.27-Saipung, Arbor Hima Darnei INC. found- Lakadong, Joinriwell Pyrtuh INC, 2494.
The Khasi Jaintia Churches Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has urged the candidates contesting the sworn elections to serve the people with integrity and freedom from corruption.
In this regard, the CMD said that he will talk to the state government to ensure that the workers should get this benefit, but it is up to the state government to take. he decided.
The dairy farmers said that this announcement without consultation has caused a huge loss to the cow farmers as they have to feed and feed their cows for thousands of tyngka per day if less. They don't raise cows but if they raise more cows, they lose lakhs of rupees.
Thomas Passah said that according to the notification of the Central Government on 1st July 2016, the personal interview has been abolished in 23 states of the country.
What the government is preparing now is to find ways and means that will not affect the income and at the same time will not affect the environment.
Shillong, Nailur 03: Shillong Police have taken to court the arrested persons from Mawlai and the court has ordered the police to remand them for seven days. .
At these meetings, it was explained to the public that the use of plastic bags affects the drinking water, this affects the people and also the wildlife in the rivers.
The NEP 2020 will be implemented and in the coming months we will be able to clarify on this issue and the meetings and involvement of various educational institutions in the state.
New Delhi, Naitung 22: The Union Government has launched a new scheme known as the National Mission on Food Processing (NMFP) in the 12th Five Year Plan which started from 2012-2017 through the State Governments and to the Union Territory.
The Sordar of Mawryngkneng Pyllun, Bah Peter J Lawai, while leading the media to the site of the construction of the Power Sub Station 33.11 Kw, said that the village has requested the government to strengthen the electricity supply in the village.
The Congress party, which is in power in the state government, has the power to appoint one MDC and this will leave the Congress party with 15 MDCs. population.
There are some complaints by the tax collectors against the truck drivers and the CEM of KHADC after seeing these incidents in the media has called us to talk to us.
Shillong, June 19: U Bah Vincent H Pala MP of 1-Shillong and Secretary General of the MPs of the North Eastern Region of India has sent a letter to the Prime Minister of Meghalaya. India to convert the road from Umtyra in Meghalaya to Lubang to Anglong in Assam.
He said that as the leader of the HNLC, the Government wants to follow the path of the law while the HNLC wants to follow the will of the Government.
He said that this finding of the BJP came after the party through its leaders went to meet the people in the villages especially in the rural areas. The people are especially poor.
The third area of ​​consensus was related to digital skills.
At the time of writing, police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
This includes further development of testing requirements.
The meeting was attended by doctors from Civil Hospital Shillong and SSA officials. On this day, 118 people registered.
Police have now held special meetings to discuss the incident and to take new measures to ensure that such an incident does not happen again.
If the investigation team finds that there has been such an act on the part of the Governor, he should be punished and if there is no such accusation, those who accuse him should also be punished according to the law. be clean and let the law do what is right.
The Dandi March which started on 12/3/2021 will end on 05/4/2021, the Chief Minister said that the Dandi March is important because of the The country will celebrate its 75th Independence Day.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the two-day closure of the dam is due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 especially in Shillong.
In Shillong, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has erected a statue of him in front of the Civil Hospital Shillong as a sign of remembrance of him.
In the absence of such an Act, it will affect the essence and uniqueness of the nation.
Police said that after receiving a tip, they conducted a search operation with the Traffic Branch of Khliehriat Police Station on Tuesday night at 1:00 pm. Police have seized 191.88 grams of Yeba Tablets weighing 191.88 grams from a vehicle.
Shillong, November 09: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today held a meeting at the MLA Hostel to discuss many of the issues faced by the state and to urge the government to take action on them. problems faced by the people.
In a letter of complaint sent today, Bah Lyngdoh said that there are seven government colleges in the state, Tura Government College, Tura under the College of Teachers Education, Rongkhon, Rongkhon West Garo Hills District, Sohra Government College, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District, Captain W A Sangma Government College Baghmara , in Baghmara South Garo Hills District and Williamnagar Government College, in Williamnagar East Garo Hills District.
On the 14th, November, 2024, the road will be closed during the race at Sohra.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Euginson Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to the state government especially to the tourism department for their support to the club in order to take part in the tournament. The support of the State Government is an opportunity for the children to develop their talents.
Williamnagar, Naitung 19: Police in East Garo Hills today raided the hideout of Area Commander Jimmy Momin of the GNLA. The place is known as Bansamgre.
The Hynniewtrep people still have strong traditions about the establishment of Hima and the existence of Syiems and Doloi, but the surprising thing is that India itself does not have its own culture and history. on the name of my country which most of them want to call Bharat or Hindustan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Royal CC beat TNT Sputnik CC by four runs in the NEC Platinum Jubilee Cup T-20 Cricket Tournament held at Polo on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) on Tuesday said that the appointment of ministers in the government will be up to the parties in the government.
The inspection was also to hear the problems faced by the health workers from time to time and at the same time the officers of the department also discussed how to improve the health facilities and how to improve the health facilities.
He said that due to the darkness, criminals have taken advantage of drugs, robbery and this has put the people in danger. To prevent this, there is a need to have more street lights and You can install a solar light.
When it comes to the mining of uranium, the state government has made it clear that there will be no uranium mining. good.
Fairson Kharjana urged the government to think again because last year only the syllabus was reduced and there was no selection, while now they have to teach 100% of the syllabus only. They have requested the government to allow the students to write the final without writing selection.
“From now on, while you are studying, you should find out in advance about the UPSC, MCS, IAS, IPS, IFS, etc. examinations.
Shillong, March 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today met with the Minister of Education, Rakham Sangma to discuss the shortage of teachers in government schools in West Khasi Hills District. hills.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that talks will be held with the Central Government to provide financial assistance to Bangladesh for the preservation and maintenance of this famous site.
The school authorities immediately telephoned the mother of the child to send for her child.
Minister Duh said that the health resources in Assam and the North East have received a new impetus as the region has received its first AIIMS and Assam has received three new medical colleges.
There was also a special section on the contribution of the freedom fighters from the North East.
As the family has tried from time to time to provide assistance to this health centre, as this hospital has tried to provide for the needs of this health center.
AMSSASTA is in the midst of doubts whether the state government has invested its share as the salary of SSA teachers is shared between the central government and the state government in the calculation. The ratio is 90:10, said President Last Marngar.
After receiving clarification from the Executive Committee, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne rejected the amendment proposed in the House and after rejecting it when it was put before the House, the House accepted it. bill.
Bah Sohtun said that he has no complaint against the construction of the road for the benefit of the people but what has been done by the Assam government after implementing the development works. This is an issue that the Meghalaya government has to look into.
This violates the rule of 'Maintenance of Efficiency in Administration' as mentioned in Para 1 of the Policy,” said Bah Saiborn. Jaintia.
On the other hand, the union said that there are other issues, besides the prospective implementation of the Roster, there are other issues that these days, the union does not agree with the Reservation Policy, one of the issues is from the end where there is a beginning to appoint the remaining those groups of any.
"“Pastor, go ahead on your journey.
To provide for the registration of employees under the Work Permit Scheme.
The residents of Shillong, especially the Hindu believers, greeted each other with a colorful ceremony.
"“At the age of 18 to 21 years, young people should still focus on their education while the Government is interfering with us and now we can no longer focus especially those who are studying in Class-12 and in Degree Level.
He added that work is currently underway on 90 such projects.
If it has not been released, why can't the Meghalaya government talk to the Indian government to release it?
He said that the desire to speak and write only in foreign languages, they forget to write in their own language, this is the main reason in this present generation.
Dr Marbaniang said that the Civil Hospital Shillong is unable to accommodate many patients per day due to the lack of machines and beds at the hospital. in connection with dialysis.
Manoj Kumar said that at the 'Mann Ki Baat' program on 24th November 2023, the Prime Minister urged the people of the country to come and buy Khadi products on Gandhi Jayanti.
Because as they see and know clearly that everyone can use RTI and there is no need to get permission from the Rangbah Shnong or anyone higher, but if you get the wrong one, you will be wrong. and there is no reproach but only praise.
He has lived a difficult life but he doesn't feel anything, what he has done has brought happiness to the nation,” said Thabah.
If anyone has any information please contact the following telephone numbers 8575063501/9612775699/0
After the ceremony, the people were allowed to hold their prayers on this holy hill.
In another incident, a mother has lodged a complaint with the police that Bah Starius Iawphniaw, has raped her 13-year-old daughter twice, on 8th July On the 13th July 2017, in the morning, he took his daughter to his house in Mawsaw village and committed the same act of rape. Police are now looking for him to arrest.
“On the idea of ​​the State Government to establish Sub-Divisional Levels, it will not bring about harmony between the Border Guard Force and the residents of the border areas,” said the union. The union will meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Pohing Department to discuss this issue.
The public hearing on the power plant will be held on 10/5/2023 at Bataw village in East Jaintia Hills District and on 12/5/2 the village of Trangblang.
At present, the party has seen that they have improved financially, they have improved the number of members especially the ability of the party to purchase new weapons, even if they have to go through any However, the party has not stopped working hard to revive the Jaidbynriew from the oppression, the oppression by those forces from within and without.
According to this view, it is clear that the gods and goddesses of the country are together to protect the people who will come and go on that day in peace and harmony.
On this day, he was welcomed by his supporters.
CSWO, TUR, FKJGP, KSU, KWADA together with 20 villages have come together, said Angela Ryngad. She said that even the Lyngdoh of the area has also come forward. to oppose this request of the government as this land acquisition is against the customs and traditions.
Do they think that we are Pakistanis or Bangladeshis and cannot get the rights as allocated by the Central Government? Does the NOC for road construction include the NOC for mining uranium? If the NOC to mine uranium is yours, what is the reason behind the protest against the construction of the road for the benefit of the people? The Uranium Road (UCIL) from Wahkaji to Mawthabah has been completed.
The Seng is surprised to see that foreigners are allowed to do business and work freely in Upper Shillong without regard to the rules and regulations implemented by the Upper Shillong. The State Government and also without respecting the authority of the District Council for Trading License and Labor Licence.
According to residents of the border area with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills, the helicopter flew lower until the people on board the helicopter could be seen shooting. The Umngot River and its surrounding areas such as the Nongtalang area and parts of Bangladesh.
On the part of NK Vasu, Chief Conservator of Forest and Director of Kaziranga National Park, he expressed his gratitude to WTI for providing this assistance to this area.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister congratulated all the Dorbar Shnongs who have worked with the government in the fight against COVID-1
On the police website, only 11 districts have been named, while the state has 12 districts, according to the Deputy Inspector General of Eastern Police and Western Range and District Superintendents of Police.
Whether in cities or towns, it is important to renew that sense of caring and sharing.
The union also expects that the Hon'ble Courts in the state will implement this order of the Hon'ble Court of India in order to ensure the rights of all those who have faced Therefore, I would like to ask you to take action against such a disaster and also to warn and prevent such wildlife activities from spreading in the society in the future. in great danger in these days.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The shortage of water supply from the PHE department to the public has caused problems to the residents of Ladthadlaboh.
Tomorrow, the match will be between KSU Nongthymmai Circle and KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit at 12 noon and KSU Mawlai Circle against KSU Sohiong Circle at 2 pm.
It may be recalled that Bah Bindo is one of the oldest members of the KHADC and has been the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. On the other hand, the NPP has appointed its party representative as MDC, Bah Octomewot Lamin.
The tender for the second phase of the road from Km 120.200 to Km 171.455 has been completed and the letter of acceptance of the contract has been issued on 02.02.2024 according to letter No.25914 and the price it is T.122.99 crore.
The arrival of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai), MDC Mawkynrew Constituency was welcomed by the residents of Mawkathein Village from both sides of the Village Road. far faces that i smile smile smile mat.
On the part of the mother of Bah HS Shylla, she expressed her gratitude to the people who attended the meeting.
On the same day, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District will also honor the students of the area who have passed well in various examinations from SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marbut Dkhar said that during the meeting, the Minister promised that the office of the Mawlai Block should be located within the border of Mawlai. The block will be opened once it has been completed according to the requirements as the Mylliem block has to be divided.
The country has faced many challenges over the years, but in the last four years he has seen that there are some groups who have tried to attack the weaker and such are here. there but such groups should be dealt with strictly.
The training was conducted by Rev.B.Lymdem, Pastor in charge of the area. Bah Seiborlang Mynsong, Secretary SELD and many others welcomed the participants. The training was conducted by Bah DL Nongspung, President SELD who is also the owner of Urlong Tea IVSC Ltd Mawlyngot.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Meghalaya Police have arrested a major victory in the fight against insurgents in Garo Hills, especially the GNLA. General Secretary Dalbin N Marak, Chief Leader of the party.
Earlier this year, Sohtrun and Lakadong shynrai from the state were exported to the Middle East.
The Forum has learned that the Government of Assam through the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has been implementing this road since the beginning of 2019 through the Central Scheme.
Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion, the Minister, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the avoid many car collisions.
Prestone said that in the past years at the old price the government has collected only T 6 crore and now there is hope that it will increase.
The email, after investigation, was found to have been sent from a person who said, “I have already planted bombs in all the courts of India.
To achieve this, the Government has paved the way for private entities to participate in climate-related activities through the 2020 climate reforms.
He urged the KHADC to continue to hold such festivals. This festival is to promote traditional dances and at the same time to encourage the youth to showcase their talents to the world. They are related to the traditional dance of the villages and areas of this Khasi Hills where the Mawbyna are scattered.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that the robbery of the mobile shop inside the market and Lumdiengjri police have come to investigate and the extent of the robbery is not yet known. get an accurate estimate as the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has now had to deal with the sale and purchase of food items in the market to ensure that the food items arrive. to all the villages.
After this, the Chairman of the Committee of the Tymmen of the San Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh.Skor Jala, welcomed the guests. words of thanksgiving, prayer, and supplication to the Lord God to pour out the blessings that abound to all.
The MoU was signed by Dr Bimal Patel, Vice Chancellor, RRU on behalf of the RRU and Lt Gen PC Nair, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, PhD, Director General, Assam Rifles on behalf of the Assam Rifles.
Many of the residents don't know who has improved the implementation of this road and they think that it is from the government department through the PWD road, but when you see in these days that the part has not been implemented in the completion of the road. although after a long time since the chess years were played.
Police said Sangma was caught by an elephant while searching for the elephant near the houses of his neighbours.
The BSF from the BSF 172 Battalion conducted a search operation on receiving a tip that there were people walking through the forest to flee to Bangladesh.
He also reminded that the KSU Bengaluru has three main issues now and they are, to unite and strengthen the education of the Khasi children, to preserve and strengthen the culture and traditions of the Khasi people. Khasi, don't have your own Meghalaya House.
She also appealed to the public to download the Sachet App to get immediate information on any issues related to the environment in the state.
Judo will start on Sunday at Laban SC Indoor Stadium while Karate will start on Monday at SAI Training Centre. NEHU: Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Meghalaya State BJP today strongly condemned the statement of TMC Minister Akhil Giri on charges that he insulted the President of India Droupadi Murmu who made history. that it is the first ethnic group to reach this level which is an example for millions of ethnic groups in India.
The Central Bureau of Communication, under the Department of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India will hold an exhibition where people can learn about the films.
On the other hand, the Governor said that the mother is the breadwinner of the family and from the mother she receives many valuable lessons.
Shillong, July 28: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
On another issue related to the illegal entry of mynder, the KSU has asked the government where the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 has gone? This has prevented the government from implementing the Act when the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has returned the Act to the State Government.
Other members of the committee include Amit Shah, Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Ghulam Nabi Azad, former Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha.
He said that the problems related to the implementation of the law in the state for more than 50 years are due to the lack of adequate schools to provide training and knowledge about the law.
Many mothers came to take part in the celebration of Women's Day.
In another incident, the BSF in collaboration with the South West Khasi Hills District Police have arrested a Bangladeshi while he was trying to flee from India to Bangladesh. to seize up to 80 bottles of English.
Railway Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw Ji is also on his way to the scene.
The JSU cannot accept the demand to move the PWD Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
Shillong, November 07: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today decided that if the BJP government has the authority to pass the CAB, 2019, it will not be able to pass the CAB, Appeal to the Supreme Court for appeal.
This is the victory of the Hynniewtrep people and the North East as a whole.
“Both these grounds have benefited the youth of the village and therefore I appeal to the residents to take good care of this ground and strive to improve it as much as possible,” said the Head of NEEPCO. We are ready to work together to do other good deeds especially to provide the necessary assistance schemes,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Along with the rest of the world, Meghalaya today celebrated the importance of forest conservation and the theme of this year's celebration is “Forests are food and health".
The rally has called for a Black Flag Peace Rally to condemn the violence of the state government to take away the life of Bah Cheristerfied Thangkiew. The state government has not yet asked for clarification on the killing by the police.
On the same day, the leaders of JAC Wapung C&RD Block, tried to find out the reason for the relocation of the office which has been in existence for a year. When we tried to call the Block Development Officer in charge of the block, he did not answer the phone. We tried to send him a message via whatsapp but he did not answer.
The Senior Most Citizens were also awarded by Samla Kitborsing Lyngdoh, Genl.
The Chief Minister said that a team from IIT Guwahati will arrive next month to start inspecting the collapse of the Dome of the newly constructed Legislative Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
At this time, a motorcycle (ML14-8862) driven by Dechrang T. Sangma (23) of Damalgre who was coming from Garobadha collided with a motorcycle. They both came to the bridge of Chimesenggre.
Adrian recalled that it was through the Congress party that Ampareen became a government minister. To speak against the MPCC president is incomprehensible because Pala as president has done the duty according to democracy.
Shillong, June 19: A truck (NL-02-N-4222) overturned near Lumshnong village on Saturday morning.
They also expressed their wish that the Government of India should open a Council for non-party indigenous governments to protect the rights and customs of parties and political parties. (political parties) who try to mushlia only for the benefit of the party of a few.
“On this occasion, Bah Metbah inaugurated the stadium at Nongkhlaw which was named after Pa'iem Tirot Singh at a cost of T.41.71 lakh.
Mawsynram, March 18: The UDP Mawsynram constituency today welcomed the joining of Bah Tamdorlang Risaw and more than 100 supporters who joined the UDP party. UDP Mawsynram Vice President Bah Rymphang Wansai was also present on the occasion.
The training will open on the 20th of this month with the participation of 15 army chiefs from Myanmar and 16 from India.
On this occasion, the DGP of Meghalaya also congratulated the BSF personnel and their families who have given their service to protect the border of Rid. .
It is truly the age of social media because it has dominated everyone.
The District Level Price Monitoring Committee headed by the DC of East Khasi Hills has convened a meeting to look into the price of mur in the market. wall.
At the same time, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has ordered that during the Christmas holidays, people should wear masks when going to public places, be clean, avoid the place where there is no crowd.
In a statement, Lakhon Dkhar, General Secretary of the BJP West Jaintia Hills District, said that this is to express the wishes of some party leaders who want to remove the President. .
The mitti collected from each village was mixed in blocks and later taken to the national capital, and a meeting was held to send them to the national capital along with thousands of AmritKalashYatris.
Shillong, August 11: Police of Rynjah Traffic Branch have arrested Pynlambor Kharmawphlang for driving under the influence of alcohol. 185 MV Act and the case was heard by the Ld.
Shillong, July 29: Professors of the Center for Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Bangalore, have expressed their surprise and surprise because they have never heard of the existence of This was announced at a meeting between Dr S Japhet, Professor & Director, Center for Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, Bangalore, Bangalore. and u  Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Chairman, The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
This extension will be in all districts of Meghalaya for the benefit of the people of the state.
After the discussion and exhibition of their skills, the tournament ended with a march from Madan Weiking, Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Motphran, Stand Jeep, Garikhana, Jaiaw Langsning and Mawli. end at Weiking Square.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Meghalaya Police have arrested a NDFB cadre from Assam.
That is why his son and now his grandson have taken over as rulers of the country.
Bah Boldness also congratulated the managing committee of the school for taking the decision to open a Science Stream course within the school and this will help a lot to the students. poor families who cannot afford to send their children to study outside the village.
It is learned that the KSU of Ri Bhoi District has lodged a complaint against the construction of the railway line in Khasi Hills.
The HYC has written that the ILP should be implemented in the state to preserve the land of the Khasi people. writings which have spoken on the subject of the nation.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that these decades were not very great at that time but they laid the foundation for the next 25 years which led to the independence of the country in
Speaking to reporters in front of the Governor's House after the meeting, the President of the party, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that during the meeting, the Governor phoned the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma is currently in Garo Hills and will visit Shillong to discuss the issue.
Aiboklin Rina, Badalin Kharbyngar and Diana Jyrwa won the gold medal while Jeremy B. Rangad won the fourth place.
There are 100 cases, 19 cases in hospital, 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 17: Shillong Police today on receiving a tip that there are suspected drug traffickers in Lachimeire have sealed up the area and arrested six persons and arrested six persons. ali three bikes.
The confirmation cannot be known until you can fall inside.
Jijutsu, which is more difficult and dangerous than judo, is taught to soldiers and security forces in many countries around the world.
During the meeting, they asked the Prime Minister to meet with Union Defense Minister Amit Shah.
There were 21611 private candidates, 3029 males and 2833 females, 2709 males and 2617 females.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow, July 19,
The purpose of this meeting was to get the views and opinions from all the States and Union Territories of the country on the development of tourism and to have face-to-face discussions with the States on schemes, policies and step taken for the promotion of tourism in the country.
The police should clarify to the public how many cases of rape have not been arrested or chargesheet against the robbers because in the investigation we have seen that there are such cases of rape of children and children which the police have not arrested. The arrest of 10 suspects has been reported in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 25: A public meeting was held at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw today to protest against the rape of women and children.
On the occasion of the opening ceremony, tablets (mTAB) were also distributed to the students who are waiting for the HSSLC results of the college. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, has distributed these mTABs to the students.
Rita Hajong LDM EWKH.
“If they (the Police) continue to violate the agreement today, we too will not hesitate to take action.
Member Parliamentary Advisory Committee on Defence.
Apandanka scored 6/40 in the first innings and 11/85 in the first innings.
As a condolence, the CEO and Executive Engineer visited the home of Bah Marshall and also met with his wife and relatives to express their condolences.
“There are challenges in such cases because we get to host this tournament.
If you said yes how would you feel.
There is a difference between the information provided by the JHADC and the figures received from the RTI copies received.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Willbert Rani President of FKJGP said that the three organizations demand that the government should arrest those involved. The government should do this within 24 hours.
There are 166 Durga Puja pandals in Meghalaya, 92 in Khasi Hills and 67 in Shillong and RI Bhoi District. There are 11 pandals, 9 in Jaintia Hills, 54 in Garo Hills and 24 in Tura.
“As a result of the discussions, we have agreed to go to the two stages of the struggle.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased expressed their gratitude to all the civil society organizations who came to help the family in this tragic incident, without naming anyone but congratulated them all.
She said the ban on the sale of fish started in Assam and after that, after Food Safety Officers found formalin injection in 30 fish sampled. A ban on the sale of fish for 15 days has been imposed.
The Government has a goal to curb all crime in the state and the setting up of many police stations in different parts of the state is to make the people aware that they should “There is a fear of the law and they should respect the law. The important thing is that the people should respect the law,” said the Chief Minister.
The letter was sent to the Prime Minister, Vice President, HRD Minister, Home Minister, Law Minister, Finance Minister, Cabinet Secretary, Home Secretary, Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Sonia Gandhi, Chairperson UPA and AlCC President. The same copy was also sent to the Governor, Chief Minister and Minister in charge of Education.
States should ensure that the precautionary dose of Covid vaccines is increased and that they provide information about this to the community.
It is learned that at the time of the blast, there were no people in the house as the school children who lived in the house had left for their villages due to the curfew.
Between 96 crore and 15 crore, how can a nation of only 15 lakh survive, survive and survive to this day, if it were not for the plan of God?
If we want to see change in our areas of the country it must start with me.
Through the protest, we have received the Fourth Pay and Fifth Pay Commission but we have received it peacefully because we have protested before,” said Babu Nongsiang.
The union also appealed to the authorities in charge of the checkpoints to check carefully those who enter the state from inside and outside the state, especially those who enter the state.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the extension of the age limit for teaching is to teach. There is a need for other trainings besides the education of the youth.
Police sources said that the driver of the vehicle fled the scene and left the vehicle. Police have seized the truck and registered a case against it.
At the same time, she also praised the work done by the media in these years and now there are digital media which have made it easier for the people to access information.
A total of 3006 pharmacies across the States and UTs were connected via internet for the opening ceremony.
Bimal Borah, Minister of Industry, Government of Assam attended the meeting.
We are only a student organization and when we want clarification we come directly during the day.
The country's National Covid-19 Vaccination Strategy has been developed in a systematic and comprehensive manner, which has been strengthening research with the authorities since June
Another person has been arrested in connection with the IED blast on the 9th of this month at Them ïew Mawlong, police said on Tuesday.
When natural resources are all around us, we should conserve them, as it were.
There are 35,980 new registrants between the ages of 18 and 19, 9,051 who have been removed due to migration or death and those who have corrected their names and addresses. 23,224 people.
Therefore, I invite you all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to join us on this day.
The Bread Centre was inaugurated and handed over to the Village Leaders by Samla James H. Mawphniang, Assistant General Secretary KSU CEC who was the chief guest.
The party also urges the MLAs and MDCs especially those from the border areas with Assam to force the state government to take this border issue before the central government so that the central government can consider the issue of the state. Assam and then to get a proper and stable border, because the lack of a proper border has caused the authorities of Assam to invade and attack as the days go by.
However, recently, the threat and danger in the State of Meghalaya is the rape of children, which is a great idea for the city as a whole.
He said that before the ILP issue was discussed in the dorbar, the HSPDP members had already talked to the CEM to accept the resolution on the ILP, and the CEM promised to take action on the demand of the HSPDP. He said that the CEM and the Executive Committee have taken care only of the Village Administration Bill.
In this regard, it was also warned that if anyone makes a mistake by identifying himself with a false identity, he may face severe punishment.
If the government does not listen, they will hold an indefinite strike.
Rani said the party will ensure that the political parties should implement these promises made before the MLA elections 2018 and should not end up with election promises. or not to work with the threat that the party will take strong action if these political parties that come to power do not fulfill their promises.
On the other hand, the Seng expresses its regret that although the Shnong Shella from time to time produces youngsters who are talented in the field of Jngi Um.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Malki Circle has demanded the change of name of Dhanketi to Bull N Lyngdoh Road. Curse Circle.
Shillong, March 25: The Government of Meghalaya and NEEPCO in the presence of the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today signed a memorandum of understanding for the improvement of the Wah Umiam Hydro Electricity. Project (50 MW) Stage-I and Wah Umiam Hydro Electric Project (100 MW) Stage-II are located in Ri Bhoi District.
There was also a discussion in the Legislative Assembly to demand that the government should recognize this plant as an agricultural commodity as many people have cultivated it for food and to raise their children. hands to educate their children because the cultivation of this plant is only one year can be profitable.
It is not that they don't want to talk but they have their own feelings on the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Wahlang.
About 12,500 tree seedlings and 53 species of trees were planted on this day.
The village has informed the Deputy Commissioner of Thadlaskein Block and the BDO of Thadlaskein Block.
The union also understands that if we continue to investigate these issues, the time will not allow us to complain but to do our part if there is no responsibility from the relevant authorities.
“I hope to win medals abroad and bring fame not only to the State but to the country as a whole”.
If you read further you will understand that if you study geography, history and other social science subjects you will find that science and mathematics are the foundation of other subjects.
The Government has improved the procedures in place at that time by bringing confidence.
On the failure of the Congress, AITC, VPP and UDP, Ronnie said they need a strong government and they see that the presence of MLAs has not yet been achieved. thaw government.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Department of Social Work, Martin Luther Christian University has conducted a training on consumer rights at Mawrynkneng, Umtong and Mairang. in the West Khasi Hills.
The law enforcement agencies have taken action against them and arrested them today.
"He also urged the members to have a brave spirit, fearlessness, fearlessness and a spirit of never giving up to fight for the cause of the nation. The members of the organization should not be selfish.
, these are the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
On this occasion, Bah Khraw in front of the Returning Officer completed his duty and read out the pledge before the officer according to the Election Rules of India.
Speaking to the students, Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait, president of the union, said that teachers are the ones who take the place of parents because they spend most of their time with the teachers. that they should respect them.
This is a memorable day for the family members who attended this day to witness their ability to accomplish what is required after receiving the training to be in the This is the honorable job of being the leaders of the country.
Shillong is the capital of the state and the KSU feels that the authorities in charge of education should be in Shillong for the convenience of all.
The scheme will cover 75% and 50% of women and children aged 5 to 14 years respectively in rural and urban areas.
“Even the British government is strong, it cannot affect our land, it cannot destroy our customs. “The first part of the Standstill Agreement, the first part of the Standstill Agreement, the security of the country, the money, the information port and others will belong to the Central Government,” said Bah Pynshngian Deputy CEM. KHADC, said that after the signing of the Instrument Accession and Annex Agreement, in the terms of the agreement, it was clearly stated that forests, land and other property should be ours, even the judgment. , said that although there was no law of the Central Government, of the Assam Government at that time to empower to amend any laws which affected our customs and traditions and stood on the basis of non-affection. to our customs and traditions.
In the men's singles, Reynel Kharbuki won by defeating Stephan Marwein and both of East Khasi won the medal. In the doubles, Reynel and Prathan Majumdar defeated Banshabor by Eastern West and Ri-Bhoi. Lamare and Milk Cleaning.
He said that this will reduce the dropout rate of the children because only due to visual impairment and poverty, the parents of the children have dropped out of school.
Regarding the disappearance of Bah Teibor Kharbteng, 38, police said that his body was found in Upper Shillong today.
The officers were present on the occasion in the presence of DP Wahlang Additional Chief Secretary, Ida Nongrang, Head of Police, Dr. Andrew Simon, Commissioner Secretary, Legislative Assembly. Family members, wife, children and friends who were present to pay their last respects to the former Chief Minister.
The Cooperation Minister said India ranks first in the world in the pharmaceutical industry in the supply of locally produced drugs, vaccines and low cost HIV drugs.
The meeting also discussed the border issue which the party has taken up on the basis of the border between Meghalaya and Assam. The party congratulates the Prime Minister. He said that he has taken responsibility for this issue in which he has taken together all the political parties and the District Councils.
There are 92,234 recoveries in Ri Bhoi District, 93,832 people have tested positive for COVID-19 and 1,593 have died. after.
Shillong, July 27: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order that according to the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya, shopkeepers in Iewduh must close their shops whether they have Tika or Tika. who doesn't have Tika.
It is a problem at this time because of the lack of income,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The youths of Len Mawtap “A” village under Sohiong Community and Rural Development Block today demanded the removal of the Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya Government. Budsuk Syngoh and Block Chairman Elingsar Warjri, after it was found through RTI that both of them have misused public funds under the Pradhan Mantri Kshetra Kalyan scheme. Scheme (PMKKKY).
Shillong, March 26: The FKJGP today elected its new leader Wilbert Rani as its president and Bah Joe Marwein as its president. DP Khongsit as General Secretary of the party.
If the Congress party suddenly comes together to form a government, it is not understood that it is necessary to synrop with other parties.
Dr Mukul said the incident ha Mukroh has shown to the world not only in the state where four civilians have died in the incident and one is an employee of the Assam Forest Department.
All Head Teachers or Headmistresses of schools should encourage teachers to open bank accounts.
You don't need to enter.
Ranee Narah, Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Govt of India, on 8th and 9th April 2013 at New Delhi, on the draft agreement and the provisions of the IOA & AA, adopted by the Government of India on 17th August
He said that as soon as the government issued the order, there was a temporary suspension of the breaking of depei but now they have started again and no one is looking after this.
HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of the MSSASA, said that the forms will be filled up according to the format received from NIOS Headquarters, Noida. of optional subject code 509 or 510 as well as other subjects to be corrected.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: The time has come for the Governments of Meghalaya and North East to think again and pave the way for the establishment of mini power plants from water, rivers and through thermal power plants. or solar factories, which shall be installed and constructed in collaboration with the office of the Hima Khasi States, in the Hima Syiems, Lyngdohs, Dolloi, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Nokmas, on Kur Lands, Private Lands, in collaboration with the Power Dept, private sector, throughout the state of Meghalaya.
The presence of the NPP-led EC in the District Council in JHADC and the NPP-led state government has led to the expectation that the state government will release the shares of the JHADC. market for employee salaries.
Other parts of the market have been held in Guwahati, Tawang, Shillong, Gangtok, Agartala, Imphal and Kohima.
“If there is any new amendment to the policy, it will hurt the feelings of the Garo people, and it will not be for the benefit of Meghalaya as a whole.
He said that they are ready at any time if the work demands.
: The SKSLK Archdiocese Shillong, Zone-II together with the world celebrated the International Women's Day on Sunday at Divine Saviour's Church, Nongthymmai. Parish.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that seven members from the HSPDP and five from the UDP have been included as members of the RDA. after.
“The KSU will fulfill its duty to protect the country by any means,” said the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar in a statement sent today.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Lambok Rymbai Secretary KSU North Khasi Hills District said that on the night of the 15th of this month, there was a riot inside the house. Sumer and at this time the members of the party who were coming and going were eating at the place.
The Lok Jan Shakti Party, which won one MLA, the All India Trinamool Congress, which won one MLA and the independent MLAs have not yet decided whether to support the Congress or the BJP. The government now has four NPF MLAs and four NPF MLAs. Because in the 60-member House, there are 31 MLAs to form the government.
The Seng would like to congratulate all the brave men of the jaidbynriew who have worked hard to fight for this cause.
As the CEM of GHADC, he has struggled to reshape the GHADC by taking many measures and most importantly by removing the employees from the District Council.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The State Security Commission (SSC) today met to prepare for the recruitment of a Chief Superintendent of Police (DSP) for the post of Director General of Police (DSP) SK Jain IPS.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Commissioner and Secretary Political Department, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, said that the government is currently publishing the rule and once published it will be distributed to all the villages so that all the people can they should know this rule.
I don't know why, the question arises "Are there no workers? Or don't they know how to build, Or do they just build just to call the children that the light has come in the morning, because while the lip of the little children is sleeping.
On this occasion, he congratulated the people who have joined the Congress party and will start working from today to ensure victory in the upcoming elections. should be the power of money in the upcoming elections.
He said that if the spread of the disease cannot be prevented, the health system will collapse.
Other speakers at the meeting were Bah Sadon Blah of the HNYF, Bah D Khognsit of the HNYF. Shillong, Nailur 17: The Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Resources, Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar, in reply to a question by Amareen Lyngdoh, said that it is true that the Water Supply Department has issued a government notice and the installation of water pipes has been completed and implemented.
The HYC said that the author has written without any research or verification before publishing this book which may affect especially the students in their knowledge.
He said that many political party leaders have wanted to join the BJP and this is not only from one party but even the leaders of the ethnic parties have also wanted to join the BJP. The BJP will work hard to ensure the victory of the Congress in the MLA elections 2018 in the state.
He said that for the first time, under the Presidency of India, the Digital Economy Ministers of the G20 countries have come together on how to build digital public infrastructure (DPI) for the future.
This Bill will apply even to those MLAs who have won in the past. “Retrospective” of the expenditure for this will be the budget of the Government. the council of the synrai is still held.
The non-tax revenue this year is estimated to be T.742 crore, while the expenditure of the government in the current fiscal year will be T.22,022 crore. 17,186 crore in Revenue Expenditure and T.4,836 crore in Capital Expenditure.
The Vice President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) has expressed his gratitude to the members of the FKJGP who came to inspect the work.
In the Under-18 category, Eliciana Lyngdoh of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal.
“The political parties together with the state government have submitted a petition and expressed before Amit Shah that they strongly oppose the CAB, but the NPP's support for the CAB in the Lok Sabha is the biggest lie and we demand from the ethnic parties including FKJGP Vice President Eldie Newton Lyngdoh has urged the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and KHNAM to withdraw their support immediately from the NPP-led MDA government. which was this evening.
Prestone said the government has provided them with food when they arrive at the shelters.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that 192 people have recovered from the disease today, 90 from East Khasi Hills and 27 from Ri Bhoi. There are 76075 people in the country.
On the other hand, the people decided to give their full support to the HFU and also agreed to appoint office bearers in each village and township of the area to strengthen the demands of the HFU. Speeches were also delivered by the President of the HFU of Tynring, the President of the HFU of Mawiong Sung, Bah Ribadskhem Shadap and others.
In this regard, HITO has asked the Minister Bah Lahkmen Rymbui whether he knows what the IOA is saying about the unique history of the Khasi people. only the IOA and AA signed and accepted by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor-General of India and the Federation of Khasi States on 17 Aug
The MERCY HOME at Demthring, Shillong is a place of care for the elderly who will be cared for in their old age.
Like elsewhere, the villages and the Langpih area as a whole need development works and the distribution of electricity to the Langpih area is important and what the villagers have longed for.
In Yorkshire, Sunak won the Richmond seat and took responsibility for the party's defeat.
Bill-Aiñrew is a law that is still in preparation and needs to be reviewed before it becomes a full law to be implemented in the society of the state.
The meeting also decided to ask the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council to remove all the gates from the areas under Block I and Block II within Meghalaya.
To achieve the theme of this year's Women's Day, in his speech, Bah Pde urged that women should send their children to school. knowledge that can be promoted to higher positions.
It is for this reason that the soldiers could not fire 10 bullets into the air, and when they saw that this did not frighten the crowd, the soldiers opened fire again, which caused Marak to be seriously injured. He was immediately picked up by the people and taken to the village, where he died of serious injuries,” said the BSF chief. Bah Storgy Lyngdoh, a member of the HNLC, has been arrested for allegedly distributing demand letters to raise funds for the HNLC. Shillong, the city of Shillong.
The opening ceremony of the Silver Jubilee will be inaugurated by the former Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang who is also the MLA of the constituency. Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the flag will be inaugurated by Dr C Lyngdoh.
Jowai Jymmang 29: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body, after holding a CEC meeting to discuss and investigate the unfounded allegations against the Supreme Leader of the JYF, has unanimously decided to The Organizing Secretary (Mr.Esterwis Ryngkhlem) of the JYF has been suspended from the membership and office bearers of the JYF for insulting the President (PL Majaw) and the party itself. whole.
The SDMA today confirmed that six persons have died in South Garo Hills District, four of them from Baghmara Block, Gasuapara Block, Rangra. One person died in Baghmara Block and three others died in Baghmara Block.
He said that on this day, checks amounting to T.15 crore were distributed to the cooperatives in all 11 districts of the state. He said that only the hard work of all can make this project a success.
In a statement sent to the media, VPP President Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit said, “The news that has come out recently that the MDA Government has terminated the term of office of the Investigating Officers in The State Lokayukta office to protect the corrupt leaders of the NPP including the relatives of the Prime Minister should be strongly opposed by all the citizens of the state.
“I have been in politics for almost 40 years and I will retire soon and such things happen so I would like to clarify because I am ready for any investigation at any time," he said. also mention that he will retire after 70 years of age.
Police have conducted a search operation in the area to arrest the suspects.
The 24-year-old woman, who works as a nurse at GNRC Hospital Guwahati, disappeared from a house about 50 meters away from her workplace.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The National Highway Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has invited a tender for the construction of the Umsherpi-Tamabil road in four phases.
“There is no doubt that all the programs introduced by the Modi Government are impartial and Christians get the same share as others which shows that the BJP is looking after everyone without any discrimination. what is the distinction.
On the other hand, HANM under the leadership of the President of Byrnihat Branch has closed down the banks in the area for not celebrating the Nongkrem Festival which is a religious festival of the jaidbynriew.
Shillong Police on Friday registered a case and arrested a Scooty driver who hit a Class-XI student at St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong on Friday. Dos Bocso Technical School, Shillong.
“As soon as you pay the money to the grateful, you will not receive any more information from the grateful.
On the basis of this complaint, the police have arrested the suspects and the police are conducting investigation into the incident to find out the truth. all the roots.
The nine constituencies where they have to contest are Mokaiaw, North Shillong, Mawthadrishan, Mawshynrut, Mawryngkneng, Sohiong, Umroi, Sohra and Mawkynrew.
On this occasion, gifts were distributed to the chief guests as well as to the three contractors implementing the JJM scheme as well as the Cricket and Football training camps.
Titus Starwell Chyne, while bringing this decision in the House, said that the EC would like to thank the Dorbar Shnongs not only for working to help the government but many villages have raised the village funds to help the poor families. village in thaw.
, click here,  Higher and Technical Education, Cooperation Department, Health and Family Welfare department, Law Department.
According to sources, the mother of the child has lodged a complaint with the police that the father of Bah Henry has raped her daughter at home. stay.
In his condolence message, Dr Paul said he was deeply saddened to hear the news of the passing away of the former Governor of Meghalaya in Gurgaon and prayed that God will grant peace to the family. ha sem all.
From 9th – 30th July, 2023, the campaign 'MeriMaatiMeraDesh' will include programs to be conducted in villages and blocks, by village leadership groups as well as in the states and the country.
The Bhutanese researchers also met with the Chairman of the KHADC, Bah Charles Marngar, Executive Members including Fantin J. Lakadong and Carness Sohshang.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the turnout in 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency was 70.26% and in 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency was 69.31%. to rise.
“I personally support this demand of the MJACCV, at the same time I said that the government should call for talks immediately without delay and should not hesitate to bring about a solution. and the villagers and the farmers suffered greatly.
Besides the locals who come for treatment at the hospital, the GNRC also receives treatment from all over the country from neighboring states and even foreigners including Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar.
The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs said that it is the honor of India's first Multi-Wavelength Space Observatory (AstroSat) to detect light coming from a galaxy 9.3 billion light years away from Earth. .
The union strongly condemns the letter written by the Member Secretary of the MSPCB to the MoEF&CC and the union has sent the documents from the DC's office to verify the 280 cases. Shillong, July 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that the death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to The number of cases has risen to 750 so far in the state.
The HYC has claimed that the Ministry of Roads and Transports (MORT), Govt of India through the Special Accelerated Road Development Program for North East (SARDP-NE) has planned to improve the Nongstoin-Pambriew-Wahkaji road. - Mawthabah to Two Lane, the purpose of this road as stated in the Notification of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Government of India dated 5.7.2010 is for the improvement of the road. Uranium is found in Mawthawbah, Meghalaya.
He said that the CEM of KHADC has said that it has not been said how many illegal and permitted revenue collection gates there are.
In his welcoming speech, James said that the arrival of Bah Himalaya to the Congress party is a blessing to the party as a whole.
The villages that will fall under the new police station will be.
Shillong, November 16: Former MLA of Meghalaya, Bah Edward Kurbah, passed away today at the age of 83 at his home in Marbisu near St. Paul's School, Marbisu.
Meghalaya is also the state where the police have been used to do anything.
On the other hand, the president of the KSU said that the Central Executive Committee of the KSU has decided to implement the law to protect the jaidbynriew from the infiltration of of the people who are outside.
On this occasion, the Union Minister of State for Corporate Affairs, PP Chaudhary, MP of the Lok Sabha from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala were also present as special guests.
At this meeting it was decided to continue to investigate their demand and a decision will be taken later.
On the other hand, the BSF, which is responsible for guarding the border and the infiltration of foreigners, has arrested 10 people once they have crossed the border.
And 18.
During the meeting with the DC, the KSU leaders said, “If in other states, they are still building a pond to worship the gods in their religious struggle, why not here? We respect the nature and the hills and rivers and we don't want to see the Lukha River turn into the Umkhrah or Umshyrpi River in Shillong”.
The MIDC's responsibilities depend on the state government's allocation of funds, or when they receive from IDBI or SIBI they used to support MIDC in the past, but they too have now started to lag behind. help with money only for certain types of work.
“You don't have any signs of evil.
It is to be recalled that MSSASA has demanded to increase the salary of 4 teachers since 2013 which the government has ignored and ignored until now.
The purpose of the yatra is to provide information to the people and to convey the benefits of schemes such as sanitation, financial services, electricity, access to LPG cylinders, houses for low-income people.
He said that as equal leaders, they will not insult those who fight against them.
The bodies were taken to the Community Health Center of Khliehriat for post mortem.
The event will be inaugurated by the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture Deborah Ch Marak and on the closing day will be attended by the Governor Dr KK Paul and the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. MW Nongbri, Director, Government Department.
During the raid, they found byrni shini hidden inside the forest which was not used. These shini were seized and handed over to the police for further investigation.
The union alleged that this is for his own benefit, as if the development scheme is only for him and not for the village.
“You should also cooperate with the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in all matters.
Measures such as point-of-care testing, which is an early HIV test conducted in health facilities by trained health care providers, are necessary to ensure that quicker to the disease.
The BSF has deployed six pyrtons to patrol the polling stations on the border with Bangladesh. .
“The lack of appointment of teachers according to the student-teacher ratio has severely affected the education system in the district as a whole and is a discrimination against the students of these schools. " he said.
About 20 student organizations from the region attended the meeting which was held recently in Kohima.
We pray that God the Creator will be with them at this time when they are facing this tragedy in their homes.
They include Bah Biangki Phawa, 29, mother, Kong Pynjanai Ryngkhlem, 25, two children, Edyfy Ryngkhlem, 5, and Iwadaroi Ryngkhlem, years of age.
On the other hand, the police have urged the public not to buy illegal drugs.
The project includes the Lower Terminal Point (LTP), which is proposed to be constructed at Forest Nursery Rait Laban with a length of 11146.96 sq.m and a height of 838 meters. Room, Ticket Room cum Office, Store Room, Security Room, Waiting Area, Public Convenience and Parking Area.
It is this that has enslaved our nation to ride horses and fear.
The villages which have worked together are Laitkynsew, Nongwar and others with the participation of drivers, volunteer groups, resorts homestays to repair the road from Mawmluh to Mawshamok on Saturday.
In this regard, the Cabinet has spoken to ensure that these goods which the people need are available from time to time.
Shillong, June 06: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh today promised to the members of the KSU that he will look into how the land has been allocated to the Nagaland government. is in conflict with the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Science (NEIGRIHMS).
He said that most of the people in Meghalaya misunderstand that the BJP is a religious party of Hindus, but think and know that no party has any religion, if the BJP looks only at Hindus then Why Christians are the leaders of this party, don't misunderstand.
He encouraged and urged the Seng Samla Hima and the Hima authorities to take measures to protect the village forests, as part of the protection of the kynbat. On behalf of the Nongspung Hima Youth Association, we would like to thank Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, State Planning Board, & Chairman, SPIKAP for coming to explain on this issue. He also requested him to find ways how to get treatment at CHCs, PHCs, or to get their own health centers with Khasi herbal medicines. Mr. M Rani, Acting Chief, Mr. D Syiemlieh, Mr. S Nongbet, Secretary, Mr. S Nongbet, President and other office bearers of the Nongspung Youth Association.
Lives with DD Meghalaya, through DIPR Facebook where people from all over the country can watch the celebration which will be held at JN Stadium.
Shillong, March 01: On the request of the state government to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to issue a No Objection Certificate for the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Ranikor. Bah HS Shylla has convened a meeting of MLAs, MDCs, Sengbhalang and village leaders from the area to discuss the issue.
Referring to the Congress party, he said that the Congress party has been declining in the past few days due to the struggle of each other to become big and they have forgotten the people of the state.
H Khyriem, a resident of Nartiang Constituency, said that after receiving from the media the petrol bomb blast at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Robert K.Jahrin General Secretary of the party said that the party will now distribute these books to all and to seek the opinion of the people on the issues. you can write.
BT Jyrwa President of the HNYF Women's Wing (HNYF) said that the HNYF has expressed its deep sorrow that such an incident has happened. depressed.
The fight to curb the spread of this disease is not only the government alone but the cooperation of all.
In the Miss Glamp Snap 2016, Sangeeta Das was the winner, Tenaaz Marak came second and Toshibenla Imshang came third.
The woman is the heart of the household and the father is the head of the household.
Dr. Chandra Kanta, Department of Geography, as a teacher to supervise the group and the judges were impressed by the skills of the students of NEHU. The Sat Paul Mittal National Inter-University (IAPPD) was organized by the Indian Association of Parliamentarians (IAPPD), New Delhi, with the aim of improving understanding and facilitating communication among students.
In this regard, the Urban Development Department has been directed to prepare this and after completion of preparation it will be sent back to them. make a decision.
The JAC South Lyngngam Border Area will give its full support to the UDP candidate Bah Pious Marwein for the Ranikor Constituency. Don't worry about MLA Election
The Congress leader said that according to the Pandemic Act 1897, the government is empowered to do whatever is necessary and the government will not be brought before the courts. he did not read the law carefully.
One of these major steps is the implementation of the PESA Act.
All the government departments involved in the construction of the Legislative Assembly from the Chief Secretary MS Rao, PWD, PHE, Design Associate, MUDA was attended by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Hamletson Dohlieng.
Shillong, November 07: Four coal miners have lost their lives in a tragic incident ha Briwar, Shillong. about 200 meters away.
On this occasion, we would like to congratulate the Paiem Prester Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima and the Dorbar, the Union of Sordar Shnongs who have invited us to the 179th Anniversary of the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh. .
He said that in the past years, the people of the state have begun to understand the importance and health benefits of drinking milk and other milk products and this has bring about a huge demand for milk production.
Rosemary as a woman and as a religious person.
One of the things that the government does is to liaise with the central government in any way, but now we will work with the larger states in order to encourage the larger states to The state will work with other states to get mutual information.
If all the 60 MLAs go to Delhi to protest, COMSO will also go to encourage them in the protest.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Lasforious Marngar, president of AMSSASTA, said the decision to hold the strike was taken because they have not received their salaries since June. They have already demanded that the government should release their salaries by the 20th of this month.
: The remains of Bah Standlington David Khongwir, were buried on Thursday amid a ceremony which shocked the public.
The meeting today sent a petition to the Government of India to clarify the social agreement on the three issues of the agreement on how to think or establish a basis for implementation of them. It has been in existence for more than 75 years.
Click here to watch the video shown during the media meeting of the Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah.
KSU Nongpoh Circle has planted 1000 trees in collaboration with schools in Nongpoh.
The BSF has arrested these smugglers but due to the forest area they managed to escape. The BSF have handed over the sarees to the Customs for auction. jaian who has been captured.
“To recall the ILP or Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 is an old issue that is still alive and well.
There are 66 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills, 28 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills and 4 from Ri Bhoi. , South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, West Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 13 cases, total recoveries 91548 cases.
Two of them are in critical condition, especially their mother.
Shillong, June 18: The FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone (Shella Area) strongly condemns the bloodthirsty and exploiters involved in the threat to the Rangbah Shnong of Shella Dorbar, Bah Tolmolin Youthbon through SMS on his mobile phone. In the past few months by writing in Nongwei and threatening to take the life of this Nongwei Shnong through sms. The Rangbah Shnong of the Jaitbynriew as a whole feels that such people who are also border residents have no right to interfere in the affairs of the village because the Rangbah Shnong is elected by the Rangbah Shnong. The people to look after the welfare and peace and stability of their own land and to prevent foreigners from entering according to the customs and traditions, which have been passed down since ancient times. maintain ownership in their own land.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government has held a meeting to discuss how to resolve the issues related to the use of funds from the SPV of Lafarge. Cement.
To understand this statement that the government returns the money at the end of the year is that the government does not have the money to sanction the schemes and if it cannot sanction from what has been allocated in the budget this it’s like flipping a coin.
After we allowed the bank to open, we sent a letter saying that we have received the reply of the bank, but with one mind we have decided not to. The bank has promised to take action and the union will not hesitate to take a decision to reopen.
The SDRF has worked closely with the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA) on receiving information that there has been a fire and this has been in collaboration with the state fire brigade.
“The strength and independence of the office of the Lokayukta depends on the clean and diligent performance of the Lokayukta who performs his duties properly as stipulated in the provisions of the Act,” she said. “This Lokayukta Act came into being and was passed after a long struggle by the citizens of the State.
It is the government that forces us to protest, not us.
The first exercise was held between the Indian Army. It is also planned that in the coming years there will be exercises with the Chinese Army and the Indian Army. Myanmar.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday thwarted an attempt by smugglers to smuggle into Bangladesh various items worth more than 11 lakh tyngka.
The scheme is known as the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission and under this scheme the State Government has allocated Rs 1,50,000 for a pond of 10,000 square feet and Of this, 60% will be funded by the state government, 25% will be paid by the beneficiaries and 15% will be paid in cash and completed within three years.
On the other hand, former GHADC CEm Denang T Sangma said the party has nominated a candidate for the election because they understand that they have enough MDCs to support the election. NPP to win the CEM election to be held tomorrow.
The descendants of Ma Kerios Wahlang are survived by four children, two sons and two daughters, a middle son who died earlier in 1998, along with about 17 grandchildren.
Many times the issues between these two states have been resolved peacefully.
Speaking on the Sowbhagya Yojna, which launched in 2014, he said that many villages in Arunachal Pradesh have received electricity for the first time since independence.
The Ministry of Tourism has signed an agreement with AirBnB to encourage the setting up of home stay accommodation.
On the other hand, the BSF has conducted special patrols for the purpose of the election.
The two children were identified as Endroklis Nonglang, 17, of Langja Kyrdum and Banshanbor Lyngkhoi, 15, of Phodumbah Rambrai.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 441 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. In West Garo Hills, 126 cases have been reported, while 4166 cases have been reported in the state.
India has achieved many achievements through initiatives such as “Make in India” and “Make for the World” and the theme for July reminds us of the initiatives we have taken together for a better future. full and strong.
The State Government, which held a review meeting on the collapse of the well at PA Sangma Stadium, Tura on Friday morning, found that the incident was caused by the blockage of the water supply system. near this well.
The President's visit to the Sukhoi 30 MKI fighter aircraft is part of her efforts to talk and establish contacts with the defense forces, as the head of the defense forces.
The Naharlagun railway line has been constructed near Itanagar, the capital of Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong, March 15: The three-day Puja festival of Hindus ended today with the offering of Durmot at Wah Umkhrah in Shillong and other districts of the state. the places which are set apart for the burning of idols.
“The PM Kisan Samman Yojana has helped 10,000 farmers by depositing T.6,000 directly into their bank accounts,” she added.
Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG in charge of Meghalaya welcomed the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs at the Border Out Post. Dawki, the Inspector General of BSF has not explained the work of the BSF. At this meeting, the Minister of State for Home Affairs was briefed on the problems faced by the BSF on the border with Bangladesh. At the same time, they have taken measures to curb the illegal trafficking. At this meeting, the BSF troops have been praised for their efforts to fight against illegal trafficking. he pud you sam.
Assam should respect our heritage and history and should not listen to the foreigners.
The DC said that this was done because a person from East Khasi Hills District who tested positive for COVID-19 came to Rangthong PHC on the 4th to bring his family members. All employees have been ordered to stay at home and at the same time all those who visited the hospital on the 4th and 5th have been directed to stay at home.
The deceased were identified as Haricharan Das, 45, of Lower New Colony Shillong and Alphinia Umsong, 5, of Mawkhap village. Hills District.
This was stated by Bah Pyndap Saibon, President of the National Assembly in a statement.
Therefore, we have to take strong action on this issue,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today convened a meeting with all the DCs and BDOs of the state to discuss how to implement the schemes of the central government through Video Conferencing in Delhi.
At the same time, the AJYWO urges Aircel, Vodafone and other companies which have not yet been able to provide 3G network service in Jaintia Hills to expedite the provision of 3G network service in Jaintia Hills for the benefit of the people. of all the people.
We started the new year with the launch of the country's first X-ray Polarimeter Satellite known as XPoSat to observe space-related activities such as black holes.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The month-long book exhibition from across India will start tomorrow at the State Central Library Shillong in the presence of the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma. Minister of Culture and Heritage, Paul Lyngdoh.
Their purpose is to purchase weapons, demand money and send members to Nagaland for training in the fighting against the insurgents. the first group, but the leaders were captured.
The reason for the increase in the cost of this work is that new works have appeared after the start of the work and this new design has been approved by the Central Water Commission, New Delhi.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that the three committees will have to submit their reports within 40 days. and only if they cannot resolve it will be taken to the level of the prime minister.
Speaking to reporters, the MPCC President said that the Trinamul Congress's visit to the state will be the second time. The current group under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Nairung 9: U Bah Titos W Chyne, MDC Sohra and CEM of KHADC, on Tuesday said that the establishment of a Police Outpost at Mawjrong, East Khasi Hills will benefit not only the residents of Mawjrong but also the residents of Mawjrong. part of the area of ​​Laitlyngkot, Khatarshnong and Laitkroh together with surrounding areas.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The government has temporarily lifted the lockdown after identifying those people who had close contact with those who went to Greenwood Resort in Assam.
HITO President Donbok Dkhar said he would like to clarify to everyone especially to the leaders of Khasi Jaintia Hills that the IOA & AA was signed and accepted by C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The KSU Nangbah Unit has met with the EEPWD North Jowai Division to demand the repair of the road to Nangbah village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Government has sent a notice to the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly that the session will start on 8th November
T.55.5 thousand tyngka was seized from the arrested persons and the bike was seized by the police. They have been able to arrest these drug traffickers.
The deceased was identified as Witson M. Sangma, 28, who was handed over to the police on the 27th of this month. crowd shouting against the police.
Minister Kharlukhi said that the metor area is one of the issues that not only the political parties but everyone wants to evict the people living there. dutifully handing over the land to the government and hoping the government will do the needful.
He said that the shops along the GS Road are still within the boundary of KHADC, up to Umsohsun.
In this age of struggle, the youth need not only to reap the fruits of victory but also to climb to the heights of victory.
The Seng's objection is on the grounds that Adhar is not yet a law in our state and the Government should not ignore this court order.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh stressed that society should equalize and empower people with disabilities.
As a woman, when she gets this opportunity to lead the country, it is also an honor for the state as a whole.
Shah said the convergence of collaboration and health is the convergence of affluence and health.
in Or The Commanding Officer, 11 Airmen Selection Centre, VIP Chowk, Borjhar (Assam) -781015, Telephone No: 0361-2842720 Extn: 333 and E-mail: co.11asc-as@gov.
“If there is no immediate action, it will force the HYC to take other measures against this misuse of public money,” said the President of the HYC Sengkmie, Bah Synrem.
Regarding his expulsion from the party, it is surprising. In fact, the party should have summoned him but it did not summon him and expelled him.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: The JSU Shillong Circle has lodged a complaint against the numbers of robbers who are cheating the people to provide schemes to the people during this time of curfew. .
He said that the Sugamya Bharat Abhiyan or Accessible India Campaign aims to provide services to the people with disabilities in the country.
The total number of people affected by the earthquake today has risen to 134 in the state. No one has been injured or killed in the earthquake.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Bah Lumkamai K. Nongrum, one of the leading members of the Umroi Block Congress Committee, has resigned from his post today. individual.
Shillong, July 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 336 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
At a public meeting held in Ampati, Conrad said that only the NPP party can defeat the Congress party which has misused its governments in the state.
The salary increase of teachers should be from
The match was very interesting and both sides showed all their skills to score.
He said that the existence of the NLU will ensure that this university will benefit the law students and other service opportunities.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Radha Mohan Singh today announced at Polo Ground that the Union Government will allocate up to T.215 crore for the Meghalaya Milk. Mission” through the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC) to implement the Central Government's objective of doubling the income of farmers by
The Deputy Commissioner said that the owners of the land should understand the need for land ownership.
The drivers of food trucks and the driver have to be checked as required according to the rules.
The language and proverbs of the story were prepared by Bah Raphael Warjri.
The celebration was also held in different parts of the state.
Even if the district authorities don't do anything, don't blame the party if the time comes for them to take the law into their own hands.
Shillong, July 09: The Media Lab Asia in collaboration with the Central Agricultural University has launched a training course to assist farmers in how to manage their crops in the event of drought. Information on agriculture in Umiam where farmers can call to get instructions on agriculture if they have any problems.
So far, 42,706 samples have been tested, 41097 negative and 816 results are pending.
The arrested were identified as Nirani Deb Barma, 26, and Mangal Deb Burma, 19, both from Tripura. which is very big after many many years.
Students, teachers and parents have been selected to ask questions to the Prime Minister on the basis of the online writing competition on various topics.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today spoke to 10 Deputy Commissioners from each district in the state to follow up on development works in the state. the state.
The Government has also noticed the lack of police stations in different parts of the state and has allocated T.100 crore for the improvement and construction of new Police Stations.
There have been 526 recoveries from the COVID-19 positive case, bringing the total number of recoveries to 35393 in the state so far.
The CAA 2019 seriously affects the fundamental principles of the Constitution and thus affects the entire country.
Did these policemen flee because they were afraid of death and because there were not enough people or because they did not receive orders from the authorities to bomb and shoot the Karbi who wanted to kill the police and the people at the border?  Why we say that the Karbi tried to kill the police and the Hynniewtrep in Lapangap is because according to the Meghalaya Police, if you throw stones or shoot with a jri that is an attempted murder and that we find out through the Police have registered a case of murder against the Mini Secretariat in Tura.
“Of course, although the family and the party have been blocked by the death of Small Phawa and also through the decision of the First Track Court in 2015, the right stands.
On this occasion, the two organizations strongly warned the heads of banks to respect the special day of the Hynniewtrep people especially on this day to commemorate the father of the Khasi alphabet.
They attend various government meetings, as well as press conferences and press briefings in the districts.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that it is necessary to record and enact the customs and traditions of the tribals.
While the number of Government labs has increased to 841, those run by private entities now number 339.
Prestone said the bridge is 120 meters long and the government has requested T.24/- crore and now the government is waiting to receive the money from NABARD through the scheme. I hope they will receive this money this month.
On the other hand, the party has confirmed that Bah Nongsiej will be the candidate of the HSPDP from the Nongstoin MDC constituency.
“It was after the investigation from the son who did not sell the umphniang that I understood that he was a thief. In the attempt to arrest him, he escaped but with the help of the villagers, they arrested him. you're a man.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat has convened an emergency meeting with the police chiefs and political parties to discuss the curfew called by the HNLC in the day of the vote.
Therefore, the Association appeals to the State Government and reminds of what has been discussed face to face with the two Ministers, the Minister of Education and the Prime Minister to implement some of the issues, such as the increase in salaries. or salary and wages at the end of the month.
On this occasion, there was also a meeting between the farmers and the ICAR officers in charge of soh farming where there was a discussion between them and the farmers.
They were led by members of the Executive Members of the KSU in front of the SP. The vehicle was a Bolero-ML
All the injured were not seriously injured but sustained minor injuries.
The Government is deeply saddened by this incident and the Government will not stand idly by but will search and investigate the perpetrators and the Government congratulations. bay n get your health.
After this, the Head Constable of Umiam Police station arrived at the complaint of Ahamed Ali. At that time, the Head Constable of the police accused the members of the KSU. Ali, who was driving the Bolero Pickup, confirmed that he was not the one who was arrested by the police.
“The Unity Mall will also be constructed at a cost of T.Rs 220 crore.
The chemicals contained in plastics according to research by scientists are said to cause many kinds of diseases.
During the celebration of World Heritage Week, 2018, the students of the university were taken to Sohra to the Presbyterian Church building built in 1846 by the missionaries from Wales.
Shillong, November 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the government should amend the SOP to allow the carol to be held, said Bah Marcos Myrthong, spokesperson of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Shillong, November 13: Two persons have been seriously injured in a bomb blast at the residence of Star Cement employees in Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills.
There are many small taxes that have not been resolved or have been delayed and some of them have been in existence since 1962, and these are still on the books which causes concern to the taxpayers and affects the refunds in consecutive years.
Furthermore, NCC cadets in uniform will sit on the Gyan Path as part of the celebration.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Alest Nongdhar, grandson of Captain Hump, said that they are very eager to preserve the legacy of their beloved father. It is widely known and has been marketed to other countries of the world such as Australia.
Dr Mawthoh said the HSPDP will leave to support the UDP candidate. Renikton Tongkhar and Samlin Malngiang, Ministers of State, will leave to campaign for the UDP candidate. UDP and party officials.
The Minister also spoke about his intention that all farmers and workers should be included in the pension scheme and that the youth should participate in the Mudra Yojna to achieve their goals.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: Police of East Khasi Hills District today arrested a drug dealer and seized drugs worth T.64 lakh from him.
The party invites the citizens of the state to send their letters to the NaMO app or by miscall to
“These ELCs will be set up in Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges.
Shillong, July 04: BSF troops today seized a pic-up vehicle from Umsyiem village near the border with Bangladesh while it was trying to unload cows to send to Bangladesh. There were nine of them.
Shillong, Nailur 02: The PWD office in Nongpoh and the Veterinary Office in Umling were burnt down today before the 12 hour curfew called by the civil society.
The Minister said that we cannot temporarily avoid this disease but we have to go hand in hand with this disease with care and the government has also taken measures. by working with the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the spread of this disease.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Volunteers of Jahlupara today put up placards on the roads to inform the pedestrians that the area has been declared as a containment area.
He also spoke about the sarovars built under the Amrit Sarovar campaign, the presence of Lakhpatididi in the villages through the help of self-help groups.
Aistar Kharumnuid, President of BJP Smith Unit, said in a statement.
The meeting was convened by the office of the Director of Health Services.
He also spoke about the abolition of TrippleTalaq in the 17th Lok Sabha which has ensured the rights of women.
According to Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, the incident happened at about 3 pm.
After this, from 1988 to 1990, Purno returned to the state to contest the MLA elections where he won and was elected as the fourth Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
On the same day, the CEM said that the team also visited Ichamati village to raid the shops of foreigners who do not have proper documents.
Another decision was to introduce a bill in the House to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021. The government has already introduced an ordinance to repeal the Act. brought in the form of a Bill within the House to repeal it.
Government alone, NGOs, village or hima leaders, private forest owners cannot achieve success in this regard alone.
There will be an exhibition and sale of handicrafts and garments made from Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and other North Eastern states.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Speaking at the closing ceremony of the three-day Cherry Blossom Festival, the Minister of State for Forests, Clemet Marak, said that the three-day Cherry Blossom Festival will be held in the state as one of the hubs of tourism.
Shillong, July 17: Shillong has been selected as the host for the Centenary of Cinema in India. On the 21st of this month, the film Manik Raitong will be released.
Shillong, November 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Dalu Civil Sub Division in the presence of MLA Brening A Sangma. The demand of the people of the area has been going on for a long time.
The Water Supply Department of Meghalaya has celebrated this day in a proper manner by holding a public meeting at Nongpoh, the head quarter of Ri Bhoi District. held in all districts of the state.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) as Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, Satya Pal Malik as Governor of Bihar, Prof. Jagdish Mukhi as Governor of Assam.
Furthermore, from this day onwards, the Cultural Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie will conduct dance training for the children and all the young men and women every evening.
The Press Information Bureau, Shillong, in collaboration with DIPR Meghalaya and Shillong Press Club, today held a 'Vartalaap' on the occasion of the upcoming elections in the state.
The three beauties selected from Meghalaya are Miss Indian International Global, Miss Indian International Global, Panchaly Ghosh who came second in the contest.
Chokpot MLA Lazarus Sangma said the government should find ways and means to bring about development in South Garo Hills.
The government has applied for the NOC on 19.12.2012 to build the hospital, but the village has not given permission and the executive committee of the dorbar shnong has met many times. to discuss this matter.
Others who supported the bill were Titus Chyne, Manstudy Nongrem and Lambor Malangngiang. select committee.
The Khasi-Pnar people are descended from the Mongolian people who do not have a strong foundation such as language, religion, customs, ethnicity, longtrai-mantrai on the land, the traditional judgment on the Hima and other special characteristics established by the Lord God.
On the need to increase the number of Rehabilitation Centres, the Minister said that the Ministry of Social Welfare has allocated funds and supported 11 deaddiction centres. .
In this announcement, it was also informed that the ban on visiting places of worship has been lifted only for those who are 18 years of age and above, but all those who visit places of worship must comply with the rules laid down in the related to COVID-1
However, all these three bills have been rejected by the State Government and after the Government has examined these bills, it has been found that the KHADC under the Sixth Schedule does not have the authority to pass and approve them. The District Council does not have the legislative competence to pass such bills.
We must also remember that we have inherited these beautiful customs and traditions, waters, rivers and forests from our ancestors and it is our deity to pass them on to our descendants.
The meeting was attended by Symbut CEMs, Lamphangs, EMs and officers from the three District Councils to discuss the issues of the District Councils in the state.
He said it was the first time he had heard of such a group of Hima Khasi States.
Furthermore, the Union has decided to hold a public meeting of more than 20 villages using the Umkhen River to express its strong opposition to the Government's plan.
Their claim is only a propaganda of the party because the fact is that they have long been removed from the register of the party for their support for the uranium mining road.
The deterioration of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially when they are sick or have any urgent work.
Shillong, Nailar 16: People from all over Shillong and other parts of Ri Khasi have visited the house of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkheiw to pay their last respects to Bah Cheristerfield Thangkheiw. He was arrested at his residence in Kynton Massar.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The JSU today wrote to the government to listen to the grievances of the residents of the state who are still stranded abroad.
Since the outbreak of the disease in Meghalaya, all the districts have been affected by the disease. East Khasi Hills District has been the worst affected district followed by West Garo Hills District and Ri Bhoi District. Three districts have more than 10,000 cases.
The Seng urges the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma to immediately meet and talk with the management of NEEPCO regarding the power outage and to find ways how to immediately end the 11 hour load shedding. One day in the whole state.
Shillong, July 20: The Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad today launched the Governor's Cup Half-Marathon from Mawsynram to Umkhakoi to Lawbah.
Ranjeet, who was convicted of illegal entry into India, was sentenced to two years and three months in prison.
On this occasion, the Governor of the State said many things that the State still has to do.
Thus, the target of building new PACs in 2 lakh villages in the coming days has been achieved.
Dr War said to prevent the spread of the disease, it is not enough to think and follow the rules laid down by the government, which is to wear masks when going out in public places, to use sanitizers and to clean. hands with soap at all times and avoid going outside if necessary.
On the issue of rent, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, agreed with the members of the meeting that it is necessary to increase the rent to keep pace with the increase in the price of food items.
During the visit, they also met with the office bearers of KJBWA to get their opinion on the cow trade.
Meghalaya Awaken Concern Citizens as we try to speak and witness as citizens who stand to serve for the welfare of the community we urge the State Government whether it is from the PWD (Roads) department or through any Which department is responsible for the implementation of this road should be improved according to the road which should be used for traffic and should also install adequate drainage and along with the public footpath as it should be and need more. no longer in order to expand beyond the old and not by trying to hide behind by removing and reducing more than it has been in the past.
This market opens up the relationship between different ethnic groups and the preservation of culture.
These nutrients are not enough because the human body needs a variety of nutrients to build the body to be healthy and strong so that it can fight against various diseases that occur due to malnutrition.
Shillong, June 26: Police have received a complaint that Monojit Choudhary, 15, son of Manadendra Choudhary, resident of RR Colony, Rynjah, Shillong, has been arrested.
During this time of pandemic, many people have onlie classes if this is the case for the future of their children and one of the problems that MeECL has done is that it has gone to the villages to cut off the you're light.
He said that the ration for the month of June has already been harvested and will soon be distributed to the people as they deserve.
Although the government department has already sent information, no one has come to register yet. If they cannot register, the office will take action against them.
He said that the time is demanding and the State Government is ready to hand over more Government departments under the jurisdiction of the District Councils. of them to be driven according to the present time.
The photographs and videos that have been circulating around the incident on this day show clearly who is responsible and who is doing the wrong thing.
He said that if the drivers take the vehicle, the owner of the vehicle will inform the company that the vehicle was driven by non-owners.
The family members of the deceased have requested that anyone who has seen the girl please telephone
As a country, we have emphasized political stability, cooperation and ease of doing business.
It is on this basis that the ILP is urgently needed to be implemented throughout Meghalaya so that the family can benefit together and be happy through this Act which will prevent foreign investors from stealing their jobs. the key train Ri.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : U Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Prestone Tynsong today met with the Union Minister in charge of Rural Development Jairam Ramesh in New Delhi.
During the meeting, the CEM of KHADC said that this is only a thought and it is not yet in the plan. area.
Such incidents have also been discussed with all the State Governments in the country that the land of the Army should also be registered with the Land Department within the State Governments.
On the other hand, Bah Vivek urged the youth to avoid drugs and to involve themselves in sports which can free them from these evil habits.
SG Esmatur Mominin, who won the MLA election 2018 from the NPP, has been withdrawn from his ticket. Party President Dr. Don Kupar War, Working President of Phulbari Constituency Albistone A. Sangma and other party office bearers.
Soso Tham in his book Ki Sngi Barim of Hynniew Trep writes, “The seed that falls in a rocky place without its roots sprouts only in the heat of the sun”.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed that no deaths have been reported today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said that this will be the first time that such a treatment will be conducted in Shillong. Shillong and the North East as a whole.
Shillong, March 05: To connect Shella and Madon area, the government has spent about Rs 4 crore to build a bridge over the Shella River in 2015-1 The erection of the paia has been covered with water and this has been done now.
Shillong Lajong FC Academy will be the only football team to represent India in the tournament. ), Luch-Energia Vladivostok FC (Russia), Panorama FC (South Africa), Beijing FA National Games U12 Team (China), Chongqing Yangjiaping Middle School Football Team (China), Dongguan Machong FC (China),  Guangzhou R&F Football Club ( China), UPBOX GZ Football Academy (China), Luoyang Xigong Fanglin Primary School Team (China), Changsha Yuhua Dexinyuan Primary School (China), Baotou Hadadao Primary School (China), Qingdao Kunpeng FC (China), Shannxi Wave FC (China ), GreenTown Yuhua Taohuayuan School (China).
The places where the police raided the places where there is suspicion of illegal drug trafficking are Mawlong Market, Police Bazar, Mawbah, Laban, Nongthymma Rynjah, Polo Market and many others. place.
The tournament was held in West Garo Hills today to raise awareness among the people to elect their leader on the 9th of this month without taking money or getting alcohol.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the FKJGP has already received information that it has already conducted a thorough inspection between the Veterinary Officers and the owners of the Petrol Pump. You don't have to go to Anjalee and you don't have to go to Upper Shillong.
Four students, Banlumlang L Nonglait, Kynsaibor L Nonglait, Suktiris L Mairang and Idamanbha Basaiawmoit who came first in the SSLC examination were also honoured. from this school.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, he said that all the Kurs have been invited to attend the meeting to explain what the committee has done in the past year. they didn't set it up.
This is according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the HYC Umjaiur Unit.
At this meeting, it was decided to appeal to the High Court against the signing of the soskular to demarcate the border between Assam and Meghalaya. It shall be at the discretion of the Coordination Committee to head the Boundary Committee.
Therefore, the union has sent back these foreign workers and at this time the police from the Sohiong Police Outpost have come out and immediately stopped the union from sending back these foreign workers.
He advised the Faculty of the department to conduct investigations without any confusion in the future despite the increasing demand in the department.
To accelerate the implementation of the JalJeevan Mission in Meghalaya, the Central Government has released Rs 169.60 crore for the state.
It was reported in the House that so far only 95 land has been registered and 123 applications have been received by the office which have not been completed. you surveyed 70 pieces.
During the meeting, the DC promised the KSU members that the Pollution Board will be informed for further investigation.
We have also seen that although the people of the district are strongly opposed to the mining of uranium, this department through the tender of NIT.Nos.
She urged the government to suspend the payment of light bill this month and to forgive this month's bill.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, in his speech, said that he is pleased that Meghalaya has now won the Subroto Cup. 2019 against Bangladesh.
The first speech was delivered by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma. Other participants included Bah DD Lapang. , SC Marak, Martin M Danggo, James K Sangma, Dr Donkupar Roy, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
At present, the company has borrowed up to T.617 crore from the government and has caused MeECL to stop working and now it will no longer be able to stand on its own. have that responsibility to the people.
Regarding the order of the Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, two Ministers including Minister MB Kharlukhi and Minister K Langstieh in a letter sent to Bah Ardent yesterday. The Agreement signed on the 22nd of June last year has been cancelled.
Titoss Chyne today, 13th October 2024, which is also the last day of the council session, has brought motions in the House to speak on the issues faced by the people. Expressing the concerns of the people, Bah Chyne said that he has received many factories from abroad. to set up their own businesses under the supervision of the District Council but how many foreign companies have been able to provide jobs to our youth.
Furthermore, the Ocean Ring of Yoga witnessed troops from 19 ships from 34 countries participating in Yoga with the support of the Ministries of Defence, External Affairs, and Ports Shipping and Waterways.
On this occasion, prominent doctors from all over the country attended the meeting to discuss the issue of this disease. This disease is very common in India.
In a letter, the KSU Mawkasiang Unit urged the management of NEIAH to open the out-patient and in-patient sections of the hospital so that the people can come and get medicines and treatment from the hospital. .
On the other hand, Joseph appealed to the kidnappers to release them because as bank employees they don't have anything they only get a salary and their job is to help the people to improve their livelihood. in Garo Hills.
These telecom leaders in the country demonstrated one of the ways of using 5G before the Prime Minister to showcase the opportunities available in the 5G technology industry in India.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, lost in the fourth round after Jaipal hit hard and the referee had to stop the match.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Samla Donal V Thabah, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today said that on the 5th of this month, Bangladeshis have abducted a Khasi girl who was studying in Class X Nagracherra village in Hailakandi District of Assam.
The Chief Organizer of the party, Bah S Mawroh, while informing reporters of this decision, said that the party does not want to hear the promise only in words but in writing. and the Government shall not do so on or before the second day of this month.
The groups working together on this project are the North East Network in Nagaland; the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment in Jaintia Hills; Social Service Centre, Shillong and a network of Garo Self Help Groups ha Garo Hills.
At these public meetings, Conrad recalled that during the time of Indira Gandhi, the Congress party ruled almost all the states in India, but under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi, the Congress party has ruled. can only be governed in two states.
While 3000 people have been appointed in government jobs in the last three years, these are only in large government departments, while DSCs have not been appointed. who works day, who works shipor.
The peace talks have started with the appointment of Bah PS Dkhar as the ksiang and the HNLC has appointed Bah Sadon Blah as the ksiang. of and central government.
The Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, has appealed to those who carry firearms to inform where they put them or break them. After this request, within three days, a letter was received informing the police that the guns were found today.
The group also visited Shnongpdeng and spent time near the clean Umngot River.
If they cannot provide electricity, we will not hesitate to go to the voice of the people to investigate and find out the reasons because according to the present times we need electricity for any purpose,” he said.
Martle N Mukhim MDC said that as a party, we want to have a cooperation with the civil society organizations of the state. national party.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has strongly criticized the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and accused it of making a political issue of the government's decision to allocate land. 1.4 acres from the land of the Shillong Municipal Board for the relocation of the residents of Mawlong Market.
It is prohibited to carry sticks, sticks, firearms, processions or gatherings within 10 kilometers of the polling station.
“The Minister of Home Affairs in the recent Dorbar Synrai said that the Police will have to use force if they see that there is a threat to the lives of people and public property.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today convened a Cabinet meeting to discuss the bomb blast at Khyndailad on Tuesday morning.
The Prime Minister said that the world is facing a great crisis due to COVID-19, adding that this is a time of change in the history of mankind. and they must be able to cope from its effects.
In his speech, Ashwini Vaishnaw said, “In the last nine years, the states of the North East and Jammu Kashmir have changed dramatically and we can see these changes.
Every year there is a natural disaster that causes damage to the crops of the farmers especially during this rainy season and this year too many villages have been affected by the floods. Cold weather all over the Khasi country.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Arunkumar Khembavi, has convened a meeting to discuss the Tirot Singh Market Complex in Mairang, which is not funded by the NEC and the first phase. T.12.86 crore has been allocated and the market will have 370 shops.
Welcoming him to the Election Commission, Kumar said Goel's broad and diverse knowledge will further strengthen the Commission's efforts to ensure that the conduct of elections is more acceptable. opening up, to people and involving more people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: A meeting of the leaders of all the kurs under the jurisdiction of the KHADC has been arranged on 13th November 2018 to discuss the The Clan Bill, 2018 has been prepared by the KHADC. Bah Shylla said that the KHADC has already prepared the Bill. This Bill shall be passed by the KHADC if it is not necessary and shall not be amended if it is not necessary.
said Mr. Shangpliang.
So far, 55 complaints have been lodged against the leaders of the ILP since the beginning of the ILP protest, said the SP of East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 20: The BSF troops in charge of elections in the border villages with Bangladesh have ordered the elderly to vote in the border villages with Bangladesh on 19/June
The theme of the celebration of this special day this year is, ‘Yoga at Home and Yoga with Families’.
When India says ‘One World, One Health’ the world respects and accepts its way of thinking.
Shillong, November 18: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 48 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, 47 cases in East Khasi Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi. The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Each police station should have 3 female SIs and 10 policemen.
The Learning Links Foundation provides education to children not only from their textbooks but also shapes the lives of children by providing them with other information that is not written or explained in their textbooks. .
The incident happened at 7.30 pm this morning, according to a report sent by the police.
“This is the irresponsibility of those who are not leaders who have no responsibility to the youth, especially at this time of unemployment,” said Bah Nongrum.
Guwahati, Jymmang 19: The Department of Legal Affairs of the Department of Law and Justice is conducting a two-day conference on 'India's Progressive Path in Criminal Justice System' at the Dr. Bhupen Hazarika Auditorium, IIT Guwahati.
The Chief Minister said that the person who tested positive for COVID-19 in Jowai has been under quarantine in Jowai since the day he returned from Agra in Uttar Pradesh.
In this regard, the Jowai Police Station has registered a case No. 115(5) 2018 u/s 121/121A/120b/384 IPC r/w Sec 10/13 UAP Act. All these persons have been arrested and taken to the court for trial and the court has given four persons time to the police to investigate. Shillong, Jymmang 14: A meeting of SSA teachers in Rambrai West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 19th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Khlieh Market Rambrai. 11 am in the morning.
“In such cases, if the people living in these areas take advantage of the invalidity of the Act, they can enter these areas and then apply for citizenship under the CAA, , then how can the State Government prevent them from becoming citizens under this Act?  Are there any other ways to monitor the number of these people who are currently living in these areas so that an estimate can be made for future needs,” he said.
However, this is getting worse and worse.
In this struggle, the cooperation of all is needed to reach the goal.
Amit Shah said the Assam Rifles will take over the operation across Cherrapunji.
Two persons have recovered from the disease in Ri Bhoi District.
More than 10,000 people attended the public meeting held at Chandmari today.
Sources close to the leaders of the union said that the teachers want to know what the government has to say on their demands but when the government does not want to speak, the teachers want to know what the government has to say on their demands. They too cannot force the government with these protests because of its selfishness.
The Government has set up testing centers in all 11 districts of the state and one in Mairang, but with the increase in the number of COVID-19 positive cases, the Government has conducted a general testing of the people to find out the truth. that this disease has spread to the public.
The Government is also preparing to install these incinerators at Jowai and Tura Civil Hospitals.
He also worked as a coal miner in the workshop of Bah Ken M Diengdoh in Sohra and Laitryngew and after that he earned money transporting passengers and goods every market day across Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The road is the source of income and economic development of the area. Once again we strongly request you to turn your back on our area so that the people will not suffer in coming and going especially those who John Kharbani President of Risang FKJGP Unit said that the patients have been sent to Nongstoin for treatment.
Also present on the occasion were the MLAs of East Khasi Hills and government officials. The target was to complete the house within the current fiscal year.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Bah Process T Sawkmie, Chief Whip of the Opposition, on Tuesday, said that the Governor's Speech in the Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the session The Governor said that the MLA election 2018 has been different from other elections when the people of the state have turned to the national parties, like the Congress, NPP and BJP. that all 58 MLAs in the House should speak for the development of the state in all aspects.
Two militants were injured in the shooting, which is a great loss to GNLA leader Sohan D Shira.
On the part of the Union, we have sent a message to the Minister, if she wants to talk to the ASHAs, we are ready to go for talks,” said Kong Myrsing.
Six new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to The death toll was
This donation will accelerate testing, treatment and genome sequencing in the North East.
Other sources said that the MDCs met with the Chief Minister today to demand that a special session should be convened within the KHADC. of the prime minister on this claim was not immediately clear.
The incident occurred while police were on their way to raid Arrengre village, about 6 km from Betasing.
Mawlai constituency has 50,000 voters and Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency has 17,000-18,000 voters.
Shillong, March 11: The Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, CP Gotmare on Tuesday issued an order that employees who buy online goods should provide their address at their residence. that sit that stay.
The deaths of a 53-year-old mother and a three-year-old girl were allegedly caused by an electrical outage in the ground floor of their house in Narang village.
“Finally, a message to the VHP, if you feel that you have responsibility for the situation here in our state, first arrest their members, who are here in Shillong, who held a rally last year in Laban. On Sunday, those standing in front of the gate of the Grace Covenant Church and Laban Presbyterian Church shouting Jai Shri Ram, shouting religious slogans to threaten our fellow citizens who are still in church.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Town Dorbar has expressed its objection that they have seen how the market will be because they have seen the market. you should not touch the well if you touch the well they will not allow it at all.
However, it does not forget to provide services to its own villages and areas where the Seng has offices, and from time to time the Seng directs all the offices to provide services. cooperation with the Dorbar Shnongs.
After doing this, they cleaned the trees with trees so that people could walk on top of the trees.
