The four ministers said in a statement sent today.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Bah KS Rani Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) Shillong has expressed his full support to the Dorbar Shnong of Lawsohtun for being quick to file a complaint against Patricia. Mukhim, as a journalist, was quick to testify that those involved in the shooting of youths in Lawsohtun.
“I express my deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah SK Sunn (aka Bahdeng Sunn) MLA & Ex Chief Engineer of PHE Department on 10th November,
He said that these Rangbah Shnongs have not expressed any objection or complaint on this issue.
During the presentation, it was emphasized that there are many tourism activities in the North East related to wildlife, slasha plantation and golf, river tourism, tourism related to of religion.
"“This is thought provoking, as there is still a program of the Government Department where officials from all over the North East and India come to this state to take part in that programme, the Government it does not want to show that the state is in the midst of violence, in the midst of persecution and killing from time to time.
Shillong, March 20: A mother died recently in a road accident at Markasa and four others were injured. The injured were taken to Mairang Civil Hospital for treatment at 6.45 am. today.
On the other two banners, it was written, “How many more years will we witness the state without borders?”
Generous Warlarpih Vice President of KJBWA said that although this veterinary service is the best but suddenly we have received information that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from next month will stop this supply of equipment. right skhor of the cow.
The first SDO will be appointed on the 15th and the government announcement will be submitted on this day.
Speaking after the CEC election 2023-2026, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar congratulated all the members who took part in the election to ensure that the election of new members was fair.
Williamson Sangma State University located in West Garo Hills.
The increasing number of cyber crimes in these days will protect us from criminals who are involved in committing crimes.
The award ceremony will be held annually, one in Khasi and one in Garo.
“It is good to play,” said Chandra Boro whose team came from Nalbari District from Sonaighuli.
Shillong, November 26: The BSF of Meghalaya Frontier on Tuesday arrested a Bangladeshi child who smuggled into India and handed him over to the Bangladesh BGB. The child was identified as Sahid, 15, from Goragaon, Bangladesh. The child was identified as Sahid, 15, from Goragaon, Bangladesh.
Police said they received the information after he arrived at his home in Gausapara. They said they have not yet confirmed whether the demands of the rebels are true.
The competition was organized by the Khasi Indigenous Foundation to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khasi people. The prizes and cash prizes were awarded to the winners by the Director of the Khasi Indigenous Foundation. precious stone Sumer, Niman N Shadap, Seaspiar Tangliang and Bah Pyniolad Kyndiah.
During the curfew in East Khasi Hills, it is allowed to deliver the kingdoms to the homes only without permission from the DC office.
Assistance should not be used as an insult to farmers.
He said the government has decided to use modern equipment to mine mineral resources such as coal and windmill and this will affect the indigenous people.
The JNC on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should remove the check post of the Border Security Force (BSF) from Sonapyrdi and relocate them to the border of East Jaintia Hills. Hills District and Bangladesh.
These two branches of the KSU have sent away the most important tums and sent them out of Mawlai and Mawprem villages to return to their respective villages.
They also demanded a CBI report on the allegations of corruption within MeECL. They started their protest at the Hydro office and after that they went to the MeECL office. Hundreds of workers took part in the strike.
This is an India that thinks innovatively in a different way, an India that goes to a dark place and brings light to the world.
“Instead of going to the field to assess the loss of assistance, the government brought photographers and videographers of the floods,” said the TMC candidate. and Development.
The Government has decided to direct all the Deputy Commissioners to call for a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of the Village Authorities from Rangbah Shnong, Nokma. At present, more than 10% of the cases in Meghalaya have tested positive for COVID-1
"“Regarding the announcement, all residents of Refugee Rehabilitation Colony, Rynjah are requested that if they require any certificate, whether it is Labor License, Trading License, Residential Certificate and other certificates, please contact us. to be received by the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah.
The bottling plant will serve the needs of LPG in East Champaran, West Champaran, Muzaffarpur, Siwan, Gopalganj and Sitamarhi districts of Bihar.
She also urged the teachers to teach the children the importance of hygiene and how to be clean in their daily lives, especially not to go to the toilet without finding it as this will affect their health. their health and the community as a whole.
Shillong, November 20: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that one more person has died of COVID-19 in West Garo Hills District. The death toll has risen to 134 in the state.
“Bah Phrepsing Wallang, also known as Kpa Timon, resident of Circle 2, Mawpat, Shillong, passed away this morning, 04/04/2
Shillong, March 02: The MPCA has announced that it will hold a meeting at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong on 15th March 2018 at 11 am.
Shillong, July 12: The Rev. JJM Roy Memorial Committee under the chairmanship of Bah Ransom Sutnga today commemorated the 139th birth anniversary of the father of the Sixth Schedule, Rev. JJM Nichols. Roy at the meeting in Qualapaty.
He said that there may be some problems at first but it also increases the use of technology.
One of these initiatives is through the Payment for Ecosystem Service (PES) programme, which has already been implemented on more than 50,000 hectares for crops.
Pretone urged the public to take care of themselves as this is the spread of the disease.
Those who returned yesterday and showed symptoms were tested by PCR test today and all of them were negative.
We have fallen into the Akor of Burom, we don't care about the tipkur tipkha.
Speaking in the House, the CEM said that the expenditure for this fiscal year is T.201,59,30,220/- and the revenue is estimated to be T.201,58,90,090/-.
The petition, led by Conrad K Sangma, was signed by all the MPs of the North East, from all political parties. The Union Minister said that the office of the Chief Commissioner in Shillong should be relocated to Shillong.
In this letter, the CCRCHAP has apologized for all the crimes committed by these two ethnic groups against the people of Arunachal Pradesh. The same letter has been sent to the President. of the All Arunachal Pradesh Student Union.
Dr. Mukul said that politics is the most difficult job, so you have to understand and run the party like the Congress party is a very difficult job. how to develop the party in democracy and with conflicting issues.
Shillong, Nailar 15: The KSU Education Cell in a statement has expressed its deep sorrow over the violent behavior of the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. SK Srivastava in trying to discredit the services of Prof. SM Sungoh. She has been teaching at NEHU for more than 25 years and has contributed in many fields especially in relation to the students of the state and from other states of the North East.
Regarding these roads, he informed the office of the Prime Minister of India.
The office bearers of HANM SEKH District are Comet Star Lyngdoh as President, Priemly Ryngksair as Vice President, BK Khongmawpat as General Secretary and 18 other office bearers of the Executive Committee. .
Shillong, Nailur 14: Unidentified persons set fire to the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra at Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District at 4.30 pm today.
Bah Syiem said that the Act clearly states that the land titles issued by the Council should not be recognized by any authority including banks and private savings banks.
They said that at 1:00 pm, the man took the tar from the house and burnt it down.
However, the party is now preparing for the election.
All government offices and schools in these three districts will be closed on the Unitarian Anniversary Day.
He said that the employees of GHADC have died of starvation and have run from one village to another to get their salaries but as it has become their share of revenue, it has been lost. not only the coal but hundreds of trucks carrying stone but this is not limited and this causes losses.
Earlier, Titostarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has filed his nomination papers for the post of CEM. The NPP has turned against the UDP. The heavy rainfall in parts of East Jaintia Hills has caused a landslide in front of the Tunnel on the National Road. Highway-6 of Sonapyrdi village which connects Meghalaya with other states of the North East.
On taking over, George congratulated the AITC President Charles Pyngrope, the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma and all the MLAs of the AITC. party who have elected him to take over this position.
Speech was delivered by the Minister of Nongthymmai, Bah F Nongsiej, Chairman of the VEC. Other speakers were Bah TC Waniang, Former Secretary. The welcome speech was delivered by Bah E Wanniang Secretary Shnong. The meeting was conducted by Bah RL Kharpran, Former Minister of Shnong.
On the other hand, the Seng in a petition submitted to the Commissioner and in the discussion expressed its strong opposition to the invitation of applications by the Department itself unlike in previous years. All the candidates were called through the MPSC but now they are called by themselves.
On discovering the fact, the union has closed down the factory completely and given 10 months to the owner of the factory to provide the documents. The union has found that the factory is owned by Bah John Lapang, as mentioned above.
Sarosh Islam, who sustained minor injuries, was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital while others who sustained minor injuries were treated and discharged.
In a statement, the leader of the party, Doang D. Shira, said that while the members of the party were welcoming the missing members of the party, police and SWAT came to the scene. They and the leaders of the party were also present at this time so that they could not hesitate to watch because it was on this day that all the members of the party were ordered to arrive inside the residence.
This is from the non-plan.
This donation by the KSU to these villages is part of the support to the families who have been affected by the government's lockdown to fight against the spread of COVID-1 .
Information about the Commissioners of Food Safety of all States and UTs can be found here:.
The KSU has also demanded that the government should set up a separate C&RD Block in Wahkaji-Umdohlun due to the neglect of the government. health, education, roads which have brought many problems to the people.
“If anything happens to our people living in these areas, the Assam Government and the Meghalaya Government should take responsibility,” said the statement.
There were also questions on how the Chiefs of Village, Raid and Hima have responded to the changes in the world especially in relation to globalization, said Bah John F Kharshiing. He gave an example that as an assistant, the collector of chiefs from Shnong, Raid to Hima, he said that he faces the problem because mobile technology and Internet technology has not reached all the villages of in the state of Meghalaya.
A patient in Civil Hospital who has already been tested four times will be sampled again on the first day for the fifth time.
The union also informed that those who wish to participate can submit their application forms to the MSOA office, which is open from 2 pm to 6 pm or send their names and ages through the whatapp number 9233072206.
The National Logistics Policy sets out the procedures for logistics activities in all related areas that are essential.
Shillong, July 25: The Congress party has announced its candidates for the MLA elections to be held on 27th June 2023 from 55 constituencies.
Bah Pyniaid said that they came to surrender themselves to the KHADC along with a request to the CEM to issue a license and they also handed over a letter to renew their licence. they.
On this occasion, a briefing was given on the Ginger Mission from the Department of Agriculture and also on the Public Distribution System from the Department of Food and Civil Supplies.
They get money to buy milk, ktung and this and that.
However, the people have turned to the national party.
Shillong, June 16: The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that the ARPA under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit has nothing to do with it. The intention is to ask them to dissolve the current EC synroplang.
In his speech, the DGP, SB Singh said that in collaboration with the people, the police have been able to curb the activities in East Garo Hills which is a stronghold of the insurgents.
Nikshay-Mitras can be individuals, voluntary groups.
This was announced in a statement sent today by the office of the Commissioner Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Dr Andrew Simons.
At the meeting, the President of the FKJGP Central Body, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, said that as an organization that has the desire to improve the income generation in the state and to encourage the youth to stand up for themselves. It is the duty of the organization to take this step to pay special tribute to the JETS 24×7 work for 10 minutes without rest until it receives the approval from the Government to operate the two wheelers business in the state.
Voters working in Government jobs, voters with disabilities, talks about women voters who have shown faith in democracy and outnumbered male voters in elections in 2019 and who have set a new target before the ECI and before themselves.
The Seng remembers the quick sacrifice of this young man who was willing to sit in jail for the sake of being a sword and stieh for the Jaidbynriew at a time when foreign forces were planning to attack the Jaidbynriew. Your nation is not paid.
SHILLONG, July 15: The alternative rock band Hoobastank will perform in Shillong on the occasion of the 7th Anniversary of The Northeast Today magazine. The magazine was founded in 2007 by the Chief Minister of Tripura.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: MEMRIWU today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to discuss their demand which has been pending for more than a year which the government has not addressed. clearly nothing yet.
On the other hand, HANM said that the dialogue should be made public about the rules of dialogue to clarify whether it will bring peace or not and should be clean and transparent and whether it will bring peace to the country and the state.
During the visit, they met with the Block Program Manager in charge of South West Khasi Hills District, who said that they have not received any money and for this reason they have not been able to pay.
To find out the truth, it was decided to inspect the street lights at night whether the working of the street lights is the responsibility of the village authorities or MePDCL, as many of the equipment has been purchased by them. village council.
Regarding the awareness campaign on the health of the people of the area, Bah SK Sunn said that the Committee has also invited the doctors to listen and believe that they too will bring something. which the public has informed their Department.
Looking at the contract and the construction method because this is a holy place, somehow the contractors should think for the safety of this holy place, the contractors are, what is not there is the The Sound and Light Show Gallery, which cost T.6.54 crore, does not exist.
The training was attended by Muktiar Rebina Subba, I. Tariang, Member Secretary, MSCW, Annie Sohtun, Coordinator, MSCW, members of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority and Police Department. .
A Government vehicle has collapsed after being set on fire by unidentified robbers on Friday night near the Water Resources Office in Dhankheti, Shillong.
The NPP's cooperation with others is that as a party it believes in cooperation and for this reason it does not criticize others who cooperate, but it is shocking to hear the statement that people are fighting politics for what. which will not bring good to the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa, on Tuesday said that the incident ha Umwali, Langphih area has gone smoothly and there has been no casualty.
Referring to the incumbent MLA, Bah AL Hek, Synrem said that he is a beneficiary because he has seen that the Congress is no longer in power and he has gone back to the BJP. Since he won Pynthorumkhrah, there has been no progress within the Constituency.
Superintendent of Post Offices to appoint more staff in the Sub Post Office in Mawsynram as well as in the Branch Post Offices such as Branch Post Master and other staff necessary for the welfare of the people.
Charge) Dr Jitendra Singh (through digital media), G20 Sherpa, Amitabh Kant, Secretary, Department of Science and Technology (DOS) Somanath S, Chairman IN-SPACeu Dr Pawan Kumar Goenkabad and others were very happy.
The Wangkala festival is held after the plum harvest and is usually held in the months of April and November.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, Samla Raphel Rabon congratulated the office bearers of Iooksi Pyllun who have been appointed for their vision to bring unity among the residents of Iooksi.
Tongper said that the union demands that the Minister of Home Affairs and the SP of East Khasi Hills should take responsibility if they cannot arrest the killers and if they cannot arrest them they should step down. dry marble.
When there is a coexistence of different ethnic groups, there are conflicts in customs and traditions and ways of life, which creates many challenges in trying to bring about economic development.
Dr.KKharmihpen, Joint Director, Animal Husbandry, Government of Meghalaya, praised the ICAR department in the field of animal husbandry.
The country has introduced laws in line with those issued by the WHO to regulate the production, sale and consumption of tobacco products.
The Director of Sports, Meghalaya, while talking to SP News Agency, said that the sports department alone will find it difficult to provide jobs if the private sector does not come forward to take part in this. work and if companies will contribute.
He said that various army groups have met him from time to time and expressed the same feeling as if they were together and the discussion was how to move forward to encourage the youth to and he expects that in the coming years there will be many who will join the army.
The union also said that it will continue to investigate whether these Non-Tribals who come to work within the boundary of JHADC, have an Employees' Service License.
Meanwhile, the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 17th June, 2021 has informed that after receiving the reports of all the high risk contacts.
Observers also said that Sunak's political position is now in doubt as the signs show that he could lose even in his own seat.
“We will inform the High Court about this violence which is also a violation of the order of the Honorable Court,” said Bah R.Khonglah.
The party has no choice but to avoid unfounded criticism and to ensure the smooth running of the party's activities, the party has decided to accept the resignation letter of Bah Adelbert from today 03-09-2
If the government is still standing firm to implement the railway line, it is because the government has changed its mind.
Shillong, July 23: U Bah John F Kharshiing has sent his resignation letter to Bah Lambor Nongrum, President of the NBCC. to create ways and means to renew and strengthen the Nongkrem BCC, especially in the upcoming elections.
“We want these experts to give a detailed explanation regarding the provisions of the Bengal Frontier Regulation Act,
West Khasi Hills Three of them are MLPs, two from Delhi and one from Assam.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has suggested to issue Work Permit to Bangladeshis to prevent the entry of Bangladeshis. discuss.
It was on this day that the Prime Minister of India was shot dead by a bomb and India has set aside this day to commemorate this day as the day of struggle against terrorism.
: U Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, MP from Shillong Seat, on Tuesday urged the Central Government to take action for the improvement of the National Highway-0 in East Jaintia Hills District and other roads in the state.
Finally, the KSU through its members is ready to fight against any proposal to mine uranium at any time.
He began his studies at St. Mary's Mazzerello Jowai and completed his PhD in Political Science from NEHU.
During the raid, the BSF seized the Bangladeshi Khar while he was on his way to Bangladesh and the cows were from Donachera, Sylhet, Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, State President of the BJP in Meghalaya, has strongly condemned the incident in Tura where stone throwing was held at the venue of the Chief Minister's meeting.
Only the driver shall enter and shall not leave the vehicle when unloading.
Their salary is not enough to support their families.
AIM today held a public registration in Motphran to urge the government not to force the people to give Tika but let the people decide for themselves. In the midst of the public meeting to express their views on the Tika distribution, a public meeting was held at Motphran where there were speakers to explain what the party has to convey to the people.
Shillong, November 16: Initially, there was uncertainty in the convening of the All Party meeting to discuss the issues related to the demarcation of the state by the MDA government. “If the Congress party has not received a letter to be invited to the meeting, how can we get information to participate without sending the letters?
The present government has failed to provide good services to the people.
DoT follows standards 10 times stronger than those defined by ICNIRP and as mandated by WHO.DoT regularly monitors EMF emissions from towers across the country and ensures bay m someone is violating the laws and regulations in this regard.
During the meeting, the Minister promised the HYC leaders that he will discuss this issue within the Cabinet.
The competition will be held in different categories, and there will also be athletes who have appeared in the country and abroad as well. come and take part in this competition.
As the saying goes, "Kam banse ka thom ia ka sang", the Seng will also thom ia ka sang to expel such employees if they enter our homes without listening to the law. decision of the Government.
The union urged the MeECL to turn on the street lights so that there will be peace for the residents at night and the government to act quickly to find the street lights. measures to restore electricity as usual to avoid the loss and suffering of the people.
KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary D.Sawkmie said that the purpose of the awareness campaign is to encourage the Jaitbynriew especially the people of Mawlai to know and think about the KSU Mawlai Circle. The spread of the disease has spread to parts of the area.
What has the government done and what has the police department done to the foreigners who have been arrested from Nongmynsong along with petrol who are involved in the incidents in Nongmynsong? etc., this shows that they are responsible and will blame the members of the party.
Since the beginning of the process; From 1-3-2014 until today, the office bearers and some members of the Advisory Board and Technical Experts of Mawlai Sports Club have been visiting from time to time to inspect the implementation of the Mawlai Sports Club. ia this work.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Brightstarwell Marbaniang MLA Mawlai who were seated in the Parliamentary Gallery of the Lok Sabha. Dr. Ricky's family.
“These are just gangs of robbers, so there is no need to talk to them,” said Wasbir Husian.
There are 48 polling stations in total and 11 of them have been declared unsafe as they are on the border with Bangladesh. resident.
In Meghalaya, the vote of one MLA of Meghalaya carries 17 votes and the MPs have 706 votes.
Through the working groups we will be able to see the progress of women in various fields.
He said that looking at the actions of the government in these days, he congratulated them with a knife and sat down with a kdiang. He said that this action will not lead to good but will lead to evil. Calling for the meeting, he recalled that the HNLC leaders had met with the central government leaders on 23rd July
The tunnel incident or the three earthquakes in Japan or the earthquake in Nepal, when the NDRF members went to any place, they returned victorious and this is a great honor for the whole country. other.
While the people were waiting for treatment, the office of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society and the RNTCP of the TB Hospital also gave a detailed explanation to the public on how to prevent the spread of the disease. and self-care for HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis (TB).
: means to move the body to revive the muscles and to circulate blood in the body.
This method of injecting a protein produced from blood serum also helped during the 2018 Ebola outbreak.
This is for the single line and Abhayapuri-Pancharatna (34.59 track kilometers) for the double line on 15th October,
The search was conducted by the residents and found 36 vehicles, 47 mobile phones, 168268 liters of kyiad phareng, 500 Nirod. Twenty-seven vehicles, 2 Socty, 8 Bike, 1 Auto Rickshow, 1 Auto Rickshow, 1 registration card and other documents related to the scene were seized. T.30,000/- cash was seized from the suspects.
“Earlier, the MBoSE had invited the teachers to discuss the books issued by the Board and we have given our support to the Board to see if they are sufficient or not to take the books. schools.
Shillong, November 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that a mother has received three counterfeit notes of Rs. This is the mother, the prime minister admitted that this is the mother who came to show him.
Although there were allegations of clashes between the opposition in Mawsynram constituency, the MDC election campaign went smoothly.
He said he hoped that with the unity of the farmers, the government would be able to achieve this.
At this time, there will always be those who violate the rules, but the government can introduce an ordinance under sections 269/270/271 IPC that those who violate the rules should be sentenced to imprisonment for at least three years. without guarantee.
The indigenous communities of north-eastern India are already at risk.
This shows that when you do the work, your mind also dives.
“The appointment was made by the Government in a clean manner.
This initiative will help the youth to focus on physical activity and to free them from many kinds of evils.
The cause of the incident is unknown, but it is suspected that the three persons who were bombed to the point of losing their lives were suspected to be menshonoh of the people. kem he that the bomb was tied.
At the same time, those who travel by vehicle are urged to cooperate with the village on this day.
It is learned that when the BGB troops entered the village, they told, especially the Rangbah Shnong who is building a house, that they cannot repair their houses, or build new ones because this falls. within 150 yards or the so-called 150 yards of the border between India and Bangladesh.
To become an MLA is not the ticket of the party, it is the people who give the ticket. If the people do not elect you, you cannot become an MLA. “The Congress party in West Khasi Hills has been offered tens of crores of rupees to get tickets,” he said.
The letter was signed by the President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngsoh.
Furthermore, Samla Shanbor Khongjah expressed his interest in creating different costumes according to the villages, regions and traditions of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
He said that initially the state government had to rely on NEIGRIHMS for testing for COVID-19 because since the beginning the state did not have a Biosafety Level 2 category laboratory in the state but now two There are 10 testing centers in the state, one in Shillong and one in Tura.
The convening of the special session is to show the majority.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Chief Election Officer of the Meghalaya Election Commission (KSU) on Tuesday. Bah FR Kharkongor to express their opposition to the inclusion of the names of the state authorities in the Electoral Roll.
On the day of her announcement, Sarita said that her contest is not a spectacle but with a heavy heart she has taken this decision to contest the election. The election was held when I saw that many people went to vote.
Shillong, July 05: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Meghalaya. .
The trees were removed from the lights without removing the electricity posts. This was done with the cooperation of the trees.
That is a strong message from the District Council,” said Bah Pynïaid.
On the other hand, he said he does not want this to take too long but to bring the bill back in the next session.
Hemant Malik, Divisional Chief Executive, ITC, said that B Natural is no longer a coloring product marketed in India. from the beginning, but now as a company is proud to say that after conducting research for many years, the company has now brought about a change in the manufacture of this juice by manufacturing juice from soybeans purchased from Indian farmers and this ability to bring about change has made the company one of the fastest growing food companies in India.
This is to clarify that Covid-19 is not found in chickens and this is according to a report that has been conducted around the world.
These employees have to receive the players from other states who will start arriving in the state this month and this month they can start recognizing each other and the government will pay. to those who work together and this will help in the future.
“If they say to search foreigners, there is an Anti-Infiltration Check Gate in Byrnihat, there is an Anti-Infiltration Check Gate in Ratacherra, that is their duty (Police) and if they feel that there is an Anti-Infiltration Check Gate in Ratacherra. “There is a risk of arresting any suspects temporarily by setting up checking points,” he said.
“Ka seng also strongly condemns the failure of the Excise Department of the state government to curb the spread of such illegal liquor shops in many parts of the NH-6 other villages are also affected,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Shah also met with leaders of the Kuki community in Manipur and a group of members of Manipur's community today.
New Delhi, July 28: The Government of India has amended the Employees' Pension Scheme (EPS), 1995 to ensure that EPS members who have worked within six months of joining have the opportunity to withdraw money.
The activities of the Board shall contribute to the welfare and progress of the people who grow shynrai through their leadership and dedication to the work and the improvement of the works near the farms, which will benefit the farmers.
Najiar said that for a while there was a false news and a picture on Whatsapp that some people have been stabbed in Laban and died but the picture is of a person who has died. a few days.
Since then, he has gained the reputation of being the greatest politician of the Khasi and Jaintia people. He was elected as a member of the Constituent Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. India and is one of the 40 members from Assam to be on the committee to introduce the Sixth Schedule.
Prime Minister Duh referred to the expectations of the youth to promote themselves as 'My Bharat Volunteers' and said that this strengthens the determination to have a prosperous India.
Shillong, July 06: The Ribhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) on Thursday 5-01-2024 inaugurated and handed over a house built by the organization to the family of Kong Bashisha Sohktung from Mardon Nongbah.
According to former MLA SGE Mominin, Moni Mondol (TMC), Bhuttu (TMC) and Habibur Zaman MDC of NPP were said to be at the scene. Don in Phulbari went to this place and didn't know what to do.
The Dorbar Chiefs would like to urge all the Dorbar Shnongs, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars to translate into Khasi these laws, acts and rules including the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act. 1957, The Mines Act 1952, The Mines Rules 1955, The Meghalaya Mines and Minerals Policy, 2012 to understand these land disputes, because it does not only affect the miner, it affects all the land owners. '.
Dr. Ampareen Lyndoh in her speech said that due to the lack of opportunities and opportunities many great writers in the past as writers have lost their minds. .
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that there are 2446 teachers who have been regularized by the state government.
The program encouraged those who attended to improve themselves and to take part in the development of dairy in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Shillong, March 15: The General Executive Council (GEC) of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) consisting of the Presidents and General Secretaries of Units, Circles, Districts and Departments including the Women's Wing along with former members. The Central Executive Committee of the Seng, which was held on 14th March, 2023 in Shillong.
: it means something that is caused by any interaction of creatures;
Kyrdemkulai, June 10: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) led by Apbor Nongrum, President of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday visited the road from Zero Point to Kyrdemkulai farm. don't start the cleaning.
“The people should support by coming to the cinema because it will not be released on YouTube and the support of the people will be an encouragement to me and also to all those who have taken part in the film 9-Lad. “It's a good idea to make more and more beautiful films,” said Commander Shangpliang.
In Khyndailad, after the KSU members had hung the flags in a roundabout, the police removed the flags from the area.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sutnga said, “AMKA is the union that serves to organize these championships to develop the talents of the children.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) DM Thappa congratulated the doctors and other staff who worked all night to save precious lives.
The Seng will soon write to the Chief Minister to demand this and also to the CEMs of KHADC and JHADC. that we have gone through the process of explaining to the people.
The keynote speaker at the two-day meeting will be senior Supreme Court Justice Ramjet Malani. “If he wanted to speak in these two days, he would have been happy,” said Bah Massar.
The KSU in a letter to emphasize the demand for the C&RD Block in Wahkaji is on the grounds that many of the villages in the area have to travel more than three hours to reach Ranikor Block. the range is between 30 and 60 km.
To correct the misunderstanding, the central government has no intention of taxing agricultural income.
On the other hand, the General Secretary said why the company cannot employ the villagers, but employs foreigners. demand that she should be appointed to jobs they can do".
The number of COVID-19 positive cases in the state has risen to 66 and 45 have recovered.
Government has started Swachchh Bharat campaign – but it is up to each and every one of us to ensure Swachh Bharat, Government builds toilets or helps to build toilets- but it is up to each and every one of us to use these toilets and keep the country free from open defecation.
: Bah Tellmi Talang, 31, a farmer from Mookalangi Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been arrested on suspicion of being killed by unidentified robbers while he was in the field. agricultural land on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Prestone Tynsong MLA of the constituency who is also the Minister of State, HDR Lyngdoh Minister of Home Affairs, Deputy Commissioner of the Eastern District. Khasi Hills PS Dkhar and PD Rynjah Secretary of Pynursla Sub Division.
The Chief Minister said that to improve the income of the state is only by taking the lead in creating jobs which the state has the opportunity to do this because it has a good climate. and many gates and roads.
Out of the 65 polling stations in the 35-Ranikor Constituency, the polling officers who left Mawkyrwat today are 34 groups for 34 polling stations while the others are 31 polling stations remain open tomorrow.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner said that the smoking of tobacco or cigarettes in shops is also prohibited and the shops of those who violate or do not comply with this order will be closed down.
When reading these two Acts, it was found that in both the Acts of MUDA and KHADC, the people have to get the same Certificate NOC, the same plans and drawings from the Architects, Engineer Whether under the MUDA Act or the KHADC Act, both the Acts have a provision for the payment of the salary of the NOC issuers. In one district of the State, both the MUDA and KHADC authorities will have to collect the fee for the contractors according to the Supreme Court order which is 10 percent of the proposed expenditure on the construction of houses.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that there is no other way or law to be stronger than the ILP to curb the illegal entry of mynder.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is now preparing how to select the people to bring sugar to the state. government to state governments to buy from public markets.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to strengthen this from 2020 onwards.
Police have arrested the Sumo after receiving a tip that the Sumo was carrying alcoholic beverages. They conducted a search operation and when they arrived, they seized the vehicle. .
From now on, if the MBOSE wants to change the question paper, it should inform all the schools so that they can teach the students in the classroom according to that model of the question paper, not just set. carba mon while you want.
“It is time for us as a kur to gather together because as the days of change are coming, we need to have a dorbar kur,” said Bah Bandonbok.
In a letter to the Speaker of the House, Dr Ampareen said that she hopes that you are aware of the news that there has been an allegation against the MLA of 50-Norh Tura for raping a woman. and this amazed them all.
In Shillong, the Urban IEC Van conducted two programs today at Don Bosco Square and Police Bazar.
Senior Faculty, Bansara Institute of Optometry, Bah Anton Decruse said that there are about 30,000 people in the state who are blind and 1 lakh people suffer from avoidable blindness.
Two Indian nationals were arrested by the BSF during the seizure of these 97 cows worth T.55 lakh.
Regarding the incident on the 24th of this month, Bah Marbaniang said, “I went to this place without counting the right or the left. for the king had not come to open the foundation stone, and after that I went out, and I knew not what happened afterwards.
Six persons including three children were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for further treatment and Umiam Police Station is conducting investigation into the incident.
When weighed, each gold biscuit weighed 100 grams and two gold biscuits weighed 200 grams. The BSF said that the two gold biscuits were worth T.6.5 lakh.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the civil society organizations of the village and the aim was to bring peace between the law enforcement agencies especially the police and the people. he took part in the games.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, but has not been able to meet with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma due to his busy schedule.
The training was attended by doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, officers of Futures Group International India Pvt.
These people have used the names of the central government authorities, such as Customs, CBI.NCB and others. The Central Government authorities have demanded to send money to them claiming that they are employees of the Reserve Bank of India.
During his visit, the Chief Minister was welcomed by the Rangbah Shnongs and Women's Wing.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Hundreds of students from War Jaintia Hills District participated in the training organized by the KSU-War Jaintia Circle at Amlarem on 4th June
I pray that God will grant him eternal rest and that God will grant condolences to the family in this tragic incident.
The CEM of KHADC, today expressed his satisfaction to see that the people have flocked to the festival and this shows clearly that as a Khasi child, he still loves his country. of the original.
In the junior boys (45 kg), North Garo Hills won the second title.
At present, the Congress has 29 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly and 29 MLAs.
The award was presented to Sandara Marpna by the Managing Director of JETS 24×7 Pynskhemlang Uriah in the presence of JETS 24×7 leaders including her relatives.
The talks were fruitful and all parties stated that the social agreement had been confirmed.
The temporary dropout rate in Meghalaya is 10% and this is something that needs to be seriously considered. This new policy also talks about how to protect the environment and allow students to continue. The same is true if you don't read the book.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: Two persons have lost their lives in a landslide caused by heavy rainfall, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today said. The deceased were identified as Rohit Kshiar, 14, of Mawlat and Dilibon Tangsan, 35, of Mawkria.
It is a day to look back with pride and gratitude for what we have achieved thanks to the efforts of past generations of our leaders.
Shillong, June 07: The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit in collaboration with the Elyon Institute will conduct a Free Coaching Class for the students who are awaiting the results of Class 12 and who have completed the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC).
At the same time, the entry of foreigners without proper documents, and without following the Covid rules of the government, shows the negligence of the authorities and the government authorities as well. .
He said the G-20 is the best platform for international cooperation in the economy which accounts for 85% of the world's GDP, more than 75% of the world's trade and about two out of a third of the people on this planet.
In the past few days, the Principal of the College has inaugurated the teachers' offices in the presence of the teachers and members of the Managing Committee.
The funds allocated by the Central Government cannot be used elsewhere. If it delays in releasing the funds, the State Government will have to pay along with the interest. or to inform the Central Finance Department of the State Government's receipt of funds.
Speaking to reporters, Ebina Nongkhlaw said that on the 16th July, the NDWA Meghalaya region will celebrate the International Domestic Workers Week and also to provide training to the domestic workers. their rights in their places.
According to sources, he will join the Congress party tomorrow morning at a meeting to be held at Congress Bhavan in Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Dr LL Mawlai, Project Director of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (AIDS Control Society) on Tuesday said that the operation of VHAM in Jowai and Lad Rymbai has been suspended and the order was issued on the 21st of this month.
The DRI has seized T.49 crore and has been fined T.245 crore. The investigation is ongoing on the names of the suspects. There are three names in the case of the seizure of this money.
Through this scheme, it will help to revive the forests which are the sources of water for the benefit of the people, it will help to increase income and reduce poverty in the state.
The meeting was attended by 250 drivers from Shillong, including employees of SMB, Shillong Cantonment Board and residents of Shillong.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his delight to open the Multiplier Pig Farm, a project which has been successfully implemented. This has been achieved through the cooperation of all stakeholders such as the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, PWD Department and others.
In the past six months, police have arrested up to 50 people.
The General Secretary of Augur Mukhim concluded the statement.
: The 6th Badminton Tournament organized by the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EKHDBA) which started on 29th July 2023 has ended on 1st November
The Chief Minister said that the border between Meghalaya and Assam is up to 900 km long and it is difficult to see the influx of foreigners into the state, but it is a good thing. The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act and the rules to curb the entry of foreigners have already been passed.
At the same time, the FKJGP has alleged that there is something behind the Hima Mylliem's ​​withdrawal of the NOC. They will open a new market at Ronghuna which will be free from the hands of the Syiem.
At the same time, the NYDA through this statement would like to inform that it will also hold a Cultural Youth Festival from 14th June – 16th June 2013 in collaboration with the NYK. to witness the programme.
Shillong, November 04: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor today handed over the Sanad to the Sirdar of Dwara Nongtyrnem Hima, Bah Arwanphai Wanshnong. Deputy Chairman of KHADC, along with family members.
Shillong, July 03: The Garo Hills Students Union (GSU) has sent a demand to the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHADC) to remove the two members of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). MDCs from the post of Chairman appointed by the District Council.
At the same time, the smaller parties like the HSPDP and the private sector have a key role to play in forming the government, while the Congress party has tried to call on the Independents to form a coalition government so that it will be easier to function.
This means that the CPC and CrPC will apply to the Village Courts, Raid Courts, Hima Courts and District Council Courts.
He said that their protest is not only for their salary but also for their old age pension.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Confederation of Ribhoi People today met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik Syiem to clarify on the grounds that the Raid Kharpati is against the appointment of Rangbah Shnong. members or leaders of the church.
At this meeting, they discussed the establishment of new police battalions and the allocation of funds from the state and central governments. 95% of them are happy with the state government.
Shillong, July 01: A clash between the police and the people in Motphran on Friday morning has caused a lot of trouble in the city. Chapter.
Therefore, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (including the Sirdarships, the Dolloi, the Council of Nokmas) requests your participation in the Dorbar, Minister, Lyngdoh, Lyngskor, Basan, Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Kur, Village, Raid and Hima, on this 17th August 2017, at 11:00Am at Youth Hostel, near Addl Secretariat, Shillong.
The Sengbhalang of the state, after receiving requests from many churches, has extended the Pakhang Shnong or Bandh to 12 hours on the 20th of this month.
The Ministry of Tourism held the National Tourism Award ceremony on 27th November 2022 to the people who have achieved success in the field of tourism in the country.
“We need national security laws, in which as a nation we want and expect from the hands of the legislators who sit in the secretariat to implement those strong laws.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun, Bah Harrybirth Rynjah, said that the Dorbar Shnong has informed the Deputy Commissioner that Mahadev Khola does not fall within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun. under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department.
He said the Ministry has decided to find a site for the Center at Mawiong.
In the same petition signed by several members of the Hima Mylliem, they suggested the urgent need to amend and amend the Acts and Rules of the Hima Mylliem namely i) The Khasi Autonomous District (Appointment and Succession of Syiem, Deputy Syiem, Electors, and Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Syiemship) Act 2007 and ii) The Administration of Mylliem Syiemship Rules,
Shillong, July 24: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bahut AL Hek today informed that the Ministry of Home Affairs and Central Government has informed that Amit Shah will visit Shillong, Meghalaya today. the second day of Naitung.
It is time for them to think again that as a nation and the state as a whole, we need the indigenous people to sit on this throne to run the affairs of the state for the sake of peace and stability. the nation and the state as a whole.
The Seng demands that they should provide drinking water which is one of the cleanliness especially in the health centers as the water is one of the things that needs to be cleaned. The Seng also demanded to install another Ambulance.
In March, Meghalaya government officials met with the members of the CWC of Krishnagiri district administration and submitted the complaint to the court.
Biolinda L. Nonglait from Mawthadraishan constituency, Samlin Malngiang from Sohiong constituency, Pynshai Manik Syiem, former MLA and Minister of State from Mawphlang constituency. Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC Mylliem and the first woman to hold the post of Chairman of KHADC.
New Delhi, Jymmang 29: The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has advised all Government employees over the age of 18 years to get vaccinated immediately.
The Mait Shaphrang Movement, the Civil Society Women Organization and the Thma U Rangli have demanded that if the government has not been able to appoint a Chairman of the Lokayukta, the government should issue a government notice. that all government employees, from the Chief Minister to the government employees, should report to the government on their income, not only for themselves, but for all those who are in their homes.
Jowai, Nailar 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit for the first time thanks to the hard work of all the members of the Unit of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit has held a Random Testing Program today with a spirit of concern for our fellow citizens and we have been able to conduct this successful program as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-1
After the police seized the drugs, they conducted a search warrant and during the investigation, it was revealed that it was through a commercial taxi number ML05-G-7 in which kit this plsa.
The SRDF and the DDMA from East Khasi Hills District have been working hard to prevent the incident. the body of the old man.
We will also celebrate the 550th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev ji this year.
The KNGC-SU has also demanded that the government should transfer the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and resign the CEM of JHADC. the power of the bpr of the law.
Jowai, Nailar 23: Two children have committed suicide in Jowai Police Station after being arrested by the police on charges of stealing a motorcycle on His name was Kitbok Kassar of Mynthong.
“If they cannot bring those involved within two days, the KSU will take the necessary action,” said Augustan Timung President of KSU Lapangap Unit.
If the KHADC continues to delay in removing Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong, the JAC and the children of the Hima Sohiong will have to turn to the KHADC once again in any meeting. KHADC should take responsibility for the delay,” said Bah Shabong in an interview with the media after the meeting with the Deputy CEM. The Inquiry Officer has already sent the Inquiry Report to the Executive Committee on the investigation against Bah Bashemphang Thabah at the request of the JAC. Report so that the JAC can get information to investigate.
During the inspection, Bah BL Lawai, Executive Engineer of the Electrical Department, said that the reason for the delay is threefold. The army has not given space to run the water pipeline at Riblong Mesum to Shillong.
In the Budget Session recently, the MLA of Mawlai demanded in the House that the contractor for the construction of the Mawlai By-Pass should be removed. you can slowly sha ba palat.
In this regard, 3 students from each state and 2 students from Sikkim have been sponsored to study at the Assam Rifles Public School, Laitkor, Shillong for the year 2011- 12 in Class VI. Up to 23 students have been selected to support their studies from the academic year 2012-1
Students from all over the colleges and NEHU came to take part in the meeting and in their speeches they found that the Bill has only shortcomings.
Shillong, July 18: Police of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday night on receiving a tip that some people were traveling in a tourist taxi who were suspected to be carrying drugs. Police have conducted a search operation to track down the suspects.
The second group of vehicles prepared by the government may arrive tomorrow morning. The number of vehicles prepared by the government is not yet known. for everything.
Last month, nine members of this group were arrested from different parts of East Khasi Hills including a Class-X student. four leaders, namely the Chairman, the Commander-in-Chief, the General Secretary and the Area Commanders of West Khasi Hills, the Area Commander of Jaintia Hills, the Registrar and the Information Officer and three members. .
In the petrol bomb blast, a government vehicle belonging to the agriculture department of the state government was damaged in the front.
In this announcement, the District Magistrate of SWKH District said that no one will be allowed to use notices or distribute leaflets within 100 meters of the polling stations without the permission of the District Election. Officer.
The trees were removed immediately within a few hours.
The launch of this aircraft will help the people of Meghalaya in traveling by about two hours. this this.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday vowed to file a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court alleging that the Vice Chancellor of Northern University Prof. PS Shukla has violated the rules of the University Grants Commission (CRR) by illegally appointing Rohit Prasad as a Technical Consultant at NEHU. JAC Chairman Prof Lakhon Kma has alleged that Prof. Shukla has been unclean recently in an interview with the media regarding the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Consultant. It is a misleading statement to the students and teachers of NEHU and the people of Meghalaya.
The government is working to improve the education sector in the state.
He registered as a Muktiar on 27th July 1986 until his appointment as a Judge of the Madras High Court on 14th June 2025 and was appointed as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya on 2nd June 2024 and today. He was sworn in as the 12th Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya.
Sounder is the former President of the Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and founder of the People's Democratic Movement (PDM), which won three MLAs in the Assembly elections. It was held in
On the other hand, the CoMSO has sent a clear message to the BJP leader in Meghalaya that the CoMSO will not allow the implementation of the CAA. They have decided to take measures to protest against the Government of India's decision on the ILP, to protest against the Governor's withdrawal of the MRSSA Amendment Bill
The two sumos were seized by the police in Upper Shillong. From these sumos, the HNLC members identified as Tony Roy Pale class VIII of Kyrdem village, were arrested. Shanbor Maring Class III and Kyrshan Khyriem Class VIII are both from Mawtnum and all three are from Ri Bhoi District.
The name of Winnerson D Sangma was proposed by Process T Sawkmie and Charles Pyngrope, both Congress MLAs.
New Delhi, Nailar 16: The Union Minister of State for Education and Skill Development, Dharmendra Pradhan, has urged the people of the country to take part in the census for the National Curriculum Framework. new training offerings.
Police Outposts should be set up on the border but not for foreigners, such as Mukroh should be set up by Jaintia, Langpih should be set up by West Khasi Hills because they know the border. Sam, said Mr. Kharbani.
Speaking to media, he said that so far, 8000 people have registered with the government.
BJYM Meghalaya President Samla Egenstar Kurkalang.
The arrested person was identified as Wesefield C Marak.
The system will thus help the police to find the lost mobile and prevent theft.
In the singles shooting competition, Bankerlang Kharduit of Mylliem Hima and Batskhem Ïawphniaw of Mylliem Hima came to win the title. second and third places of this competition.
The government's ban on the internet as a whole shows that the state government acknowledges that the Cyber ​​Department has failed and cannot work properly.
He said that if everyone does not participate in the changing times, it will be difficult to achieve the goal of Swacch Bharat Abhiyan.
Another allegation against Bah Donnie Ranee is that he demanded a share of the money of the children who won competitions abroad, who received awards from the Meghalaya government. He demanded 10 percent of the scholarships they receive and 5 percent of the scholarships they receive from the government and those who refused to pay what he demanded, he expelled them.
Barihun Kharlukhi said that she has worked hard for a year to reap this fruit of happiness.
The conference was held following the implementation of three new criminal laws namely the Indian Penal Code 2023, the Indian Citizenship Protection Act 2023 and the Indian Penal Code Code 1860, the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 and the Indian Evidence Act, 1872.
The State Government has opened up opportunities for the youth through the Skills Meghalaya Scheme, in which it has also provided financial assistance of T.50,000 thousand through the MSSDS.
In a complaint lodged by Poonam Singh at Laban Police Station, she said, “This morning I sent my husband to pay some expenses for my son. my.
“This is a car theft and a gang of thieves,” said SP East Garo Hills Bah SA Rynjah in a statement sent to the media.
Shillong, Nailur 04: There is nothing wrong with the discussion within the party. It is only a discussion of understanding.
There are 7 recoveries, 6 cases from East Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the Veterinary Dispensary has many shortcomings in all aspects. There is no toilet for the staff and doctors, and there is no electricity for night use,” said the KSU Namdong Unit.
Another deceased was identified as Binod Kumar Geonka, 66, resident of Paltan Bazar. He was taken to Super Care Hospital on 25th July He was taken to NEIGHRIHMS for treatment.
“If others are allowed when there are enough people, it can be said that it is a corrupt government,” said the KSU leader.
Bah Charles said that he is deeply concerned about the spread of drug trafficking. To fight against it, the law enforcement agencies alone cannot. The KHADC should direct all the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate.
RS Sharma, President, RNB Cements, took the lead and in his speech said that by planting these trees it will help to clean up the environment.
If Khasi are attacked by foreigners, the police department does not take action and there are police who want to cover up the incident or by intimidating the family members and forcibly send peace even if the incident has happened. They were injured, while the Khasi youths were killed like they were killed.
I have resigned from the post of MLA to get the Civil Sub-Division,” said Bah Danggo.
This increase in private sector participation will lead to an increase in India's contribution to the global economy," he added.
The arrival of Magistrate EJHD (Kong D.Phawa) and police on the night of the 5th of this month at Tongseng (Narpuh) with 5 damper vehicles carrying stones during the road blockade hours of 17 Dorbar Shnongs The Magistrates have requested the Rangbah Shnong of Tongseng who is also the Chairman of the 17 Dorbar Shnongs of Namchiang to end the protest. u street.
This exciting event is, offering a unique opportunity for families and aviation enthusiasts to witness the IAF’s capabilities firsthand.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that if the CAB works and if the North East is not released, he will have to leave the BJP party and his supporters. he.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities (FDA) Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The All Meghalaya Association of Persons with Disabilities will hold a protest on 03 November
The Lamphang also expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling for his initiative in this regard in this regard, the housing scheme which has been allocated T.2.88 crore. start implementing soon.
The songs will be solo for Western songs, contemporary songs in any language of the North Eastern Region of India. and those who came were fifty thousand.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
Gagan Deep and 700 NCC students who participated.
He said that the government will not allow them to take leave if they test positive for COVID-19, while those who have not tested positive for COVID-19 will not be allowed to take leave if they test positive for COVID-1 The order was issued today by the office of the Chief Secretary.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, AMSSASTA said that the salary increase was for the first time in 2017 and since 2018 the Government has not increased the salaries of school teachers. SSA. “We have served in SSA schools for more than twenty years and we have contributed to the development of education along with other tasks assigned to us.
Pray for each other and encourage each other, so that you will not lose heart now.
At the same time, preparations are underway to pump water from these coal mines to install new pumps.
All these were confirmed by the President of the State Youth Wing.
Speaking to reporters, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that under para 2.2, 80 percent Combined Reservation has been allocated at the District Level. of the Districts'
The three persons who surrendered to the police today did not carry any weapons and they arrested only civilians.
He said the foundation stone of the 500-bed super specialty hospital was laid today for research in collaboration with IIT Guwahati.
The Vivanta Hotel, which was opened today, is an example that even in the midst of difficulties, we must stand forward with perseverance and determination to complete this work even in the midst of difficulties. many problems.
During a thorough investigation to track down the hideouts of the members of this group, police also seized necessary items including mobile phones and other documents.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting and killing of Khasi by the authorities from time to time in Meghalaya especially in Shillong, a city dominated by foreign authorities.
Because the Garo have a population of 9 lakh while the Khasi-Jaintia have a population of 14 lakh.
This is the record.
The heroin seized weighing 58.78 grams was seized by the police under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Regarding the construction of roads, it is true that the Indian Road Congress has laid down rules for the whole country, but regarding these rules, the state has gone further in The government has done this according to the demand of the land as Meghalaya is the rainiest state in the world.
"They covered their faces and just asked straight inside and that's all you can't tell who they are," he added.
At that time, Telan Tohtih, Sar Tohtih of Mawlongbna (Umeit) and their followers, who had covered their faces, forced the Rangbah from the vehicle and robbed him. They covered him with clothes and shot him from parts of the body until he sustained serious injuries for unknown reasons.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Paul said that after the Election Commission has announced the election, they will sit after the House has resumed and they will be able to say who will contest. this is the election.
Recalling the tenure of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister of India and BJP leader, David Kharsati, General Secretary, said that he is determined to bring about a clean and transparent governance in the country. the whole country.
When we have our own land we can build a Government and stand as an independent nation.
The meeting was held at Iawmusiang, Jowai on 28th October.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent to the media on Thursday said that it has already identified the suspect. on the death of Mr. Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew.
The Director Recruiting Col AK Sinha, in charge of Army Recruitment, has thanked the district authorities for their support in many ways since today until the end of the day. 25th of this month.
If the JAC finds any trucks carrying excessive limits, it will take public action to arrest the illegal coal/mawshun trucks and hand them over to the authorities or even lodge a complaint. A youth from Nongstoiñ area who did not want to be named or face expressed his deep sorrow over the lack of attention and care of the technicians in charge of the E-ray and others within the Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital have been arrested for their duty to enter the hospital in case of emergency.
The villages that will benefit from this road are more than 90 villages, from Nongstoin to Duh Ranikor. , It is for this reason that the residents of this area have demanded that the KHADC should not issue the NOC for the construction of the road.
Shillong, Lber 29: Sister Julia N Mawjaw, 91, was buried in Krishnanagar, Nadia District, West Bengal today.
Other office bearers of the party who were elected as General Secretary, Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Titostarwell Chyne, Nujorki Sungoh, Lahkmen Rymbui, Donbok Khymdeit, Renikton Tongkhar, Rikman Sangma and LC Momin.
The union said that many parents have complained that their children who are still studying could become mentally ill if the curfew is extended due to the rapid spread of the second wave of the disease. COVID 19.
To fight against this, the Government has decided to take all necessary measures to eradicate this drug trafficking which has destroyed the society, this task falls under the NDPS Act
said Samla Egenstar President BJYM, Meghalaya.
Police are investigating the reason why the HANM leader bought the illegal firearms.
Before the end of the meeting, Bah Manly Nongpluh Finance Secretary KSU CEC and Samla Alerick Kharjana, Assistant Office Secretary KSU CEC, handed over the school supplies to the management of the school. KSU Mawkynrew Circle President Elas Umsong.
Aristotle Rymbai, President of MSSASA, said that since 2013, the 4th Teachers have demanded from the State Government to increase the salary equal to the salary of the SSA teachers. SSA UP and LP schools across the state.
“I was elected as CEM according to the rules of the AD Rule in the House and as soon as I was elected I said I was CEM, where is that rule to say that the government must recognize it?” he asked. Bah Proverbs.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The mother said that she was taken from her karma of working abroad in the presence of men whom she did not know and in this incident they threatened her that if she continues to do the same they will do the same. you're strong.
The public toilet is maintained and operated by Sulabh International after being constructed through the Corporate Social Responsibility Scheme of Antrix Corporation Ltd of Bangalore which is a Government agency.
On this occasion, the Speaker of the House said that to accept the motion of no confidence in the Executive Committee, it must represent four parts of the members of the Executive Committee. the dorbar hall in the seats where the members of the dorbar are located.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the villagers of Balat said that the water has flooded the ground to the point where there are houses and this has caused panic among the residents of Balat.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office has made it clear that shops within the Mylliem Hima will not be allowed to open on Sunday and this will continue until further notice. .
Shillong, November 08: The Pomlakrai Dorbar has expressed its special gratitude to Dr Mukul Sangma, Minister of Sports, Bah John F. MSOA, M War Nongbri, IAS, Director Sports, J Lakiang, Chief Engineer, Lamborsing Nongrum, President, Nongkrem Sports Club, and senior officers from the Sports Department of the State. The approval to accept the Pomlakrai Pyllun Stadium for the construction of one of the largest indoor stadiums in Meghalaya for the National Games
There are 11 doctors who have gone to treat the people who have come to take medicine.
In order to further strengthen the services to women and children in Assam, the opening of 3000 Model Anganwadi Centers today is a commendable achievement.
The residents of this area are farmers and the poor condition of the road has made it difficult for the farmers to transport their produce due to the increase in traffic.
He suggested that the money of the Council should be deposited directly into the account of the Council.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the release of the names of the youth through the Ministry of Agriculture is very surprising to see that it is lymbruh lymbram when they talk about the special allocation. but when they saw that it was no longer a separate portion but a common portion.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, provides training to about 6,000 youth per annum in Computer subjects, conducted in more than three phases.
On the other hand, Nahim D Shira, MLA, while raising the issue in the House, demanded that the expenses should be paid and a committee of inquiry should be appointed. The government should appoint a commission of inquiry and pay compensation to the families of those who were shot by the police.
It is unfortunate that ignorant people have taken decisions in their own wisdom, that our independent work was initiated by our organization in connection with this project and tried to publish it publicly without the knowledge of NEST (I) Founder Frustee and Chairperson Elizabeth Mathews Nongbri said in a statement sent to the Shillong Press Club (SPC).
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is still investigating the cause of the disease.
This will soon be accepted in other countries.
On the other hand, Bah Andrew Simon, Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly, said that the debate in the Legislative Assembly will be broadcast on cable TV from 10.00 pm on the days of the Legislative Assembly.
“Those involved in the training sector, think carefully about the discussion in the field of research so that they can see the increase in income in this area,” he said.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah M Lyngdoh Joint Director said that due to the elections, the tender could not be called in time as the tender called earlier has expired in July. u year.
Shillong, July 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today directed all the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police across the state to be The National Registration of Citizens in Assam has been issued.
The awarding of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang by the Government of India will probably be a history in the State and India as a whole because it is closer to the leaders of the pressure groups. Group will receive special recognition until they receive the National Youth Award along with the Silver Medal for their contribution to the society and the nation as a whole. I encourage other Para Leaders who are in the Bhalang groups because although this young man is in the group of the strongest party in the state but through his hard work to find ways and means Don't be like that leader who introduced the State Youth Policy in Meghalaya.
In another incident, a 17-year-old boy has gone missing from his home for three days and the search for him is ongoing. look for this young man.
“Eight years ago, Indian athletes played in 20-25 sports.
Along with the economic situation, people's attitudes towards apprenticeships are also important.
The MoPNG will allocate funds for larger projects and will also coordinate the release of funds for the project.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Chairman Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the MDA has decided to confirm the to reject the resolution brought by the Congress against the Speaker of the House.
The collapse of the National Highway-6 has affected even the people from other states who pass through this road.
Speaking on the achievements after 2014, the Minister said that LPG connections have increased from 50-55% of the villages to about 100% now. , the availability of household water has increased many times in the last six years, he said.
“Even in the midst of many meetings and discussions, the difficult task is still pending.
The raid on the residence of the party leader happened twice at 7.00 pm on Friday and at 1.00 pm on Tuesday.
“Narpuh area is the most affected area due to the power outage,” said Samla Syrosse Lamare.
When contacted by this reporter, many of the people in Shillong said that they want change and this change has come and they are waiting for the BJP government under the leadership of Modi's bid will give the people the satisfaction they want.
In West Khasi Hills, the party has set up a checkpoint at Athiabari and at this place the party members have arrested about 500 people who have come from Assam and the party will continue to wait for this. The District Administration of West Khasi Hills has not yet done anything in this regard.
At present, the world is facing problems in the field of agriculture due to soil erosion, drought, salt water shortage. Genetically Modified crops and the time has come for people to turn to these good seeds.
Sabita Saha, 55, of Sepoy Colony, Tura, has died of the disease in West Garo Hills District. The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Those who pass from Khasi and Jaintia Hills will be trained in Shillong and those who pass from Garo Hills will be trained in Tura.
On this occasion, Bah Sniawbhlang inspected the construction of the Shopping Complex and Parking Park at Khyndai Lad in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, CEO of the Municipal, Contractors and others. other de.
The President said that when the country gained independence, the North East was very different from what we see today.
At the time of publication, no tragic incident has occurred except for the loss of goods inside the warehouse.
The 25 Khasi States as individual states and as a Union of the Federation of Khasi States and these treaties and promises were signed by the Governor General of India on 17th August 1948 along with the provisions of the Annexed Agreements. (AA).
“And we cannot just do this, because we have to think whether there is anything to do with the law, because without the support of the law, the registration of land is not strong,” he said. Ardent said that the EC will consider this issue, to create the mechanisms how to pass a law, to strengthen the registration of land within the boundary of KHADC so that those who are on the border with the KHADC Assam, they didn't leave.
From time to time, the Seng finds that applicants have to wait for 4-5 years for the recruitment process to be completed.
On this occasion, the PDF launched the party's theme song, slogan and leaflet.
Many young men and women from Sonapyrdi village came to take part in this competition, but there were only seven winners, three men and three women.
The UDP has no intention of saying that it will dissolve the ARPA in KHADC or to overthrow the CEM, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
On the other hand, the Executive Engineer said that there has been an inspection by NHIDCL without the knowledge of the PWD department. He said that they have received only Minor Repairs for this road.
For the first time, the AITC has released the names of the candidates for 52 constituencies and at the meeting to be held on 24/1/2023, the party will announce the five candidates from the Khasi Hills. With this announcement, the AITC will nominate candidates from all 60 constituencies.
On the other hand, the BSF troops on the border are vigilant to ensure that smugglers or criminals do not smuggle into India or smugglers from India do not enter Bangladesh.
According to the HYC, these people did not come out to carry placards because they did not respect the rules and regulations of the government or did not cooperate with the government authorities to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. and you don't have to eat.
He said that it is important to provide information and make the people aware of various diseases because many people don't know anything and if they don't know anything it is very difficult to eradicate the diseases.
The Chief Minister has expressed his deep sorrow over the tragic incident which has destroyed this school which has been serving for more than 100 years.
At this meeting, it was decided that if anyone is involved in the Lawmai Forest and the government forests in the area, the police should arrest them whether they are drug addicts or drug traffickers.
After the rituals from the top of the market, the rituals were performed at the foot of the market with a knia ka khriam at Basa Tympew and the children of the Raid Mylliem performed a dance.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sohra Circle in the presence of Education Secretary Samla Mesadapbor Skhembil in the presence of KSU Education Secretary Samla Ethelbert Khongrymmai and members of the KSU Sohra on the road.
The investigation is still ongoing and progressing for further investigation, and only those who have found it have admitted that the present science is based on the legend or the science of the past.
Shillong, March 09: U Sarbananda Sonowal, Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, today addressed a meeting of the Union of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (IAS) on the issue of road safety. how to strengthen AYUSH in Meghalaya and North East.
Meghalaya still has 76% forest cover, to encourage the protection of forest cover, the government has provided financial support to 3000 groups and individuals for their ability to maintain the forest cover. marijuana to 55,000 hectares.
If two people with sickle cell trait marry, their children can also develop sickle cell disease.
Titos said that so far the census has been collected by the enforcement from three zones including Goldflink Polo Nongmynsong, Barik Malki Point, Dhanketi Laitumkhrah and Red Cross.
He said an ICT has been deployed to look into the cases and that efforts to fill vacant posts at all levels of law enforcement are on.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs spoke in detail about the problems faced by the villagers in the areas affected by the protest and urged the government to immediately withdraw the police from entering the protest. villages and to shoot sniper bullets in the grounds of people's houses.
The political parties contesting the MDC election are the Congress, the United Democratic Party, the Hill State People's Democratic Party and the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement.
The BSF has stepped up its patrolling on the border with Bangladesh to curb these smuggling activities.
With this incident, it will take at least another shiphew or eleven months to complete the dorbar hall.
The launch of the booklet was held on the occasion of the 5th Anniversary of the Moid government. The booklet contained the works of the BJP government. .In his speech, Ajay Jamwal said that in the last five years, there have been many changes under the leadership of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in which development works have reached the remote areas of the country. The government has done a lot of work in the past five years.
Today, the collapse of roads and the collapse of bridges is not only in this district but has affected all the districts, where many roads have been cut off and many villages have faced difficulties in coming and going.
He expressed his satisfaction that the BJP and NDA ruled states have held such Rozgar Mela from time to time.
Over the past 75 years, the northeast has made progress in several areas.
The three robbers were identified as Sunil Boro and Sahadev Basumatary, while Turti Basumatary surrendered to the police. also handed over a pistol along with two unexploded bullets.
Shillong, November 05: The COMSO will convene a meeting on the 7th of this month to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill
“The Minister of Meghalaya has tested positive for COVID-19 and his name has been withheld,” the statement said.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Ka Marynthing – The Khasi Traditional Dress Competition 2022 has ended on Saturday in the presence of Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). as the chief guest on that day.
The EC also accepted the suggestion of the opposition to urge the government to help those poor families, those who do not have ration cards, those who do not have job cards, those who drive commercial vehicles, those who rent houses.
The petition states that out of the 12 buses that are currently running to transport the students, there are only 7 buses.
Paul said the government hopes that no incidents of violence should occur during the border talks for a smooth and orderly talks and to ensure this, the government needs to take opinion from all involved in this settlement negotiation.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The four-day annual beh Deinkhlam festival in Jowai Elaka has started today amidst the traditional rituals.
A case has been registered under Section 302 of the IPC and the investigation has been handed over to SI B Singh.
“We appreciate the speed of work of the previous MUA-II Government in relation to the relocation of Wapung C&RD Block to Lumshnong area in a short period of time.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) stands firm throughout India to hold a mass march that is truly peaceful and not illegal as it is the right of everyone among the citizens. of the country to express their feelings and also to protect each other through full solidarity.
Speaking at the public meeting, he said that the Congress party's belief that the ethnic parties cannot do anything in Delhi. He asked whether the Congress party had been elected or not.
From the famous Muga Silk from Assam, WangkheiPheeba from Manipur, carpets from Arunachal Pradesh and Sohtrun from Tripura, it was a pleasure to exhibit more than 25 GI products from our Ashtlakh states. More than 20 stalls were held to showcase the traditional handicrafts of the North East including Majuli mask making, weaving, silk production from lotus flower and others.
Recognized universities and NAAC with less than 'A' grade or below 100 ranks in the current NIRF ranking will be considered according to the training provided by the team. If the UGC Committee fails to resolve the shortcomings, the UGC may recommend withdrawal of permission to start new training courses or programs by the UGC Committee. be recognized as universities, in any field, in their educational institution or other educational institutions.
In fact, the land of the raid cannot be sold, those who should not own the land are only the heirs.
Maharana Pratap Education Institute, Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh.21.
The deadline for candidates who wish to withdraw from the MLA election 2018 is 12th June 2018 which is the first day.
“As the school teachers, we also request the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to have mercy on the day teachers and increase the honorarium from the Government of India,” she said. King.
In fact, Labor Officers have been appointed in Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block and the Infiltration Directorate has been appointed in the state. claim.
At this meeting, it was decided to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill and as a sign of opposition to the CAB which Amit Shah promised that the BJP government will bring it back in the next Parliament. protest in all the states on 3.10.2019 and in Meghalaya will be held in Shillong.
Before entering FTII in 2022, Chidanand S Naiku was selected as one of the 75 Creative Minds at the 53rd International Film Festival of India (IFFI). talented in filmmaking.
“Before winning the elections, it is important to win the love of the people,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The BJP party in West Khasi Hills Mairang today attended a public meeting led by Bah CS Wallang.
The Government understands the need to strengthen the health sector by improving infrastructure, employment, modern equipment, it is here that you don't have to worry about money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Cabinet has decided to name the new district as Eastern West Khasi Hills District which will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma on Tuesday. on 10/11/2021 at Tihdang Square, Mairang.
Because the Dorbar Ri is open to all, non-party and non-religious, as usual in all Dorbar Ri, all political parties are invited to take part in this Dorbar. Ri to speak on the work of the Hima.
During the meeting with the members of the State Legal Service Authority, he said the purpose of the meeting was to understand the working of the courts in Meghalaya. They are not good compared to other states in India.
Robert June Kharjahrin President of the party urges the people to work together to overcome this disease.
Sarbeswar Basumatary is a farmer and a member of the Advisory Board of the Fisheries Department of Chirang District, Assam.
“I am very pleased to have the opportunity to stand for the future of our state and to express my pride in their achievements which will also fulfill our dreams and hopes.
The union said that such incidents of killing of people on the border have shocked the people of the area as such attacks happen from time to time.
With the launch of these vehicles today, the purpose of testing the food items manufactured and sold to the public is to ensure that the food items for the public are of good quality and safe to eat. enough for the people to eat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Congress Spokesperson Zenith M Sangma has alleged that there has been corruption in the electricity generation department of the Meghalaya government. ).
Some have called this “a withdrawal of authority.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Director of Military Recruitment in the North East, Colonel Tarun Kumar, on Tuesday said that the Army has opposed as much as possible to work with the Army. Government authorities and Deputy Commissioners to inform about this recruitment even to the villagers.
Speaking at the launch ceremony, Bah Michel Kharsyntiew said that many people from abroad believe that the founder of the ATM was born at this hospital and the hospital will celebrate its 100th anniversary. year.
Shillong, Nailar 20: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Executive Member in charge of Land Affairs within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that so far there has been no complaint. Sohra.
From now on, all departments will have to move according to the roster.
New Delhi, Jymmang 06: The Central Government will allocate T.75,000 per household to provide access to poor households.
He also reminded that the Khasi identity is rooted in the land, the kur and the language, which needs to be preserved for the future of the society.
In the middle of the public meeting, the Union presented the report of the Union and concluded with the Anthem of the Seng.
AIWEFA (Delhi), CWAI (Kolkata),Philatelic Club, Gauhati, Assam.
To date, more than 300,000 people have been trained under Skill India.
This was discovered by the Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit on Tuesday in the presence of members of FKJGP Nongstoin Circle and village leaders. the roads have shocked and amazed many.
The lack of health care for parents also leads to child marriage without understanding the nature of parenthood. drug.
In another verdict issued on 30/09/2019 against Bah Baksterwll Kharshilot, the Special Court sentenced him to three years imprisonment with imprisonment under the provisions of the POSCO Act.
On the other hand, the owners should have detailed information and keep the documents of the employees and should submit them to the police station where they fall. only to do awary things inside their houses.
The church demands from the central government and the Supreme Court of the country that there should be a strict law against those who commit such crimes. they shall not be punished severely.
The Prime Minister said that the law will do whatever is necessary as long as the law exists. He said that he has taken this step to ensure that those involved will be brought to justice.
There are festivals like Baisakhi, Pohela Boishakh, Puthandu and Vishu during this time which is also the time of the New Year in different states.
Shillong, July 02: U Dr. DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee and Chief Executive Member of the State Government on Tuesday, May 31, 2017 visited several households in Nongkya District, Ribhoi District. who died after suffering from food poisoning on Sunday at the Balang U Blei service in Nongkya.
There are 153 recoveries in the state today, 2859 recoveries, 136932 samples taken, 131071 negative cases and 131071 returnees. There are 39808 cases in the state so far.
Today in this meeting with the government was to find out what happened and according to the information they have received from all over the state and what they talked about is to fix the shortcomings if any.
In order to improve income generation in the region, the Minister of Home Affairs said that there is a need to prepare schemes that can be done and those that have to be done even by themselves are time consuming. .
Translation into Khasi Literature – A review of some of the poems translated into Khasi by Dr. Rosa Mystica Mawlong, teacher of Khasi subject at St. Edmund's College, Shillong .
“The AJYWO is deeply surprised at the spread of such illegal shops.
It is made in the image of a king who is looking forward to the battlefield, holding firmly the sword and spear and ready to sacrifice himself for the sake of the country and the nation.
Shah said with this preparation of the approach proposed by Modi in the Paris Agreement, the whole world is fighting against global warming and reducing carbon emissions.
The Deputy Commissioner has announced that all schools and colleges, government offices and courts in the district will be closed on that day.
Furthermore, 56 shortcomings in the infrastructure to reach the ports and for the transportation of goods such as coal, dewbilat, agricultural chemicals and foodstuffs have been identified for correction. .
The Union Minister for Environment, Forest & Climate Change and Information & Broadcasting, Shri Prakash Javadekar addressing a press conference regarding some important issues related to the Ministry, in New Delhi on October 07, 2019.
At present, according to the government's wish, it is to take more than 9 crore feet of land.
After accepting his resignation (3/9/2018), he is no longer a member of the CEC and cannot hold any new elections for the members of the CEC. Pyndap said that within 11 days on 14/09-2018, he went to the ECI where he was re-elected as the president of the party. “If you are elected as the president of the party,” said Bah Pyndapbor.
Referring to the election campaign, he said that the people of Garo Hills have accepted the BJP party and understand that the people know what the BJP party is through the schemes implemented by the Modi government across the country. India in which they also took part.
“In Khasi Hills, there are many Garo residents, which means that in Garo Hills they get 80% of the income while in Khasi Hills they have to get 40%, this is the truth,” he said. HYC President Robert June Kharjahrin.
“I request the teacher to please give your teaching to the children of Larnai so that these children can have a bright future because education is the foundation,” he said.
They were arrested by the Shillong Special Police Cell.
“I admit that there are some shortcomings in the working but it is not right to dissolve the EC and create a new EC every day.
Shillong, March 05: U Maxwell G Momin, resident of Rongjeng Silchang, on 3rd March 2017, informed the Chief Conservator of Wildlife Department, East Garo Hills, Williamnagar that there is a kangaroo. The incident occurred at the house of Jonggat Momin in Rongjeng Silchang village.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the incident at Mahadev Khla has nothing to do with any religious organization.
For more information and forms please call 6033387571, 7005210641,
There are 64 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state today. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that 64 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued several guidelines in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic.
The fire destroyed the entire house as it was a tin house and all the belongings inside the house were burnt down in an instant.
He said the Government will also set up a Committee headed by the Chief Secretary to consider and approve the applications of these officers.
Furthermore, Bah ES Majaw encouraged the youth to preserve their traditional Khasi dress, language, culture and dignity and to fight for our rights. as a nation by expressing that as a nation we have three important parts to identify us, namely blood, language and culture.
Shillong, July 21: Police escort of Home Minister HDR Lyngdoh, ASBI, K Gobin Singh and LNK/303 Talainbor Syiemiong today lodged a First Information Report against the driver. The vehicle (ML05-M-8336) was an Alto 800 Tourist Taxi driven by Bah Mintra Kurbah.
The road blockade was closer to the venue of the public hearing, where the residents threw stones on the road to prevent vehicles from entering the venue. The public hearing and the school children carried placards to express their opposition to the proposal of Star Cement.
He said this while opening the five-day exhibition of the Indian Independence Struggle held at All Saint Halls Shillong.
A short meeting was conducted by Babu Phring Lynshing, Teacher, Nawsna Press School.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Land Affairs, Bah Latiplang Khrkongor, introduced the Second Amendment Rules
The Seng also said that if those involved in this crime have any reason, they should take legal action without any intention to take the precious life of a human being.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Umjaiur Unit under the leadership of its President Samla Kitbok Kyndiah this morning inspected two electric posts inside the village in Block , to the residents of the village at any time, especially during these rainy seasons.
In his speech, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that this will be a great help to the state and at the same time to help the traders to be comfortable in collecting their taxes.
Initially, the problem arose only during the excavation of the foundation of the house where it had to be dug down to 25 meters because the land is sharing. Thank you very much for this work and the work has gone smoothly.
Besides the distribution of medicines, the school children and residents were also given relief items such as clotheslines, walking aids, tables, chairs and ball kits for The cost of purchasing all the items for the children is T.2.95 lakh.
Of these, 187 villages and hamlets fall under Mawsynram and 32 villages and 32 hamlets fall under Mawphlang Block.
Police have arrested all three persons and they are now at Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Who is that Gopal Dey?,” said the KSU in a statement sent to the media on Saturday through its General Secretary Donald V. Thabah.
“I have worked hard in my small capacity as an MDC because I cannot just look after the problems of the people,” he said. “The T.3 crore scheme distributed today is only the beginning and as a leader I will not rest. work for the welfare of the people"
He said that Mawrung will not have even one of these problems faced by the residents. He came to inspect the problems faced by the residents. The most sad thing is the lack of light in the Umsiang area. electricity a day electricity comes only three or four hours a day.
On the other hand, the KSU said that they will not sit idly by in this regard even if they have to go to the house of the judge. The KSU will not be able to stop this action of the JHADC. Shillong, November 01: The Joint Action Committee of Sohiong Hima under the leadership of Bah Pruningstar Sabong as Chairman and Bah Marchkupar Thabah General Secretary today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC demanding the removal of the Hima Sohiong. Bashephang Thabah has been appointed as the Lyngdoh of Sohiong.
The Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong, Bah PH Shylla said that the SDRF has extinguished the fire which lasted for 40 hours in collaboration with other government departments.
At the same time, the opposition suggested at the meeting that the government should make public the names of the people so that they can better prevent the spread of COVID-1 The government should also inform the village and the village.
He also urged the people to support the party in this election because without the support of the people the struggle of the party is meaningless and as a nation we will not be able to implement the laws that will protect us as a nation. nation.
The severe cold weather has caused loss of agriculture in the area as many of the people are still living in agriculture.
Shillong, March 16: Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, today visited the Nongmynsong Health Centre.
Through this, the Hima, Raid, Villages and Townships have been able to preserve their customs and traditions. I am happy that the State has celebrated its 50th anniversary as a State and India will celebrate its 75 Since 1950, the Central Government has established the customs and traditions that the Central Government has given to the people of the North East.
Mairang, Iaiong 23: Due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 in the country and the state and as part of ensuring the health of the public, the Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of The Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang has directed all commercial vehicles to follow the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Out of the 1500 families who lost their loved ones in the collapse of the coal mine at Ksan in East Jaintia Hills District, nine families have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner to urge him to stop this search for the victims of this tragedy.
The country has got a new goal and hope.
On the occasion, Vini Mahajan, Secretary DDWS, highlighted the progress of the JalJeevan Mission.
Despite these difficulties, the BDO has approved the group of Rangbah Shnong.
The AJYWO has immediately helped the child by lodging an FIR at the Jowai Police Station on the same day. the case continued.
This action of the school authorities has shocked the parents who send their children to study in the school and it has become clear that the authorities cannot forcefully expel the children but through These techniques will help them to get rid of the children from the school.
Expressing his gratitude and encouragement, the Managing Director of JETS 24×7, Bah Pynskhemlang W.Uriah, thanked the FKJGP Central Body for its support from time to time. when as a group it needs organizational inputs.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The second meeting of the G20 Anti-Corruption Working Group was inaugurated on 25th June by the Union Minister of State for Defense and Tourism, Ajay Bhatt. It came to an end today in Rishikesh.
Three persons from East Khasi Hills District have been admitted to hospital for treatment.
In the mid-term elections, the INC and NPP have fielded candidates in all three constituencies, the UDP has fielded candidates in two constituencies, Rajabala and Mawphlang, the BP has fielded candidates only in Rajabala. They are only in Mawryngkeng and Rajabala.
They shall also send letters to the villages, Himas and Raids and they shall cooperate to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
During the meeting, the ICAR officer in talks with the farmers explained how to plant the niamtra tree and how to get the best seedlings.
On the other hand, the HYC urges the Chairman of the MPSC to release the results as it is still time consuming to complete the call for recruitment. Shillong, Nailar 22: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (HYC) Shillong today held a meeting to discuss the issue of drinking water distributed by the PHE department. and the Shillong Municipal Board from all over the city.
Bashai Rai Dohling and Marius Main Sing Shanpru were elected.
These government officials under the leadership of the local MLA of the area, today, visited the government hospitals from PHC to CHC to inspect the government hospitals from PHC to CHC. understand how to improve the facilities of these hospitals for the benefit of the people of the area.
From time to time, the party has met with Bah Pynshngain N.Syiem, Chief Executive Member of KHADC on this issue and the CEM has explained to the party that this T.4.5 crore This is only the release of funds from the initial allocation of T.25 crore which the Council has promised to build this road and confirmed that there will be other parts which the Council will continue to repair and clean. This is the road.
In an interview with the doctor, he said that there is still a shortage of man powers including MBBS doctors, staff nurses, labs, LDs, oxygen concentrators.
In this tragic incident, the family members of the deceased were not able to attend the funeral service due to the curfew to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Abdul Roshido of Namabilla which falls under Balachanda GHADC constituency.
Flybig, which has signed a soskular with the state government, has taken over the Spiciejet aircraft but due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the past two years, it has had to suspend the operation. Shillong to Delhi.
He said that in a complaint to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission, the volunteer demanded that the police involved in this case should be punished.
To bring development projects to the people, it is necessary to use the resources according to the present era where the benefits go to the people to fight corruption, corruption is the biggest enemy. but the society shall be destroyed.
The people of the country have aspirations, face challenges and these have their own role.
It was found that many schemes have not been implemented properly according to the allocation made by the government to the people but have been implemented in a friendly manner.
On the demand for a replacement leader, he said that there is no such thing, he said that from now on they will strengthen the party and the party congress will come back to victory with the cooperation of all.
At the same time, the Minister said that the map has not been published for sale to the public, it has been used only for government purposes. including those areas which are between the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
On the other hand, Dr Jitendra Singh explained in detail about the areas under the leadership of Prime Minister, Narendra Modi that have been discussed to promote economic development in the North East.
On this day there was a spirit.
The Seng appeals to the Villages and Himas across the country not to issue Residential Certificates to non-citizens, as this affects the education allocation allocated to the youth. Your country is Hynniewtrep.
This is according to a statement issued by the office of the DC Ri Bhoi.
This is just a trick of a few MLAs who are fighting with the people.
For tourists and local residents who have not registered as delegates for the festival, IFFI 53 has decided to set a goal.
The salary has been set by the state government and the payment is throughout the state. They are only employees and not employers. FASTOM was also accompanied by civil society organizations.
This shows that this letter has been sent to the map.
The union feels that there should be a thorough investigation into this incident before it is time for this bridge.
Speaking to reporters, the KSU leader said that at present there are four dewbilat factories in the area and they have suffered environmental damage from the presence of these factories. the Lukha River and the Lyer.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Sylvester Nongtynger, said that the Navy team arrived today and 14 of them are submariners. spirit together with the cor pum um.
He also urged the public to be vigilant and not to allow anyone to deposit counterfeit money into their bank accounts.
Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle, Warif Uddin Laskar, from Surapur, Gumrah, Assam. The driver was identified as Masum Uddin from Bangladesh.
Mobile phones, Bangla SIM cards and other items were seized from them.
On this day, the employees of GHADC left their children and hands to their workplaces to take part in the office blockade due to the inability of the EC to pay their salaries. the house is theirs.
Taking part in the discussion on the Budget, Dr Mukul said that the order to conduct an inquiry by the Deputy Commissioner was issued on 4th July,
Banteidor said that the fish farming industry in Meghalaya has been encouraged since 1976 by the KVIC, but the government wants the current fish farming method to be in accordance with the This is the era of technology by using the equipment of this state as the basis for the production of ksing ri ngap.
The Government should allow them to submit the forms from the villages where they have them, according to a statement sent by Bah Enlang Sawian HYC Secretary in charge of Education.
When asked, he said, “The MRSSA 2016 does not have the wings to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and what we see is that this Act is only to count the residents. but you don't have a register to count those who come from outside.
COMSO is aware that Bah Hek won the election from the foreigners and is now trying to increase the number of foreigners in Meghalaya so that he can become the Prime Minister.
Shillong, March 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle today held a rally to continue the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the MRSSA.
The Fest is part of the NESOJ's mission to showcase and promote the culture and traditions of the North East.
Meanwhile, KAS has been following up on the matter after the House has passed the resolution to ensure that the government should expedite the sending to the Central Government. .
The Government has taken serious steps to strengthen the supply of electricity from solar energy which is known as non-conventional energy.
if any of us are stronger to fight against adversity, it is my poor brothers and sisters.
The views of the book were explained by Bah Dundee C Khongsit General Secretary of the party, President of the party Wellbird Rani and Honsen Lyngdoh who were the chief guests. sun.
The reason why we have to talk about this issue is because we need to have a Government that is capable of providing full services to us as the citizens of the State and which we need to understand. that whatever part we use here on Earth is a precious part of the people.
In this regard, the University Grant Commission (UGC) which is in charge of universities in India has issued an order that if any university does not appoint teachers after except within six months, the payment shall be cancelled.
Please call the following numbers: Director SELD- +918787545266, +91 8974026462 and 9856985092, +9
They don't even inform the village authorities and talk only to the land owners.
You don't have to choose one.
Two or three days after the incident, the Umsning Outpost Police through the Investigating Officer (IO) have sent a notice to summon Samla Gabrial Sunn. , General Secretary FKJGP Umsning Circle to investigate into the arrest of these foreigners.
Besides, she congratulated the millions of voters who turned out to take part in the elections.
Speaking at the meeting, Rev.BJ Syiemlieh stressed that as human beings, the most important thing is to teach to love our fellow human beings and our own culture and traditions. charity shall be universal to all.
Shillong, June 10: The office of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday conducted a training on how to respond to natural disasters. The meeting was held at St. Anthony's College, Shillong recently.
Thabah said he is confident that they will reach the goal because there are some mistakes in the handover of the Hima.
It was at this meeting that we had the opportunity to recognize and show appreciation for the hard work and support of some people in the field of health care in the North East.
: The Dorbar Shnong Wahsiej, Maharam Syiemship, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday honored Heprit Elambok Dkhar, 13, as a hero for his bravery in saving his life. Saphibanroy Thongni (15 years old) has been drowned in Wah Rilang on 21st June,
Dr Dr. N. Prakash, Director, ICAR Research Complex for the North East, said that the discussion was held on how to use the current information for agriculture. I am from India.
“The aim is to build a developed India with modern infrastructure, modern connectivity.
The victim was identified as Bah Mahamsing Sten, 38 years old.
The office believes that this will help the youth to get jobs in the 21st century.
He said that the overall price of electricity in the North East of India is still lower than in other states.
The delegation was led by MLA Kennedy Khyriem and Lamphrang Blah MDC. The Chief Minister said that during the meeting, they also discussed the ways and means of MeECL should take action to ensure that such incidents do not happen again.
This will be held at the Kala Academy at Festival Mile, Panjim, Goa.
In East Khasi Hills, 37 cases, 4 cases from the Army, 23 cases from BSF and 9 cases from civilians.
This person just wants to do politics because of the Assam Assembly election.
The union also demanded that the government should bring back the 36 Khasi and Jaintia villages (Block 1) to Meghalaya and repeal the Notification 1951 of the Governor of Assam.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that the Dorbar has prepared various meetings in preparation for the Dorbar Ri. The Governors including the Rangbah Shnongs and Himas of Sohra, Shella, Sohbar, Mawlong, Satsohpen, Laitkyngkot, and others will meet at 11 am on the 19th January, 2013 at the office of the Syiem of Sohra;  All the Sordars and Rangbah of the Hima Nongkhlaw will meet at 10 am on the 21st January 2013, at Mairang, Office of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw;  The meeting will be held at 11 am on 22nd January 2013 at the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoin, Khadphra (18) Dolloi District and others. Sirdar of Ri Lum Jaintia Hills will meet at 11 pm on the 25th January 2013 at Hall Tpep Pale Locality, Jowai. The Dorbar Ri at Mairang on 13th February 2013 at 10 am.
This has already been a great danger and horror to our country and nation in the rule of law.
This army was one of the fellow armies that took part in the liberation of East Pakistan from Bangladesh as it is today and it was the first army to arrive in Dhaka in .
Dr Wansaiñbor A Lyngwi is a former KSU leader while studying in college and joined the Congress party and became the General Secretary of the MPYC.
According to the RTI report, Dre Dkhar has stolen T.1,57,500/- on 02-12-2 He did not receive the money as shown in the RTI report.
The production of Dohkha from the state per annum is only 12000 MT and this has led to a shortage of Dohkha of 21000 MT per annum.
There have been 160 recoveries from the disease today, the total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 90897, the total number of cases so far is after.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) today issued a warning of heavy rain in some parts of the country. of the States of Meghalaya and Assam.
When they return to the society, it will be of benefit to the state and the country as a whole.
On the other hand, the BJYM urges the state government to take the opportunity to implement the schemes of the central government for women, food allowances for students to earn money through MUDRA to establish jobs for young people.
Mr. MH Dkhar added.
“I have a goal and a vision for this village, I am happy that the NPP has been called High Level.
After this, he was appointed as the Procurator of the Diocese of Jowai from 2009 to 2021 and from 2021 until now he has held the position of Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai.
The farmers of the area were surprised that the MLA has prepared for them the seeds of sohmrit which is very expensive in the market and which is also the first time that they have received assistance from the the part of the field is the sohmrit.
Khardewsaw, Ph.D.
At the same time, the state government has written to the central government to increase the income of parents from T.2.5 lakh tyngka. should be increased so that more students can receive this benefit.
Referring to the bill passed by the GHADC, the Vice President of the GHADC, Augustine Marak, said that the bill will not affect the Garo people who have passed the bill. This Act has been approved by the Governor of the State.
Dr. Andreas was born on 25th November 1965 in Malki.
Besides, Banpyntngenlang said that even the people involved in bringing these foreigners to Meghalaya did not come out to meet the members of the party even after waiting for about two hours.
The VECs requested the Co-Chairman, MSPB, to hold another meeting as part of the clarification on various MGNREGS rules.
He congratulated the farmers and their parents who have allowed and come forward to take part despite the difficulties to enable the Association to start and continue various programs of farming. He congratulated the office bearers who made this a successful event.
In the meeting with the Secretary today, the leaders of the party submitted a petition along with documents to verify and confirm the demand of the residents of Khasi Jaintia to return Block 1 to Meghalaya. .
The terms of reference of the Regional Committees are to cooperate with the Regional Committees of the Government of Assam to look into each other the villages and townships owned by the Government of Meghalaya and the names of the Government of Assam. the villages in the places where they are and surrounding them.
The meeting was conducted by Dr P Kharpran, Dr AK Nongbri, Head of PHC Jongsha, others who attended the meeting were Kong E Shabong, Rangbah Shnong and many other elders.
Other candidates who filed their nomination papers are Evalyni Kharbani (IND), Zachary Shadap (Khnam) from Mawhati constituency, Welborn Bynnud (IND) from Shella, Pios (INC) from Mawthadraishan and John Dandaly Sangma (NCP) from Ranikor. , Dr.Bestondar C Lyngdoh (IND) of Mawkyrwat, Starline Momin (IND) of Resubelpara, Pillarson G.Momin (UDP) of Raksamgre, Santush Sangma (UDP) of Tikrikilla and Diliram G.Marak (IND) of Selsella.
"Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kyrmen Shylla expressed his gratitude to the UDP and also to the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh for his support to the UDP Youth. Wing to conduct such activities which can bring benefits to the youth and also as part of the efforts to free the youth from bad habits especially drugs.
The new leaders were welcomed by Pyniaid Singh Syiem in the presence of HM Shangpliang, Hamlet Dohling and Gavin Mylliem MLA Sohra.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs requested the residents of these 3 villages to have the spirit of cooperation with the traffic police and how to come forward in order to teach others to understand what is happening. The meeting concluded with the expectation that the elected members of the 3 Durbar Shnongs will take a major role in making the GS Road safe. you went to the people.
These pipes have been cleaned through the river banks through Horizontal Directional Drilling without disrupting the water flow.
The prizes will be for the first, second and third prizes, the prizes will be for the men and women separately.
He said this shows the preparedness of the Government for natural disasters.
The child was taken to Civil Hospital and NEIGRIHMS for serious condition. The union demands that the perpetrator should be punished according to the law. police who immediately arrested the suspect.
Members of HANM have gone to the office to ask the officers to close the work on this day as it is the day when Christians commemorate this special day and this day was declared a public holiday.
He said that the school was opened by Bah Lapang in 1963 when he was Sub Inspector of Schools.
According to the GSMA's Mobile Economy Report 2022, 5G connections will exceed 1 billion by 2022 and 2 billion by
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that it is now up to the government to take the decision to open the market. Minister who visited the Iewduh today.
Those who have registered with the Labor Department under the Building and Other Construction Workers, those registered under MGNREGA, Muster Roll in government departments, day laborers and day laborers in government offices and farmers who have been under the PM-KISAN scheme will not receive this benefit.
The meeting also discussed how to be more transparent in submitting accounts to the government in terms of expenditure and how to appoint more judges in District Councils as the number of cases is high. they stayed there too long.
We didn't say that we weren't there (in Ichamati) but we had a meeting but just because we had a meeting and that incident happened, it doesn't mean you can just blame us.
According to the rules of the competition, the singers must sing according to the theme, and the participants must be over 15 years of age. at the age of 29 years.
If this MLA really cares about the people of the area as he went to work in Phlangdiloin, he should ensure that the Rs 25 crore road of KHADC should be implemented before the end of June next year.
In the archery competition, the finals of the Meghalaya Games will be held on Saturday at the Montfort Center of Education. School, Tura.
The meeting was led by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PT Passah and the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper. On behalf of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya, Bah Kennedy C. Khyriem.
In the house of Syiem Khyrim, one of the rishot was written to count the blangs that came to visit the chiefs from all over the kingdoms.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that they have written to the government from time to time to request the government to increase the daily wage from T.1000/day. - The union does not demand how much the government should increase, but they demand that the government should increase it.
Many households in this area have been severely affected especially from Umyiap to Risiang, especially one household which has lost four precious souls. you built the incident.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Engineer (Civil), Bah Elias Lyngdoh said that the reason for the inability to pay the fee is that there are many owners of the land. A PIL has been filed to resolve all the land ownership issues.
Shillong, July 13: A meeting was held today between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and NHAI officials in charge of the North East to discuss the four lane road from Jorbad. to Umiah.
At present, the people are not aware of the decisions of the courts, especially the rural people.
The NABH accreditation program sets standards for health care facilities in India, including the services of nurses, to ensure that they provide the highest quality and safest care.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: It is estimated that between 7 lakh and 4 million women worldwide are trafficked, whether for prostitution or for employment. As it is today, the trafficking of women is the fastest growing industry in terms of income and is considered to be the biggest crime in the world.
The Chief Secretary, Bah BPO Warjri, while talking to reporters, said that the government has prepared all the necessary measures to ensure that the election will be held in a smooth manner.
In relation to these crimes, rape and many other crimes, the Government has been able to separate the working methods of the Executive from the Judiciary. Judiciary" and all this is to speed up the judicial process, especially in the case of rape of women and children.
In East Jaintia Hills 5, East Khasi Hills 242, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, North Garo Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 18, South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 4, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Garo Hills 16, West Jiantia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 1.
What is more sad is that those who come from Sohra, Mawlynnong, Dawki, Mawphanlur and other places are driving without knowing the condition of the place. other places and this has resulted in unknown persons reaching these places.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of State for Education, HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem, HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem said that the NEP 2020 has been protested against the implementation of the NEP It is urgent for the state government to take steps to bring in a State University in the city for the benefit of the students of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today approved the Regulation and Administration of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) of the Land Bill 2021.
The meeting was conducted by Samla B.Ksanlah, speech was delivered by Man Kharmalki and Bah B.Khongmawpat explained the agenda of the party after being sworn in by the President.
All the rules apply to the State Governments and Union Territories.
Shillong, July 15: No group can develop unless it turns to individuals regardless of gender to improve income without accepting that they belong to any religious group.
The Cell also said that from time to time the government has been inviting them to appoint them but until now it has not been able to appoint them and this is a delay in the eradication of unemployment when the youth have done It is good to pass the examination and the “Personal Interview” but in the end only a list was released while many of them were not appointed while there was a lot of recruitment and this has disappointed us. to young job seekers who are expecting to be appointed in any government department.
This was announced by AMDC President HS Myrthong and AMDC Secretary Lawbah Area Unit.
“About 20 crore people across the country have participated in the Vikas Bharat SankalpYatra.
The meeting was conducted by Principal Dr.S Lamare, Dr Carter JM Sangma, DHS (Research) and Lt.Col.
We had the opportunity to talk to the Director of Fisheries who is also the Chief Executive Officer of the FFDA, Kong AL Mawlong.
Shillong, November 12: A new political party has been registered with the Election Commission of India (ECI) in Meghalaya.
Pastor Rev H Marbaniang gave the welcome speech.
The Government has also announced that there will be many famous musicians from abroad as well as many famous musicians from the state.
The meeting of the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) with the Chief Minister on 17th December 2019 at his residence.
During the meeting, the Syiem of Khyriem Hima and Bah John Kharshiing from the FKS expressed their condolences on the passing away of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala.
At this meeting it was decided to hold a public meeting of the farmers on 24th October 2020 at Madan Student Jaiaw.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie today sent three more drug addicts to the Alive Again Foundation (AAF) rehabilitation center in Assam. .
The DDUGJY program has supplied electricity to all the villages on 28th June,
Her participations as a singer in the state, in the country and abroad have brought her recognition.
The Ministry of Tourism has decided to invest strong resources for tourism to promote sustainable and sustainable tourism in the state under Swadesh Darshan
Shillong, July 19: U Ernest Mawrie, State President of the BJP, today said that the people of the state have allowed the Congress, UDP and NPP to form a government in Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof P Shukla.
Feeding materials for pigs from the affected villages should not be sent to the villages under surveillance and the guidelines should be followed.
In this incident, the driver of the Maruit died on the spot.
m.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its disappointment over the lack of responsibility of the politicians in power to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 and the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules. 2024 which affects the identity of minorities in Meghalaya and the North East.
In the first three months of this year, the BSF has seized about 1188 tonnes of sugar which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through the Meghalaya border.
Dr Pohchen said that diseases are not terrible because they can be cured but the most terrible disease is the lack of knowledge of people about them.
Shillong, Naitung 28: 136 youths have completed their military training at the Assam Regimental Center today and this is the 321st Battalion.
Therefore, it deserves to have larger government offices so that there will be a closer relationship between the people of the Government and the people of the area for the purpose of working together to improve income and development.
: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday demanded that the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta should follow the recruitment quota as stipulated by the Government.
Shylla said his wish is for the cooperation of all the ethnic parties, JKHNAM, HSPDP, PDF and UDP, but this agreement is only between the two parties UDP and HSPDP. I will not win the MLA Election
Ampati, July 29: Union Minister of State for Textiles, Smriti Zubin Irani together with Chief Minister Drmukul Sangma today inaugurated the first textile laundry in Ampati. Ampati is located in Hatisil district of South West Garo Hills District.
Thomas A Sangma said the High Power Committee of the Assembly Secretariat and various departments have approved the proposal to resume the formation of the new Assembly in the second phase. applications will be sent to the Ministry of Development of North East Region (DoNER).
The Minister said that in the last three years, the state government and the central government have worked hard to develop the rules and regulations for Meghalaya to mine coal according to the modern scientific era. the land tenure system because the land belongs to the people.
There are 98 recoveries, 82 from East Khasi Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills.
“How can we expect to move forward in economic development if the government cannot upgrade even the administrative office which has more than 30 offices, although the state has celebrated its 50th anniversary last month. The CORP demands that the Mariang Civil Sub-Division should be transferred to Patharkhmah to upgrade the administrative unit. have now over 30 years.
Shillong, July 24: Leaders of Martin Danggo have said that they will hold a public meeting on Saturday at Nolikata in South West Khasi Hills District to announce that Martin M Danggo will contest from the BJP. During the day, the state police have conducted raids across the state to ensure the smooth running of the elections.
He said that the MLA bought these tins at the price of 2,000 shiban but when he submitted the bill to the government, it was 4,000 shiban. feel sorry for the poor and don't eat too much.
Community Health Activists (CHAs) from various SHGs have been selected and these in collaboration with ASHAs have provided training to those at risk of contracting the disease such as the elderly and people who have been infected with the disease. already diseases.
The notice clearly states that parents and caregivers, if they see in their children red eyes, swelling, daitbuid, can not look facing the light, take them immediately to the light. eye care center.
He said that at present there is a deficit of teachers in the state of about 3000 teachers, this includes the whole state. the first and second parts but the third part have not yet received what is known as the arrear.
At the time of the explosion, the people were walking and standing in the area and were busy buying pets and this sudden explosion shocked the people in the market.
Shillong, Lber 19: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday received a complaint from Ramanuj Das, a resident of Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong, that his brother Digbijoy Das has gone missing. house since 7.2.2014 but later they received a phone call that some people who claimed to be themselves had abducted him and demanded 2 crore tyngka.
On the other hand, the Department of Social Work believes that this is a runnar job in which there is a need for training to raise awareness among the public.
However, there has been no meeting or request for support from the paid party in the UDA. On the other hand, the Congress, when it goes to support any EC, wants to see that the EC will For five years, if you don't turn away, the people will be judged.
The mother was in her mid-50s, wearing a blue dress, a blue scarf and a blue scarf.
At the same time, he also handed over the Work Order to two schools including Mawtawar Presbyterian LP School and Christian School which have received T.50,0
You don't have a tupia on your head.
The traffic jam is due to the movement of overloaded coal trucks and coal trucks and these are the causes of traffic jam along the NH-6,” said the JAC. The JAC urges the Government/NHAI to repair the NH-6 within a week but otherwise the JAC will gather on the road and block the road,” said the JAC. The trucks of coal/mawshun shall not violate the order of the Supreme Court by carrying excessive chess.
Speaking to media after the inspection, the Minister said that the purpose of the inspection was to get more detailed information on the preparations for the implementation of the Smarty. City in Shillong has moved forward.
He said that if the existence of the CHC Sohiong has not benefited the people of the area and the existence of this CHC is only to waste the money of the people, there is no point in having this CHC. CHC. He urged the State Government to provide doctors, nurses and all the necessities at CHC Sohiong as it does at other CHCs and if the Government cannot provide the necessities the union will have to. to close down the CHC on any day.
On this occasion, jhur seeds were also distributed to the farmers.
We do this to better understand their vision and be inspired by the challenges they face to bring about a better future.
The MLA was accompanied by the Executive Engineer, SDO, officers of PHE RWS Division, Jowai, Rangbah Shnong of Barato, elders and others. However, the MLA without thinking about those problems, went down to witness these pipes to find out the condition and it was seen that the maintenance by the PHE has gone sharply.
SHILLONG, June 15: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) in a statement today, through Bah Rangdajied Donshiew, Vice President, urged the state government to take action on the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. so that the rest of the citizens living in the border areas can live in peace and harmony, like other citizens in other states of India.
Therefore, we urge the State Government to publicly announce and issue an order that all plans to build the Hydropower Dam and to dam the Umngot River have been suspended.
It is unfortunate that those who speak Khasi in the Legislative Assembly have not been able to speak fully in Khasi and have mixed it with English because there are modern languages ​​that are not in the language. Khasi culture.
The government said that the 36 hour curfew is against the students because on the 22nd 2000 students who have worked hard should have received their degrees.
Shillong, July 22: It is surprising that the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution has been announced across the state for decades. India, however, the Shlemtreikam to be established for that purpose has not been taken seriously.
There are still many schools in the district and in the state which have only 10 posts per school.
Referring to the border, Bah Pius said that he has more but now, on the other hand, Danggo said that even if the election is not held, he will be happy because he has already completed it.
When inquired, he said that the price of mur has been set by the government.
The Minister will also meet with those working in social services and discuss the challenges of the region.
The High Court has requested the ECI to review the party's activities as there is a confusion.
There will be three winners and they will receive cash prizes: 1st RS 10000 and momento, 2nd RS 5000 and moment, 3rd Rs 3000 and moment, said NN Shadap.
He said that the government has allowed anyone who wishes to send their opinions to the Expert Committee appointed by the government.
In the women's category, the Glorify Kurbah from Shillong won the title in 5:04:1s, while the silver and bronze medals went to the Glorify Kurbah from Shillong. Daphlin Wahlang and Balasiewdor Pathaw (SWKHD) finished in 5:13:5s and 5:20:3s. In the men's High Jump, Primus Ronghi of Ri-Bhoi won the gold medal. Pringchang N Sangma of Williamnagar and Simeon Marak of North Garo Hills won the silver and bronze medals respectively.
Bashaikupar Nongdhar (opposition bowler) scored 2/19 in 3 overs.
The smuggling is not only of marijuana but also of alcohol and other narcotic drugs.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The two-day meeting of the Chief of Air Staff of the Eastern Air Command commenced today with the inauguration of the Chief of Air Staff by Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha. speech today.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that after the meeting, it was decided to seek clarification from the Ganesh Das Hospital on the incident.
Before 1992, Baghmara was only a Civil Sub Division but on the demand of the people under the leadership of Lotsing, South Garo Hills District was acquired on 18th July 1992 and now it has been 25 years.
In their homes, people have prepared Christmas trees and lit colorful lights in their homes to prepare for the Christmas celebration in their homes across the state. Meghalaya.
At present, the village leaders or the residents of this area have to go to Nongstoin which is the Headquarters of West Khasi Hills for many needs or related to development works in this area.
There are 26 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 24 from East Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of recoveries to after.
They were arrested and taken to court today at the Jowai Magistrate's Court.
At this award ceremony, KSU Laskein Circle has awarded nine students who have excelled in various fields of study in the name of this hero of the country.
He praised the rapid economic development in the North East under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In collaboration with the SSA-SEMAM of the Government of Meghalaya, we will strengthen our commitment to bring about change in the lives of children" a voluntary organization dedicated to enriching knowledge and leading the way to a brighter future.
On this occasion, those who have passed well in the SSLC Exam 2017 were also honored in the presence of Prettynis Hadia.
In 2016, 117 insurgents came to surrender.
The Commissioner Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Sampat Kumar, the wife of Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang, doctors and nurses were also present at the opening ceremony. , as a sign of the opening of the hospital, the Chief Minister of the state has burnt the sahrak to witness.
Speaking to reporters, CLP Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the government should take action on what they said today. litter which costs T.100/- tyngka has now increased beyond that price, this is the case for other commodities as well.
During the meeting, a detailed discussion was held on the use of drugs in the society and how to prevent and eradicate drugs.
' Asia-related topics will be held; ‘Should all good stories be commercially successful?; New technologies in the Broadcasting and Film Industry to Enhance Story-Telling; Media business models in the new era; Telling compelling stories: Challenges and Opportunities – Radio and Community Radio; Sustainable development Stories – Special Focus; CEO Roundtable Story-telling bad ka success of media.
Dr DD Lapang once again showed that he has won the trust and love of the people of Nongpoh constituency by defeating the UDP candidate Rona Khymdeit by 3598 votes.
It's been a while since we don't think about the young men, women and children who are beautiful in this area. and thou shalt put thy children before thee.
The Motor Car Rally will cover a distance of 5,722 kilometers and the total number of participants will be 80 vehicles. On the Indian side, 20 vehicles will take part in the Car Rally. The route will be 19 days long and the destinations in India will be Sarnath, Bodhgaya, Patna, Siliguri, Guwahati, Shillong, Kohima and Imphal before entering Myanmar and Thailand.
Two deaths have been reported today, one from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The Covid-19 pandemic has caused a serious problem especially in terms of income for many households and has also made them unable to pay the education fees of their children.
Therefore, TUR and the Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association reject and do not accept the Act of the State Government because this Act does not respect the street vendors and does not protect the right of income of the vendors. and prevents people from standing on their own feet and earning a living and contributing to the economy and society.
Shah said that between 2004 and 2014, a total of 11,121 violent incidents took place in the Northeast and it has declined by 73 percent to 3,114 between 2014 and 2023.
“About 364 children have been affected by HIV. We have requested the Women & Child Development Department to look into all the incidents and if possible provide financial assistance through Section 45 of the JJ Act, so that they can get this benefit on the basis of the need for money.
When the residents of the village heard that the fire had broken out, they rushed out to extinguish it by pouring water until the arrival of the police fire trucks. special.
Shillong, June 28: Police have received a complaint from Bah Songstar Sahbong that his bike number ML-05R-8683 has been stolen from Mawlai Umjaiur, Shillong on Tuesday night. 24/June/2024, but the BSF seized the bike at Pyrdiwah village on the Bangladesh border.
All the political parties have already met to discuss the outcome of the counting of votes this morning.
In this regard, HITO requests the DC's office to take action on this issue by paying for the goods taken by the police. This is according to a statement sent by Bah Diamond Dkhar, Jowai.
The JSU on 13th February 2020 has sent a letter to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah to take action against the illegal entry of Bangladeshis from the Indo-Bangla border areas. Dawki to Muktapur and Shella, East Khasi Hills District as well as the infiltration of criminals from the country has created instability in the border villages.
The Khasi are a spiritual people – who understand the relationship between human beings and who seek the help of God.
The union will also send a copy of the petition to the relevant authorities of NIOS Shillong Centre, DSEO, DC, District Mission Coordinator of NIOS and Director of School Education and Literacy. honey puddin.
Recent changes in policies allowing doctors to send tests for COVID and the introduction of Rapid Antigen Point of Care Testing along with RT-PCR have strengthened the methods test for COVID-19 in the country.
The AJYWO will soon monitor the entry, exit, residence, employment and trade of foreigners within the border of Jaintia Hills, whether they have complied with the rules and regulations. The governments that have to go through before the party can take another step.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the President of Meghalaya, Ram Nath Kovind. the new government in Delhi.
The policeman from Meghalaya is undergoing treatment and has escaped injury.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has given 10 days to the Meghalaya Government to take action against the Assam Government's border crossing at Bakhlapara village, Nongspung Hima, Ribhoi District.
In fact, this issue has been discussed and demanded for decades, it should be understood and arranged so as not to delay or disturb the aspirations of the members of the community.
She said that India has improved significantly in the management of airports compared to the world.
However, under Section 11 A(3) (a) of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1975, it states that the transfer of coal mines to a State Government company or corporation can be done without The Government of Meghalaya has proposed to MMDC Ltd to become a State Corporation and a manufacturer in the state under the MMDR Act. Act , 2015", as amended.
Shillong, Nailar 17: As part of the commemoration of the 66th Anniversary (17 Aug 1948 – 17 August 2014) of the Treaty and Promises and Regulations between the 25 Hima Khasi States and the Government of India Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India on 17th August 1948, which also appeared in the White Paper on Indian States (1948-49) laid before the Parliament of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) today sent a letter to the Managing Director of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) demanding the immediate dismissal of those who have retired. put back in office.
Many of them have lined up to withdraw money from MGRENGA, but what has upset many is that the bank has not allowed them to withdraw money. because they are still in debt to the Bank.
The Minister replied that there has been a concern about the loss of those involved in the management of the activities related to the Suwari project and the government has also tried to provide assistance as much as possible. lat.
Hundreds of people from the area took part in the march to show to the world that they want to get their own state.
On the same day, Bah PT Sawkmie also visited the water tank, MNREGS road, school building, community hall, footpaths and other facilities of the village.
During the inspection, it was learned that while the three children were inside the shetja room to eat with their father, a sudden earthquake struck from outside the house. yea, the earth did cover the house where the children were buried.
These are just the buildings or parts he built.
Those who wish to register can obtain the forms from the reception of Don Bosco Youth Center free of charge or download them from the youtube channel of Don Bosco Media Network.
Through this great achievement, the third phase of GMIS is a major step towards reaching the Amrit Kaal Vision 2047 target of Rs 80 trillion investment- a target shared by the Minister. Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the development of ocean-related activities before
The names and places where the candidates have filed their nomination papers today are as follows.
Bah Sawkmie said don't think about the income now, the important thing is to serve well, the income will come later. they are happy in your journey.
Police said that if anyone has found or seen the mother, please contact Laban Police Station by calling 0364-2
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, today introduced the newly elected MLA of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Synshar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah at his office. the State Legislative Assembly.
Furthermore, the establishment of joint research, consultancy and additional training opportunities tailored to workplace needs further strengthen synergies.
Twelve cases have been admitted to the hospital, six from East Khasi Hills, five from Ri Bhoi and one from West Jaintia Hills.
We strongly condemn the arrest and demand that the government should release Agnes immediately,” said LK Sawkmie.
In the incident, one of the occupants of the truck, Bah Bansiew Khongklian, from Phlangshlainhad, fell to the top of the hill.
The Prime Minister said that the lack of timely delivery of food is due to the fact that some villages have been the cause of the floods because they are not allowed to leave and this has made it impossible to deliver food. at the right time.
The training provided by the Meghalaya Bharar Scout and Guide has helped the youth to become good citizens.
The nine issues put before the Minister of MHRD are as follows, one special training in teaching for two years within the D.EL.ED, Discrimination in payment of SSA teachers should be recruited from primary and upper primary schools from SSA teachers. SSA-SEMAM to the Ministry of Education of the State Government to recognize them as full time teachers of the Government.
The relatives who cleaned the cemetery also laid flowers and burnt candles that covered the cemetery.
Shillong, April 05: Police have found that some people have posted inappropriate photos on social media with the intention of creating confusion among the public.
The Prime Minister said the meeting decided to withdraw the security forces from various parts.
The Seng reminds these Bengali organizations and foreign private individuals not to interfere in the security affairs of the State as they do not know the beginning and the end of these things.
The raid was conducted after receiving a tip that some groups of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) had set up camp in the area under West Karbi Anglong District of Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Bah Pyndap Saibon President of KHNAM today swore in the oath of office to three candidates of the party in front of the statue of Tirot Singh at the State Central Library. They will be in the party when they win the election.
Ksanlah also congratulated the current members of the Dorbar Shnong, under the leadership of Bah Bostarwell Ora, Acting Secretary, Bah MG Jeengap, Ex-Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong. Shella, Bah Wallam L. Mawphlang, Acting Wahadadar for their support to him.
He also appealed to the people to continue to support this protest so that the demands of the Sengbhalang will be fulfilled and said that the ILP issue is not only for the Sengbhalang but also for the Sengbhalang. it is for the good of the country and the nation as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Four Congress MDCs in KHADC will soon join the National People's Party (NPP) out of four confirmed candidates. The reception will be held at the KHADC office in Lachumiere.
At Grace Care Academy, besides the speech by the MLA, the Deputy Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, the teachers, M.Nongkynrih, M.Sohtun, while at Mawiong Umjapung, the speech was also delivered by the Deputy Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar. Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah TR Laloo, who is in charge of the conduction of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) examination, on Tuesday said that The results of HSSLC for Science, Commerce and Vocational will be released on Friday 26/5/2
The work started on Thursday with the cutting of the old bridge and this continues today.
In accordance with the objective of Prime Minister Duh to transform the transportation in the regions of the country through the development of modern infrastructure, the Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS) project has been launched.
The Government of India has announced the National Education Policy (NEP), 2020 on 29th November 2020, which recommends the improvement of the education sector through the development of the National Curriculum Framework (NCF).
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Union Minister of State for Law, Prof SP Singh Baghel today held meetings with members of the High Court of Meghalaya and officers of the Meghalaya State. Legal Authority in Shillong.
The purpose of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit is to promote unity in the country and to instill in the people the spirit of patriotism.
At present, Meghalaya has a shortage of 65% in pork production of 1000 metric tonnes per annum. Pigs are now imported from Punjab.
The Minister of DoNER has allocated funds to the JHADC for the construction of a super market in Iawmusiang which falls under the jurisdiction of the JHADC.
This shows that he thinks only of his own profit and only of a few because the truth is that there will be no profit but only the destruction of the indigenous people.
These vehicles (ML05 F 0081) are an Alto and another vehicle (ML05 7500) is a commercial taxi.
Among the former MLAs who attended the ceremony was DN Joshi of Mawprem, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and DD Lapang.
The Chairman of AIM, Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, said that many decisions were taken at the meeting. and AADHAAR after seeing and witnessing the efforts of the Central Government as well as various State Governments.
The Minister said that when they went to inspect, there were two lat in front of them, one is Mawpdang and one is Mawkasiang. state can be happy.
According to the latest reports, the MPCC wants the incumbent Chairman of GHADC to become the CEM and the CEm to be sent as the Chairman of the Council.
At the same time, it is a sad fact that due to the snowfall of the mountains, it is difficult to get the snow.
The Central Executive Committee of the party will also meet on the same day and take decisions on how the party will move forward.
“The demand for the pension is longstanding and there is a promise from the Government to pay the pension but it has not done anything yet.
The KSU demands that the government should not punish them for violating their decisions.
UDP President Metbah was elected as Speaker, HSPDP President KP Pangniang was elected as Secretary, MN Mukhim was elected as Co. -Chairman and Mr. Titosstarwell as Assistant Secretary.
Assistance will be provided to students to obtain education loans for training or higher education in India in accordance with the existing terms of the Education Loan.
“While we were talking (with the police) we couldn't control the crowd.
More people were invited compared to last year.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor said that these street games have conveyed the message to the people through games and songs because as the people of the state are the ones who love songs and this and he stirred up the people.
Shillong, Nailar 15: U Chief Minister today honored the K-9 Unit by awarding medals to the ksew who have been trained under the police force to fight against drug traffickers through them. that the drug dealers had been arrested.
Meanwhile, Larry P Warjri, President MJA and Vice President Judo Federation of India (JFI) has been elected by the JFI as the Observer on the smooth running of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the JFI. All Assam Judo Association (AAJA) and to conduct the election for the new office bearers of the AAJA on 5th November in Guwahati.
Shillong, March 04: The government has introduced several bills in the Legislative Assembly today despite the demands of the opposition against the adjournment motion.
After the incident, the policeman who committed the robbery fled the scene.
Euvelin Suchiang, who has a special talent in speaking, also won the second place as the best speaker and this shows that NEHU is no different from other universities.
As the leaders of the State, we don't see that people will lose their lives,” he said.
The new Assembly can accommodate up to 888 members of the Lok Sabha.
Let us turn a little bit to Dr. Andreas's life journey.
The winners of this competition within the district will be selected to take part in the state level which will be held on the 29th of this month. All students from Higher Secondary School to College who wish to participate should inform the CEO, DDMA, Tura.
The following are listed as attempts to improve the language: External Affairs: Work is the implementation, carrying two ideas from the same language, the it is not the management of anything and it is not something outside its boundaries.
Shillong, Lber 14: For the first time in the history of Arunachal Pradesh, an IAF C-17 fighter jet today landed at Tuting Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Delhi Association and Khasi workers and students in New Delhi have supported the KAS by taking part in the protest. expressed to the Central Government the demand of the Khasi people for the recognition of the Khasi Language.
Have full faith in the people of the country that whatever technology we come up with for good governance, will be accepted and appreciated by the people of the country.
The HYC said that many people from other states are easily able to work and trade in our state without any restriction by the Government authorities. many local workers to do various jobs.
As part of the ceremony, the chief guest, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, also confirmed the Women's Branch of HYC, Nongthliew for the purpose of supporting the youth.
The Cool Storage at Mawiong has not been used or improved by the state government since its opening.
The Seng understands that through the opportunity for Khasi youth to compete in various sports, it will help them in terms of income and will also encourage youngsters who want to stand up. on their feet through the games.
He said that he had gone to talk to the people inside the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply but the answer he received was that the government has not received electricity for two months. where is the Umphniang wine?
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will soon implement the Food Security Ordinance of the Union Government on time.
The HNLC expects a positive response from the government on this proposal.
The new arrangement is to introduce the rules of the University Grants Commission (UGS) relating to the State University.
The demands of the workers include the regularization of the employees, the implementation of the Supreme Court's decision on Equal Pay for Equal Work, the prompt payment of the minimum wage. wages and arear of Mandays employees, to receive ESI, to give leave to employees (CL), to give maternity leave to women, to pay Provident Fund , and so on.
At present, the Governor knows what is happening only on the part of the government.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Parvin Bakshi, has strongly condemned those who attacked the employees of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) on the 10th of this month. Garro.
GourNitai Sangha has received Rs 50,000, Rabindranath Tagore Club has received Rs 50,000, Women's Teej Cultural Committee has received Rs 50,000 and Kench's Trace Puja Committee has received Rs 50,0
On this occasion, the doctors explained to the public about the precautionary measures in terms of health and how to treat themselves. part of the public.
To prevent this disease, the two most important things to do is to follow the rules that have been taught and instructed from time to time and the second thing to do is to prevent The disease should not be vaccinated against COVID-1
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Umniuh-Tmar Elaka in its recent dorbar has confirmed the Matabor and Deputy Matabor within the Elaka and their term of office will be for three years.
Speaking to reporters after the rally in Shillong, the General Secretary of the All India Trade Union Congress, Vijaya Lakshmi, said that the central government does not want to talk to the leaders of the Congress. They have put forward their demands for the benefit of the people and for this reason they have not refused to call this march today.
“This is what I am saying with regret that the people should understand that those who shout from time to time that we are against this issue should please criticize because we are the owners of the villages and the owners of the houses and we you must understand how to treat tenants.
The death toll from the disease in the state has risen to 1476, with the highest number of deaths from East Khasi Hills (1002), West Jaintia Hills (136), Ri Bhoi (90) and West Khasi Hills (74).
After these public meetings, they will hold a three-day strike in Shillong from the 24th, 25th and 26th of this month.
The Administrative City will be built at Mawkhanu-Mawpdang on the 808 acres of land acquired by the Government, he said. .
Earlier, the Regional Outreach Bureau had conducted the Fit India Run 2.0 in the city with the aim of raising awareness among the youth.
On the other hand, the Hima supports the KHADC which has been able to remove the Syiem of the Hima who has tried to rule the dorbar of the Hima as shown by his actions in which he has tried to take over. the territory of the kingdom which is contrary to the customs of the kingdom.
Pynursla, Jymmang 17: The Civil Sub Division Pynursla will soon have a fully operational office as the construction of the office at Wahpathaw is in progress.
Seinebel Nongrum – Asst Organizing.
Maraihom Kharkrang said that for decades and now the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi has awarded him the Padmashree.
Shillong, Lber 15: Replying to a question by Mohendro Rapsang on the reply in the Rajya Sabha on the coal issue, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said: The answer given in the Rajya Sabha is based on the information provided by the state government.
Tamdorlang Risaw of Mawsynram and Batista Khongphai of Sohra.
, Tsunami, Flash Flood, Earthquake etc., public safety messages, evacuation notices, and other critical information).
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad K Sangma said that the safety and security of the people of the state is the top priority of the Government.
“We also demand that the authorities should upgrade the computers in the laboratories so that the students can better train themselves in doing research,” said the NEHUSU leader. We also demand that the NEHU authorities should introduce a clean and transparent Marking System.
Babu Majaw said that at present there are three schools of thought in writing the Khasi language. Two groups with their own views on the spelling of the alphabet have never had such a meeting to discuss or force the government to establish the State Sabha Academy.
During her visit, she was welcomed in the traditional Khasi dress and was also shown the traditional dance of the Khasi and Jiantia.
Shillong, July 28: KSU Laskein Circle today held a rally from Priang to Iawpyngkat Iooksi where thousands of people came out to march together.
In his speech, Garg acknowledged the roles of joint forces such as the BSF and Assam Rifles, ITBP, SSB and similar forces from Bhutan and Bangladesh.
The Congress party has tried to deceive the BJP because it knows that the people of the state have turned against the Congress party. On the first of November, the Congress MLAs will leave the Congress party.
Once again, the party urges all the families to work together to make this state a safe place for women and mothers. .
According to my information, the root cause of this incident is due to the border crossing and invasion of West Karbi Anglong Assam into the boundary of Mukroh village.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, one from Ri Bhoi and two from West Garo Hills. there are 72 people.
Shillong, Iaiong 03: The Director of Food and Civil Supplies, Government of Meghalaya, IR Sangma today launched the payment system for collecting ration from shops using electronic point of sale (ePoS) machines. .
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District together with the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has announced that they should follow the rules of the Nongpoh Town Area regarding the disposal of waste under Rule 4 of the Nongpoh Town Area. per SWM Rule,
A total of 39,782 youths have been tested negative, 38412 have tested negative, 380 results are pending and 25,767 have returned.
This shows that he is a man who is thinking for the nation.
Meanwhile, NESO, KSU and GSU will also send a petition to Prime Minister Narendra Damordas Modi and Home Minister Amit Anilchandra Singh through Governor Tathagata Roy.
The Ayushman Bharat Yojana was launched by the Prime Minister of India with the aim of bringing about cleanliness and health in the country and in Meghalaya. The HWC, which was inaugurated today, is the first in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Indian Panorama Film Festival (IPFF) will start tomorrow morning in Shillong and the government has made all the arrangements to make it a success.
He said that not only the teachers but the parents and the state leaders should have a cooperation in the improvement of education.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah V Swer MCS, BDO of Mairang C&RD Block today visited the Sanitary Complex at Khadsawphra College Mairang. of Mairang Block to the Student's Council of this college.
Police have received information from intelligence agencies that the NLCN has collaborated with other armed groups from Nagaland and plans to send the first batch of training to Nagaland on the 17th. , November, 2023.
Those who attended the protest were from all over the Khasi Hills including fathers, mothers and youth.
The SP urged the public that if they receive such information, they can exchange the name and link to others,” said the SP. to report to the nearest police station.
He was speaking at a program held at Laitkseh village in Mawryngkneng Block of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
On 15-8-2021, the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Tuliram Ronghang, announced that Umlaper is one of the towns of West Karbi Anglong District. .
On this day, foreigners who cannot prove that they are Indian citizens will not be allowed to enter the State.
He also congratulated the new President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Arnest.
Regarding the death of u Rangbah, the Minister urged the people not to panic that there is another outbreak of COVID-19, because the government together with the health facilities will try. to prevent the spread of this disease as in previous years.
He said that economic growth depends on education and health.
The West Jaintia Hills Police Chief said that there are three 14 wheeler trucks between Puriang and Mukhla. When the police tried to clear the road, the people did not obey and this caused a traffic jam on the highway today.
“If the Government takes the initiative to set up various departments in the rural areas, it can reduce the traffic jam in Shillong,” he said.
The nature of low education is a barrier to people especially to the unemployed youth.
At the same time, in the petition sent to the Prime Minister, they said that there should be a way to reach an agreement because this mutual violence will not bring any good. to the state.
Police have raided the Sohra Police Station after the President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, Samla Reebok Diengdoh announced that the KSU will hold a rally on this day.
The NLCN has signed an alliance with other armed groups from Nagaland and plans to send its first members to Nagaland for training on 17th July,
The decision was taken after a patient who was admitted to the Civil Hospital escaped but was arrested again 10 days later at Bimola Point.
He said the central government is providing support to encourage the establishment of cooperation groups.
About 500 supporters of the party attended the meeting.
Although there has been no proposal from the government, the discussion has started with the question whether the Sohiong Constituency which is in East Khasi Hills will be included in the new district.
On the 25th November 2023, the supporters of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District (NHAI) have threatened the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) by holding a fish fishing in the middle of the NH -6 which has been filled with snow due to the deterioration of this road which has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a meeting in Mawlai to discuss the MUDA Building Bye-Law. KHADC to appeal against MUDA for Meghalaya Building Bye-Law
D.V.Lyngdoh to request the authorities to search for these illegal vehicles in this area and to remove them completely, and on the part of Magistrate Smt.
The lack of salary for six months has affected the families to the point that even to pay the school fees of the children, they have faced a lot of difficulties even to provide food for their families. AMSSASTA does not want to appear but requests the government to listen to the teachers.
Like Basa kot and Basa die syiar, it was suggested that it would be better if they were closed now.
At present, the transportation of dewbilat by trucks from the factories is 25 tonnes, 12 tonnes and 9 tonnes. government.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Police of East Khasi Hills District have seized an Eco Sport vehicle number ML05-U-1782 from Demthring Bridge. at 6.15 pm on Friday 31/7/2
“There are many reasons why the RDA candidate has not reached the target, and that is why as you can see even the HSPDP has decided to withdraw from the RDA,” said Bah Paul.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) on Thursday demanded that a person who criticized the party on its Facebook Page 'Lympung ki Khun ka Ri' should apologize within 24 hours. you cannot file a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
Shillong, November 16: Former MLA/MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the notification alone is sufficient for the state government to come forward to announce the decision to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is not available in this state.
Those who have registered to vote if they do not receive this slip at the time of distribution can collect it from the DEO office according to their places.
The Rangbah Shnongs in collaboration with the police will have to ensure that there is a distance from each other.
The party does not accept the statement of Mukul Sangma that these Entry and Exit Points and Facilitation Centers for Immigrants are the same or related to the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and we immediately reject this misunderstanding. The law shall protect the rights of the Hynniewtrep people.
The rally was led by the party president Pyndap Saiborn, working president Adelbert Nongrum MDC, Latiplang MDC, Ban Basaiawmoit MDC and office bearers of the party. including women.
The group was led by Bah.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that all schools which wish to enroll students from Shillong in their schools have to seek permission from the schools. They are not responsible for the District Administration.
The health department is looking into the matter and is waiting for the report to find out the cause of the suffering of the people in the village.
The idea behind this is to use this tournament as a platform to select the youth teams that go on to represent Meghalaya at the national level.
“This is the road where all the residents of the state bring their patients for treatment at this hospital, so it is a great honor for Mawlai. mind.
Commandant) Finally, the competition was concluded with the distribution of prizes and a speech by the Commandant of the team, Bah FG Kharshiing, IPS. He also encouraged Haidarland Marngar (constable) who took part in the International Airtel Half Marathon held in Delhi and came first. 194 out of more than 6500 runners including participants from all over the world.
Guwahati, Jymmang 30: The Prime Minister of India today was re-elected as an MP to the Rajya Sabha from Assam without any opposition.
To improve the prevention and control measures against the spread of COVID-19, the district authorities have conducted an inspection to the Bataw area to check the availability of places for the people to access. to observe Social Distancing, Parking and other requirements.
We would be very grateful and happy if the government would provide roads to many of the villages in the area which have not yet been improved to see that the roads will reach their villages. The village leaders and civil society organizations that support the road should unite together to support the construction of the road and to stand together to oppose the construction of the road. Answer : We cannot say that since 2004 there have been some village leaders and civil society organizations in the area who have supported him. uranium but there are some people who say they are against uranium but support the two lane road.
He said that the union has requested the Minister to take action to provide staff by appointing and creating new posts including Doctors, Nurses and others in accordance with the rules and regulations. The CHC has been certified by the Indian Public Health Standard (IPHS) so that the services of the CHC can be improved.
The Minister of State for Education, Dr RC Laloo was the chief guest in the presence of the Director of Land Affairs, Bah D Langstieh and the meeting was conducted by Dr MA Farooqi.
My request to the HNLC leaders is to think and reverse the decision you have taken and inform the government,” said Bah Tynsong.
When asked whether there has been a tender for various schemes related to the National Games 2022, the Minister of Sports, Banteidor said that until At present, only three projects have been tendered, an Indoor Stadium at Pamlakrai for T.22.75 crore and two projects at Ampati, one Outdoor Stadium and one Indoor Stadium.
At the same time, Dr Mukul said it is sad to see that in the North East, the companies operating the internet have not provided adequate services, but the government can do nothing for this all it can do is to write to the central government.
It is learned that the police department has now used computers to measure the body weight of people and if the body weight is low they cannot accept it.
This was stated by Dr Mukul Sangma today at Madan Polo.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs especially those of Shillong to explain to them on what rules the Dorbar Shnongs will give the “No Objection” Certificate" in relation to the Trading Licence.
The Community Hall was inaugurated at a ceremony in the presence of the Elders, Elders, Longkmie Longkpa, Youth of the Shnong and other invitees. This is a special and memorable day for Mawkathein Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Barak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization (BVKJWO) has urged the government to implement the policy of the Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization (BVKJWO) in a statement. At the same time, the party has decided to give its full support to the protest demanding the implementation of the ILP by various political parties in Meghalaya.
: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has decided to conduct a personal inspection to find out the shortcomings of public health facilities in War Jaintia after receiving a complaint from the Hynniewtrep Youth. Council on Thursday.
In this meeting, Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem said that the KHADC has decided that the amount of T.25 crore will be handed over to the PWD to improve the road. This allocation will be taken from the Central Government's budget for the year 2017-2
In the past years, we have shot dead your brother, Lal Singh, for his crimes, which have hurt the feelings of our people,” said the HNLC. It is clear that any foreigners who have settled in Hynniewtrep, we welcome you to live here, but refrain from owning our land, using force, forcing or to destroy us but otherwise you will face a terrible fate, as a thief can never be the owner,” said the statement.
Speaking on the assurance of 2 crore LakhpatiDidi in the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the number of Lakhpati Didi was 1 crore last year and now the target has been set to have 3 crore Lakhpati Didi. in this year’s budget.
States and Union Territories are allowed to impose stricter rules according to local conditions.
On the other hand, Dr War said that before taking the body, it has been treated and there will be no danger.
On the other hand, the coach of the club said that the team will compete against other Indian teams in the upcoming I-League.
After leaving the Congress party, PA Sangma has contested the elections from the NCP, then from the TMC and now from the NPP. Your party will win many seats in the current election.
The Chief Minister said that every farmer in the state will receive T.5000/- tyngka per farmer through groups and there is also an assistance of T.5000/- tyngka. in which the farmers will receive T.10000/-.
Police have arrested Bah George Diengdoh, 23 years old and recovered 39.75 gm of heroin from him. register a complaint against him under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Tura, November 07: The Minister of State for Sports, Zenith M Sangma today inaugurated the office building of the Damalgre Block at Rerpara in South West Garo Hills District. The block covers 149 villages.
Speaking in the last session of the UDP, Bah G.Kharmujai, UDP candidate, said that it is the responsibility of the people to be the leaders of the people whether in the Assembly or in the District Council. they must be people who have to be careful.
You are truly honored to be part of this song.
This month, the Minister said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will train the people in the field of health care for the elderly. in order to make the children born happy and peaceful.
It is not yet clear how many people will lose their citizenship in Assam, but through the NRC it is clear that tens of lakhs or even crores of people will lose their citizenship in Assam.
He demanded that the government should also declare 2021 as the Year of Farmers with new schemes so that it will be of assistance to the farmers of the state as a whole.
At the same time, the DC said that the people should understand that this is the time of COVID-19 where the people have to obey the orders of the government if they do not obey they will send closed completely.
The Mawpdang Parish will lose the Mawkasiang Church and will be merged with the Mawpat Parish and the Mawbri Parish will lose the Mawpat Parish.
Referring to the incident ha Umsawli, the Chief Minister said that he has received information that there has been an incident in Umsawli, the reason is due to the work of ringing the lights inside the village. However, two persons were arrested and four others were injured in the incident.
The Government will also take members of the union in these cases if there is any discussion regarding the work of government schools.
Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah regarding the Hima Nongspung when electing the Syiem, EM in charge of Elaka Affairs, Bah Jambor War War, said that as it appears from the writings since Those who were appointed Syiems in this Hima belonged to the Syiemiong clan.
They kidnapped another person while he was returning from East Garo Hills on 23rd July, 2020 from Romba near Adingre village in West Garo Hills District. and he paid the price.
The aim is to make children from 4 years to 13 years old enjoy playing football and the tournament will run for six months to instill in the children the spirit of playing football before they enter. to childhood.
The shad ka kmen started with a phirat prayer at the party headquarters in Mawkhar and then the crowd marched to Weiking Square and after the prayer at this place the shad ka kmen started.
The court’s decision could affect tribal property rights in many ways.
Shillong, Naitung 04: AICC General Secretary Dr CP Joshi today arrived in Shillong and will hold a meeting with Congress office bearers in the state. This morning inside the Congress Bhavan.
Due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, the Sohra Civil Sub-division authorities may enforce Section 144 CrPC to curb any disturbance and to prevent traffic, crowding and smuggling. to the instruments of injury.
Shillong, November 29: The Police Department today held a meeting to discuss how to fight against trafficking in women.
“Everyone knows that the BJP is a national party founded after Jan Sangha on 4th June 1980 and the foundation of the party is on the idea of ​​Intergral Humanism which was introduced by the great thinker Pandit Deen Dayal. Advice.
He also appealed to the people not to be misled by such matters, but to understand according to the true principles of the law.
On the other hand, the Principal said that if anyone wants to send their children, they can take the form from the school and fill it up but the selection of the children is based on their pass. the examination will be held next year.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the BSF has also included those who have tested positive in Assam, but so far there are only six BSF personnel who have tested positive at NEIGRIHMS.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister congratulated the founders of the Science College for being visionaries.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, he said that in this meeting with the Minister, it was clear because it was understood that only a little rainfall has caused flooding.
The incident happened at 8.30 pm today. The child was identified as Nazirul Islam from Goalpara district. The incident happened while they were on their way to Janglapara district. Islam was riding a bike with his friend.
The BSF said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is due to the high price of cattle to Bangladesh.
Doctors, nurses and paramedics who were on the scene took the children to the hospital.
The requirements are, any girl under the age of 18 years, who has been affected by Penetrative Sexual Assault – Section 3 of the POCSO Act, Aggravated Penetrative Sexual Assault – Section 5 of the POCSO Act, Section 376, 376A -E of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 (IPC) And those who have children because of this fall under this scheme.
Those who took part were Diana Kharakor, Yistina Khongwar, Kritika Suratkal from NESFAS who taught how to cook food.
Sohra, Nailur 08: The South East Khasi Hills District Demand Forum (SEKHDDF) today held a public meeting at Rama Krishna Mission, Sohra to discuss the demand for the South East Khasi Hills District. forward now.
Besides the members of the Forum, experts from the government, industry and education experts were also invited to discuss the issue.
Shillong, March 09: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Samla Streamly S Suchen has lodged a complaint against the Project Director of NHAI for failing to improve the NH-6
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Police of Mawlai Police Station today received a complaint that a man named Sinlight Jana, 27, resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar, has raped a child. who was 18 years old at his residence.
At the same time, he urged the government to sit down with the members of KAS and ALS before sending this resolution to the central government. to avoid any incident in Delhi.
This decision was taken at a meeting convened by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and representatives of various banks and private banks operating within the Council's jurisdiction. .
The order said that it is the duty of the BSF to patrol the border to fight against illegal activities on the India-Bangladesh border. of the 172 battalion said that the area is hotbed of illegal activities.
The team will leave Meghalaya on the 20th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the party said that they are saddened to see that the construction of the gate in Malidor has gone too slowly and even the land for the gate has not been provided by the government. to provide.
It is the stability of the economy that has enabled 13 crore entrepreneurs to obtain Mudra Loans.
However, when it comes to the ability and understanding of Bah Weljone Syiemlieh to run the work whether in the Legislative or Executive, it cannot be said that he is sufficient.
He urged the boys and girls that this is no longer the time to wait for the mercy of anyone but they should find ways and means to be the supporters of their families and leave. contribute to society by their good example of hard work to others.
The NPP MLA said that if the emergence of insurgents continues, Garo Hills will not escape being recognized as a dangerous area.
He said that the current taxi service is illegal because there is no such thing as a share system in the law.
The House Committee, in which the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, submitted its report to the Chairman of KHADC and on the part of the Chairman of KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, The special session will be held tomorrow morning in the House.
the disposal of garbage in public places, which may endanger the health of the residents of the State.
Assam ….
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to increase the Value Added Tax on Petrol and Diesel by T.5.20 per litre. I started at 12.00 pm.
The decision came after petitions against Aadhaar as almost all of them claimed that Aadhaar violates the right to privacy.
The Expert Committee has also decided to hold public hearings in Shillong and other districts or at any other place according to the decision of the Committee after receiving comments/suggestions from various groups. diverse.
The purpose of this month is to showcase the talents of the students of this college through sports.
The party had planned to meet with the CEM of JHADC and wrote a letter but could not do so due to the celebration of Behdeiñkhlam and will soon meet with the CEM of the district council.
They also discussed the issue of MUDA's crossing the border into Mawlai where MeECL has ordered the people who have built houses to get the NOC so that they can ring light and the permission to ring light. it is with the family.
““We are a little more encouraged to know that it has been confirmed that they (Meghalayans) have entered Egypt, and to ensure that nothing bad will happen to our citizens.
