Leaders come and go but the foundation of the party remains till this moment.
The bill also deals with the ownership of land where the owners can no longer use their land according to their wishes.
Replying to additional questions by the MLA, Dr. Ampareen, who is in charge of the health department, said in the House that the Chief Minister will write to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The Government has prepared to upgrade NEIGRIHMS to the status of AIIMS. Regarding the treatment centres for drug addicts, the Government has prepared more than three treatment centres, two West Garo Hills and three Khasi Hills where the government will look after them.
The letter, sent to the Union Minister, also mentioned their struggle and how it reached the ears of Sonia Gandhi and other Union leaders.
The Union Government has decided to preserve the name of Tirot Sing Syiem by naming the market in his name after the visit of Union Minister Dr Jitendra Singh. to Nongkhlaw to pay tribute to this freedom fighter of the country.
Shillong, November 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Monday met with the Addl DC West Jaintia Hills District to complain against the Assam Police's intervention to stop the construction of the RMSA School in Laskein Circle. Share.
There is nothing else to hide.
On the 11th of this month, police arrested Tarson Lymba, 58, HNYF leader from Dawki while Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, from Malki, Shillong. explosive bomb.
The nurses' offices, which are only one, will be closed in case of infection, and he said that he has tried to write many times to the authorities until He also expressed his concern regarding the lack of ambulances, until now there is only one old ambulance which can no longer serve. to the people of the area.
The CRB has clarified that the announcement that has appeared in the media in recent days is false and untrue.
In a statement signed by Bah DP Wahlang, Commissioner and Secretary, Education Department, the Ministry of Education said that teachers in secondary schools who receive a salary of T.10,000/- now they have received T.20,000/-.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that he wants to have an understanding on this issue as the BJP has only two MLAs in Meghalaya and if the ministerial posts are divided, it will not help. It is good for the party to open the door to attract leaders to the party instead of creating distrust.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today inaugurated a bed for the elderly at the Civil Hospital Shillong. waste treatment plants and oxygen generators available through PM Cares.
Wapung, Nailur 28: Phimai Dkhar, mother of Pretty Dkhar, Chemsuk Dkhar and Merciful Dkhar, residents of Wapungshnong village, has passed away. , East Jaintia Hills, passed away on the 27th of November, at 8:00 pm.
Samla Forwardmen Nongrem, President of the KSU, said that the KSU has received accurate information that there have been applicants to set up a coal mining factory in the area.
When they came to inspect, the Chief Minister was told that the well has collapsed far from the place where the Legislative Assembly was built.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of the state to remove the posters of political parties across the state.
During the meeting, Karen was informed about the assistance given to those households affected by the natural disaster and at the same time the losses affected by the natural disaster were also taken into account. losses that have affected the state.
“We have taken a unanimous decision on the arrest of these two Muktiars by strongly condemning on behalf of the Association and promising to all the lawyers of this Association that they will always be with them in such a case. "It's a difficult time," said the Association.
The opening of the Parish in Mawpdang is a change of time and has a history in the Diocese of Shillong in the presence of Parish Oriests from neighboring parishes.
The Cabinet said that the amendment is in line with the rules and regulations made by the Central Government regarding the right to education. has accepted this amendment.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A meeting was held between the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP at the MLA Hostel today to discuss the cooperation for the MLA election. The State Legislative Assembly will be held in early
The score is the highest in the three competitions.
There are 1.45 lakh poor and poorest households in Meghalaya and the tyndong lyer will be distributed through 46 lyer distributors in the state.
Children were taught from home to school that even if adults or teachers break a book or chewing gum, the children don't say anything but pass them in front of the breaker of chewing gum.
The visit was led by Redyonstone Nongrem, Chairman Education Cell, Pynshai Rani, Secretary, Forwardman Nongrem, James Mawphniang, members of the CEC. , Banjop Maring, Leader of KSU North Khasi Hills District.
The school has been approved by the Government of Meghalaya after many years of efforts by the Seng and the people.
Chief Executive Member Mr Basaiawmoit in his speech said that this allocation is for the implementation of development works and to pay the salaries of the employees of this office.
“That's why people say, Modi Guarantee means assurance of implementation,” he added.
The seminar on Khasi songs was opened by the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Bindo M Lanong and will continue tomorrow at the Khasi National Dorbal Hall.
The party wants to make it clear that in any form, the party wants to get a good road.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, has requested the Legislative Assembly for an additional T.15 crore to pay for the jobs. and the fight against COVID-1
Shangpliang said that special respect should be given to the farmers because they are the farmers who provide food and drink. to the day laborer this is a great danger.
According to police, the victim was identified as Tailess Marbaniang, 18 years old.
COMSO would like to thank all the doctors and nurses who have worked hard to treat the injured.
On receiving this information, police rushed to the scene and recovered an AK-47 bullet and a 9mm pistol.
The meeting was held between the KSU and the Karbi Student Association (KSA), All Meghalaya Karbi Student Association (AMKSA), Karbi Unemployed Youth Association (KUYA). and the Karbi Anglong Peace Forum (KAPF).
The Minister of State for Tribal Affairs has also directed the State Governments to ensure that schools should be closed during these holidays. Jaswantsinh Bhabhor in a written statement in the Lok Sabha today.
Prestone said the government has taken this decision to allow these markets to reopen after being closed for many months since the outbreak of COVID-1 take a decision not to allow these markets to open.
This was announced after Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Hima Khyrim and Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya; Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, together with other dignitaries of the Kingdom, on behalf of the Federation of Khasi States, submitted a petition on the Instrument. to the Vice-Chairman, NCST during their visit to Smit, Shillong, on 20th March
The request for help came from the 33 Cops and government authorities.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Chairman of the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that the The Joint Parliamentary Committee, Shillong, on Tuesday, at the Convention Centre, expressed his opposition to the proposal to amend the Citizenship Act 1955, through the Rajendra Agarwal, Chairman, Joint Parliamentary Committee on Bill to Amend Citizenship Act 1955 which consists of about 40 Members of Parliament.
The major works that have been completed in the past four years are the Bogibeel Bridge on the Bramaputra River which is up to 5 km long and this bridge is for road and rail which was inaugurated by the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi will be the first President of India in
All the Chief Ministers of the States, Chief Ministers of the Union Territories with the Legislative Assembly, Administrators of the Union Territories with the Legislative Assembly, seven Cabinet Ministers and seven Cabinet Ministers were present at the meeting. The Ministers of State for Child Development will also attend the meeting.
In Shillong, the celebration of the birthday of the Savior was special on this occasion where the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who was invited by the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, himself left to attend the ceremony. participated in the Christmas service at the Presbyterian Church in Laitumkhrah.
In a statement sent today by P Bakshi, Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya and CEO of MHIS, he said that the scheme is currently providing financial assistance. T.5,00,000/- for all the people of Meghalaya.
Secretary Riskhem Nongdhar, Education Secretary Kyrshanskhem Kurkalang and other office bearers of the party in various positions.
Households will be able to get low interest and no deposit loans at 7% now to install RTS systems in houses up to 3 kW. Modal Solar Village in every district of the country to serve as an example for the adoption of rooftop solar in rural areas.
In this raid, police have seized 95 trucks carrying coal illegally from hidden places which have been parked without any owner from different parts of the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The final of the 2nd Otarwin & Drarsing Memorial Knock-Out Football Tournament – ​​2017, was held on Saturday, May 27, Sports Social Organization has won the Rngikseh Sports Social and Cultural Organization.
In fact, Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, is also the father of the MLAs, and the MLAs and MDCs are like his children in the government. that the children may not play chess any more.
In a statement sent by Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, President of CoRP Sengkmie, said that the presence of this school in Rani Jirang, is indeed a strong border for Meghalaya to protect it from the government's border crossing. Assam in Rani Jirang and surrounding areas.
Shillong, July 21: A Bolero Picup has collided with a Bolero Picup at Langsya near Kemmensaw village today. Several people have been injured in this incident. whoever is in this car will die.
The union on this occasion found many shortcomings in the hospital and it is not fully equipped like the CHC and the CHC hospital in Khliehriat is still lacking in medical equipment.
Speaking to the members of the JAC at the ground floor of the KHADC after a meeting at the office of the Chief Executive Member, Bah Twienwell Dkhar, Bah Pynyin said that the KHADC has not held hands in the matter. They have filed a complaint against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima on the allegation that he has handed over the Raid Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang.
When we look at the problems faced by us thousands of children in the Hima Mylliem in 2019, we are left in the dark because no one has taken action to collect the funds. “Hima Dorbar” of the Hima Mylliem.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Vijay Kumar D., IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Tourism said that Meghalaya is the best place to plant this soh. acres has been increased to 100 acres and next year they will increase the area to 500 acres.
The Minister said that the Ministry of Tourism has received 600 applications and out of these 50 applications have been selected under the government assistance scheme to purchase these vehicles. day.
He praised the state for still having 77% forest cover even though this has declined significantly in other areas.
It is here that those who live and these people are those people who live in the age of selfishness by attacking the poor and the needy, the rich and the poor.
Pyniaid is survived by his children, Teo Singh Syiem, Biang Rimai, Rito Singh, Fridian Rimai, Sonisha Rimai, Shaphrang Singh, Mistina Rimai, Tyllilang - King's Song
Rajiv Dutta won the 55 kg category, Maradona Rabon won the 60 kg category, Titan Paul won the 65 kg category and Pynshngain Langpen won the 65 kg category. In the 70kg category, Sallim Sangma won the 75kg category, Badon Kupar Lyngdoh won the 80kg category and Brian Bazeley won the 85kg category.
According to sources close to the coal traders, they cannot say anything because the NGT deadline has expired today and they have not yet disclosed because they still have to. Let's see what the government will do in this regard.
Whatever the circumstances, India will stand firm to protect every inch of the country's soil and for its glory.
BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh have arrested Namdy Limphu, 32, from Baghmara after suspecting his movements on the border with Bangladesh. He was arrested by the BSF in 2015 from Chiringiri village in South Garo Hills District.
The delegation left for Baghmara on 14th November 2022 and on arrival the delegation visited the Baghmara Indoor Stadium, together with Shri. Mongera Marak, DSO, South Garo Hills District. , Dept of Sports and Youth Affairs, GoM, to prepare for the State Talent Identification Program to be held on 15 July
The government and the government's refusal to implement a law to protect the state from the invasion of foreigners and mynder, and that is the only ILP which is the only law to protect the invasion of the indigenous people. Other invaders and those who enter the state at will and gradually claim to be the owners of the state and violate our rights in many areas.
Explaining on this, the Minister said that from the 28th of this month, 15% of vehicles will be allowed to operate and these will include only taxis and autorickshaws in Shillong.
The project will also strengthen and promote the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) – which is currently covered by 56% of households.
Regarding the influx of foreigners into the state, the LJP should discuss within the party to come up with a proper policy to prevent foreigners from entering the state. the state.
Regarding the Cabinet's decision to increase the salary of 4Teachers by 100 percent which means that these teachers will receive T.12000/- tyngka. from the government on this decision.
The deceased were identified as Horbius Jyrwa, 20, and Phaldoris Marwein,
Today, the visitors to Nan Polok said that it would be better if the authorities in charge of this beautiful tourist spot would send the dead Langbadur and the dead fish to be removed from the pond. .
The meeting was conducted by CK Ryngkhlem, Chairman of the Dorbar.
A prospecting license issued through auction shall allow license holders to prospect for rare minerals specified in the Seventh Schedule of the Act.
“Where is the bill light money paid by the people from time to time which makes MeECL unable to provide proper electricity to the people? Where is the Power Department of the state government that MeECL has been able to charge the people so much?”, asked Bah Siangshai.
He said that the IAS officer has served for 35 years without any qualifications in various ranks.
There are 14 villages, 12,000 residents and 7,000 voters in the Garbhanaga Reserve Forest area.
Shillong, March 12: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today held talks with Railway Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw regarding the replacement of the North East Express Mail Railway in Buxar District of Bihar. I left Guwahati for Delhi.
Gladdy Kharbuli scored the first goal of the match and Shillong School beat the Kolkata team.
Police said that Bah Kharlukhi is a member of the HNLC who came to surrender before the law. According to the complaint, he was an assistant to Bah Julius Dorphang who was arrested and is now in police custody.
U Bah ED War, Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, in his speech, congratulated the ASHA workers who have worked hard in the village while there is work in the morning and especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. 19 While the whole earth was filled with them, they did their work.
According to the videos we have seen through the press media, social media, YouTube, it has been seen that the people have been sympathized, beaten and shocked without forgiveness like animals.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that the Hima does not have any land, but these lands fall under the Raid Marwet, which falls under the Hima Mylliem.
Through the work of ERNET, school children in Tripura can now access education through the internet.
According to this order, only those shops in registered villages belonging to East Khasi Hills District and those shops recognized by the Deputy Commissioners of those districts are allowed.
The meeting was conducted by the Working President of the party, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. The President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, did not attend the meeting because he was ill.
The scrutiny of nomination papers will be held on 11 March 2021, and the last date to withdraw from contesting the mid-term MLA elections will be on 13 March 2021 and the polling will be held on 30 March .
He said that 92% of the citizens of India have not seen the Constitution and said that this book should be distributed to the people of the country. The right to equality, freedom, the right to mutual respect are protected by the Constitution.
He said that the school in Shillong has not issued certificates to the students who passed the examination but they have been issued certificates by SMU Gantok.
On the other hand, Dr Sangma expressed his regret over the gradual disappearance of the ruling party.
Nongrim Hills SC started to strengthen their game and in the 90th minute Supong Lemba Khongwir scored the third goal before Justerwell Tham confirmed the win. scored the last goal in the 90+2 minutes.
In Rajasthan, one case of anaphylaxis was suspected but he has recovered and is under observation at District Hospital, Bangar.
At this meeting, they agreed that what they are doing now should continue and in relation to Class XI and Class XII, they all agreed with the same system. should continue.
Shillong, March 18: The annual Autumn Flowers Show 2023 started today at the All Saints Cathedral Hall in IGP Shillong.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA Mawhati Charles Marngar on the issue of harassment of the people especially in the areas where there is no border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said: He said that the State Government has strengthened the Police Department especially by setting up Border Outposts and said that the number of staff in the old Border Outposts and many new Border Outposts has been increased recently. to breed in order to ensure the stability of the population on the border.
Referring to various initiatives of the Government of India which have brought about change and improved the lives of people especially the poor, by ensuring that no one is left behind, he stressed the importance of JalJeevan. Mission and Swachh Bharat Mission.
Shillong, March 17: A truck (UP51 AT 2949) has collided with a truck (UP51 AT 2949) at Shillong Bypass at 5 pm today. long three of them all.
In Jirang constituency, Lamboklang Mylliem, who contested from the NeSDP, won by more than 2496 votes against Congress candidate Barnabas Nongbah and NPP candidate S Sohtun. Former RBYF President Lambok said that Lambok has won the election after receiving the support of former Jirang MLA JD Rymbai and former Jirang Block President Indaris Maring.
Thousands of people from all over the country are expected to attend the three-day shad Suk Mynsiem which is held every year.
Additional SP of West Garo Hills, Bruno A Sangma, said that seven policemen have been dismissed.
to urge the State Government and the Government of India to allocate a separate share from the budget of the State Government to the 54 Hima/Elaka in Khasi Hills, 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills and for the Council of Nokmas as part of the support for to improve their powers in terms of administration, khaddar, justice and implementation of development schemes, in the Khun Hajar and in their Hima/Elaka.
Shillong, Lber 06: The drama of government formation in Meghalaya has turned into a shocking and pitiful one for our ethnic parties.
The committee also informs that the election of these office bearers will be held on the 26th June 2018 at the NSSS Hall, Nongstoin from 10 am to 3 pm.
The union met with the officer after the paid bill light payers of the area saw that the sudden increase from Rs 231 to Rs 463 per month.
On these issues, the MPSC has clarified that it is up to the Government to do all these things and the MPSC has not accepted any objection.
They were arrested from Rangthong village while they were on their way to Borsora.
The construction of these market buildings is about half the size of the JHADC super market in front of the office.
Professor Hambok Syiemlieh, Head of Geography Department, NEHU, said, “We must change according to the changing times”. The state has a rich natural resources of medicinal plants and also places that can attract tourists.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Cymbut CEM , Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said that they came to meet with the Symbut CEM , along with the land owners where they handed over the documents and these These documents have been issued since
Regarding the infiltration of foreigners, the state has prepared measures to prevent this infiltration.
Four suspects were arrested by the VDPs of Syndai Mission Village under Amlarem Sub-Division at 9 pm last night. don u No ML 04 B 5697.
On the other hand, the Minister said that they discussed at this meeting the part of the Bill introduced by the Central Government to appoint MDCs to the Rileum tribes who do not have a leader in the language. They will continue to discuss this issue at the meeting next month.
Members of the NCC from Battalion 2 and Battalion 42 today cleaned these two statues in the presence of NCC leaders to guide the children in this regard. cleansing.
Speaking on some of the examinations within the SSC , the Prime Minister said that the examinations are now conducted in 13 regional languages ​​besides Hindi and English to make it easier for the students to apart from the language barrier.
The Minister Duh inaugurated, handed over and laid the foundation stone of special measures worth more than T.4350 crore.
Before the award ceremony, the leaders of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) explained about the spread of HIV-AIDS and at the same time explained about the danger of HIV-AIDS. drugs.
There are 38 recoveries today, 9 from East Khasi Hills, 8 from West Jaintia Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills and 6 from South West Garo Hills. From 9 districts, 91759 cases have been recovered today.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) President Robert June Kharjahrin, General Secretary Roykupar Symrem and other members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today submitted a letter to the Chief Minister. Prestone Tynsong on the implementation of the regulation of the number of government employees.
The Government has also directed that if there are any complaints against this announcement, the complaints should be sent to the office within 40 days from today. signed by Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Department of Culture and Heritage, Government of Meghalaya.
Mamiry Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem MDC Constituency said that her decision to contest the MDC election is to preserve the customs and traditions especially the jai tai khong which should be given to women.
However, the government has not been able to do as it has set its target.
In this march, the teachers carried slogans, there should be equal pay for the same job, I cannot work without the right to work, the Meghalaya government should not make them pay for the same job. teachers as tax collectors.
(sp News).
These elected members will serve in 26 Block in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The group, in preparing the Vision Document 2030, said that to improve income in the state, the cooperation of the people and the central government should come forward to help many. Meghalaya is a Special Category State.
He also recalled his youth as a child who lived in this village and he used to take part in many activities of the village for the development of Jaiaw Langsning and more. he was a young man.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, while explaining the reply of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to a supplementary question on the incinerator, said in the House that the Civil Hospital Shillong has no incinerator. don't have this stick until now.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has released Rochestar Mylliem Kamar, also known as Bah Bamut, from the membership of the HNLC. Bah Rockestar said that the reason for this is that there is no healthy body.
Two of the signatories of the complaint, Thermonki Susngi of Nartiang Mudop and Diamond Dhar of Lumlakhiat, have alleged that “the Dorbar Shnong The Waheh Shnong, Bah Edward Shadap and the Secretary Shnong, Bah Tisis Phira, have approved on March, 2023 and on 5th June, 2024 to expel three persons including Bictor Dhar, Balen Dhar and Meloris Dhar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Nine MPs from North East today sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi demanding that if the government passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill, to pass the North East from this Act.
The Government of Meghalaya hopes that through this meeting, it will be a wake-up call, and a responsibility to work for the revival of the environment.
Police have asked the court for five days to arrest Bah Julius for further investigation in connection with the allegation of rape of a 14-year-old girl.
To preserve the nation there are three Mawbyrsiew and those Mawbyrsiew are, the “Land, the counting and the language”. without language, how can we speak like these three things that build and strengthen the nation.
The order was issued by the Under Secretary of the Electricity Department, Josephine Nongbet and sent to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, RM Kurbah for immediate implementation.
The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BBO) on Friday concluded the two-day All India Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 which was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium with the participation of athletes from all over the country.
Since its inception in 2002, it has been able to expand its operations across India and Asia Pacific as well.
These officers will ensure the smooth running of the counting of votes in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on Thursday from 7:00 pm to 4:00 pm.
This recognition by the District Council will encourage you to improve yourself and at the same time to continue the Khasi traditional medicine in the state,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC. Speaking at a short meeting, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
The villages allocated under the jurisdiction of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar are: Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Pamrakmai, Pamra Paithlu, Mookhep, Jaliah, Khliehmyntriang, Iurim Khliehshnong, Sohkymphor and Rashai. The Village Council and Shohshrieh can also be included if necessary.
Speaking to media, Roypar Kahrrasawai said that the state government and JVK which runs the EMRI in Meghalaya instead of solving the problems of the workers have attacked. change the account to the employee.
Ampereen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, opened the tournament. Before the start of the tournament, a match pass and a mass drill were held. haka you bag.
According to the information received from the relatives, the remains of Bah SD Khongwir will be buried on the 24th of November,
After this, at about 11:30 pm, he will inaugurate, hand over and lay the foundation stone of many projects at a public meeting in Shillong.
The scheme will be implemented now and will end in 2022 when the state will celebrate its 50th anniversary of independence.
As a state, for some reason, it cannot supply beef, it is concerned about the increase in the price of beef.
The formation of the EC and taking an urgent decision on this road without inviting the groups opposed to this shows that they are not firm on the grounds that they speak without thinking of the people of this area.
He said that the protest by the civil society to demand ILP in the state last year has caused problems to the people.
On this occasion, the Vice President of India paid tribute to Dr. Channa Reddy and said that he was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh at that time. civilian support.
Three teams from all over the East and West have taken part in the event. The finalists are the Combine Nongkhlaw and Nongthliew. he's Crazy.
The university was established as a partnership between India and the East Asian Summit (EAS) countries.
Former Chairman of the HNLC and now MLA of Mawhati constituency, Bah Julius K. Dorphang has spoken about his experience in the past few hours and said that after he came to He urged those who came today to surrender themselves to the authorities.
The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, in an interview with the media, said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will wait until April, The post of Chief General Manager of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited (MTC) has been appointed as the Chief General Manager of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited.
On the occasion, Bah Shylla also explained to the public on other laws passed by the KHADC Legislative Assembly such as the Inner Line Permit, the Clan Bill and the state government should not delay but should implement it. it does not pass laws that cannot be implemented.
We don't have to worry about even if we get a shipiah shipiah from what we work because the water is the source of the oceans.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order that all banks and post offices in East Khasi Hills District will be closed from Saturday morning.
However, what the union has learned from the government is that the government has sent training to the DC of West Jaintia Hills and it is understood that this office which they want should still be inside the office. The District Council will arrive in Jowai on the 29th of this month.
With the help of several people, Sr.
“The lotus flower in the G-20 logo is a symbol of hope in these times of crisis,” he said.
In his speech, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh Lamphrang, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, reminded that Bah JD Rymbai is a humble and intelligent man in his position as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. administration of the House of Representatives.
Therefore, we urge the Government to reconsider this decision so that it will not affect anyone.
New Delhi, Nailar 26: The Minister in charge of Labour and Employment, Bhupender Yadav today launched the Shram portal and handed it over to the States and UTs in the presence of Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Child Development. see the Ministry of Labor & Employment and Petroleum & Natural Gas.
On receiving this information, the police from Umpleng AD Camp rushed to the scene and also brought in special police teams to deal with the bombs.
The payment of interest for the year 2024-25 is estimated at T.1,236 crore and the payment of pension at T.1,865 crore.
In his speech, Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC from Nongstoin, said that it is unfortunate that as the days go by, the sloit of the District Council has become public from time to time.
This is no different from the policy of Muhammad bin Tuglak.
The union demands that the police should immediately stop such incidents and therefore we cannot tolerate or watch.
Shillong, July 15: The BJP East Jaintia Hills District together with the 6th Khliehriat Mandal today donated a scholarship to the students of the 6th Khliehriat Mandal. where Tuber Farming Village.
The office bearers of the units of the HFU who were confirmed on Tuesday include the Umtyllun Branch where Laitphar Kharbhih was elected President and Leversing Kharbhih General Secretary.
Shillong, July 26: Along with the rest of the country, Meghalaya today celebrated its 65th Republic Day in memory of the great men of the country who dedicated themselves to bring about this change. get a free country.
The National President said that the NPP has spread from Garo Hills to Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. He recalled that his father Purno A Sangma used to start campaigning from this ground. a special love for Kharkutta.
Shillong, March 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a flag raising ceremony across the Khasi Jaintia Hills to protest against the high price of petrol and diesel in Meghalaya. .
He said that road schemes can also be sent through Bharat Mala.
In her speech, Angela Rangad said that leaders should be qualified in their field of education, but the leaders should be skilled in their field of education. The most important thing is that they should understand the problems of the people.
On the occasion of the Christmas celebration, the police also conducted a relief campaign for the poor. To enhance the celebration, there was also a performance by the groups of singers with Christmas songs.
Other speakers on the occasion were Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati, D Lamar DHO Ri Bhoi, A Makdoh Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar; The meeting was conducted by Bah R.Shadap and welcome speech was delivered by Bah LS Bey, President of HFU Ri Bhoi.
Students who are eligible for this scheme have to meet the requirements such as Tests and others.
My point in writing this article is not to say that I am against coal mining, but have we ever thought that other living creatures created by God the Creator will lose the opportunity to live with us human beings.
The morning session started at 10:00 am with a wreath laying ceremony (at the statue of Swami Vivekananda) by the Chief Guest, Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, Chief Guest, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Ramakrishna Mission. Narrotam Nagar, Arunachal Pradesh, and Swami Hitakamananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong.
Less than 50 days after the start of the Vikas Bharat SankalpYatra, the Yatra has reached 2.25 lakh villages.
Edenbari is only 7 km from Tura town. When the police received a tip that these militants were in this area, they went to surround the area and when the militants saw the number of policemen, they arrested them. he lade with the end of the shuaiti.
“If the authorities do anything, they will continue the protest,” said Bah K Swer, president.
The HYC has announced that it will hold a march on 10/11/2022 from Madan Iewrynhep to the Additional Secretariat to demand the release of children's allowance. the students' fees.
The vehicles damaged in the collapse were three, one commercial taxi and two private vehicles.
On the other hand, these civil society organizations alleged that the minister is still confused on this issue and has forcibly emphasized what she has said.
One of the youths said that the government should release the new OM first in which according to the old OM issued in 2022, the appointment period is at the end of the year. 32 years of age for applying for jobs in various government departments.
The delegation was led by KSU Namdong Unit President Chanbor War and in the presence of General Secretary Juhhi Tariang and several members of the Unit.
Answering questions, Bah Lyngdoh said that until now, no bhalang or anyone else has sent him a letter.
Other government officials who attended the function included MS Rao, PS Dakhar DC East Khasi Hills and many other dignitaries.
The program today attracted the attention of the people and the Sankalp Pledge was also held.
At the time of publication, it was learned that there are other villages which have been severely affected by the storm and cold weather like Nongrim Jirang.
The curfew will remain in force from 9 pm to 5 pm, according to the announcement of the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills today and will continue until further notice. said the District Magistrate.
At this meeting, he strongly criticized the political parties in the state and especially the Congress party which has recognized the poor only during the elections and after the elections does not recognize them anymore. of the Congress party.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that HANM is a party that has been established on the basis of protecting the border, land and the uniqueness of the Nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Answering a question by Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang regarding the EMRS schools, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that 38 schools have been allocated to Meghalaya. Two houses have been completed, one at Pahamsyiem Nongpoh and one at Samanda in Garo Hills District.
Shillong, March 04: The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) has met at Lumjingsuk, Demthring Shillong to discuss the amendment of the Sixth Schedule. the state.
In the darkest times of their lives, there is a need for palliative care.
He also admitted that even after talking to the Presiding Officer and the Rangbah Shnong to stop the theft of votes, they did not listen. there was no trouble.
This step will encourage the use of technology in agriculture.
The Legislative Assembly has set a target to complete the new building by the end of 2022 and the construction of the new building has cost T.145 crore. amount.
“I hope that in the days to come, we will continue to share ideas, especially those that benefit our citizens," he said.
On this occasion, the Vice President recalled the nine sins of the Father of the Nation, wealth without hard work, happiness without knowledge, knowledge without character, trade. inheritance without knowledge, science without the human soul, religion without sacrifice and politics without foundation.
In the letter, the union said that according to para 11 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the District Council is empowered to make laws.
This shows that many people like to plant these short trees.
All uniformed soldiers shall stand and salute while others shall stand and salute the patriotic anthem.
What he learned the lesson from the flag was that the circular symbol of white was the earth and the presence of a rooster pointed to light, folklore says when the earth is in darkness u king prayed to restore light, led from darkness to light.
After the improvement of the sound system, vocalist Doug Robb expressed his gratitude to the audience despite the noise of the sound system but they waited patiently to listen to their songs. .
In this regard, all the MLAs of Shillong have agreed with the second phase, it has been decided to revive the COVID-19 committees in the constituencies which were announced last year and They can talk and if there is a need for assistance from the government they will inform.
According to Kong Syiem, many of the day laborers have not received the money that is usually delivered directly to their bank accounts.
This will affect the small Khasi community in terms of the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Hundreds of people came to listen to the election campaign of the Congress party as it was also a market day in Mawryngkeng. election MLA Mid-term.
The meeting started on 30/5/2022 and will end on 2/6/2022. The meeting between the two border guards is known as the Co-ordination Committee. Sumit Sharan, IPS, Inspector General of BSF from Tripura has left for Bangladesh via Dawki.
On receiving this information, the police rushed to the scene to recover the bodies of the two people who died in the accident.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Shillong Lajong Football Club beat Nongkrem SC 1-0 in the first leg of the Gionee Shillong Premier League at the JN Stadium Polo on Saturday.
He added that he appreciated the Government's intention to turn to the mineral resources of the State as part of increasing revenue.
Jowai Police Station said that on receiving this information, they sent police to the scene and according to the investigation, the suspects involved in the shooting are Thmubait I Dkhar. Changki Luhuid and Deibormi Lyngdoh, who were accused of shooting the two truck drivers.
This is the key to wealth creation for the country which we should encourage.
These health centers should have ventilators, personal protective equipment (PPE), masks and medicines to treat patients.
Without blaming the previous governments, he said it was a delay to take up to 12 years to allocate only T.12 crore. The foundation stone and within two years this new building will benefit the students of the District.
On the other hand, Bah Dester Nongsteng, President, Nongkynrih Football Club Association, while conducting the tournament, invited the Chief Guest, Bah John F Kharshiing, who was the initiator of the tournament. Kur football tournament since 2015 to address the public and youth who attended.
Shillong, Lber 12: Six new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from East Jaintia Hills, one from East Khasi Hills and two from South West Khasi Hills. , West Jaintia Hills 2 people.
It may be recalled that at the time of the incident, the mother was pregnant and the child had to be taken out of the mother's womb and buried together on the day of the last ritual. to this mother and son.
The Seng receives complaints from time to time that there is corruption in the recruitment and discrimination during the personal interview.
According to sources, the driver of the truck died on the spot and the passenger sustained serious injuries.
The Minister was accompanied by Angela Ryngad, TUR Leader and others.
On Education, Dr. Anjali Hazarika conducted the meeting and the participants were Shyambir, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Ganderbal, J&K; u Dev Raj Dhiman, Principal, Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh; of Varnali Deka, District Commissioner, Nalbari, Assam; u Purva Garg, IAS, Secretary Education cum Chairperson, Samagra Shiksha, UT, Chandigarh.
This means that when people enter a Raid or Hima, they must have rules which the Hima must comply with according to the laws.
In Garo Hills, the department has built two markets, one at Gashwapara and one at Dalu.
“It is a shame that although the office of the Director of School Education and Literary (DSEL) has released the salaries of all the DSEOs for the third quarter of November to November 2019, the Treasury and banks have not yet released them. “I don't have the money because the government doesn't have the money,” said Babu Kular.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Rani said that the proposal came from the HNLC and he has to consider whether to accept or reject the proposal. make a decision.
Today, the Chief Secretary has been asked to send doctors and medicines to treat the people who are in the school building.
He said that as we enter this Amrit Kaal of India's independence, the Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is introducing three new laws to completely transform the work of India. law.
Police have also seized 7 or 8 tonnes of coal, two bags of clothes and sdie from the coal mine in the Urak forest in Riangdim, about 25 km away. km from Shallang.
: the mutka is not clean; man is a living creature that is more intelligent than animals, birds and flesh.
At present, 9 Sports Schools have been approved across the city, of which 5 are run by the armed forces.
In terms of many problems, in the field of peace and order, even after completing the training they have received, they still need to be trained in many areas because of the crimes committed by the states. from time to time according to the changing times.
“We are fortunate that when I took over the Social Welfare Department two months ago, the Ministry in Delhi has allocated funds for 226 new Angwandi Centres.
According to the photograph taken by the police, the woman has a scar on her neck.
Bah Shylla alleged that the inability to resolve the issue in Iewmawlong is because the government ministers want shops, they don't have time to look after the issues of the people. The District Council is not allowed to sign.
Speaking in the KHADC House, he said that the expenditure will be higher than the revenue in this fiscal year and the estimate is that the expenditure will be higher than the revenue and the maximum expenditure will be T. /- amount.
There were also traditional dances such as the Laho dance from Jaintia Hills and the Mastieh dance from Khasi Hills. eye inheritance.
Although the theme of the festival is to promote the culture, Bah Raphael Warjri said, “The current situation in these two areas is a threat from the earthquake. The Jumai has a great message to comfort and encourage its fellow human beings through the poems taken from the Khasi stories.
Due to the intensity of the fire, it was not possible to prevent the damage to the goods in various shops in this house which has four floors. sha tnum of the house of druh.
The party will investigate the results to find out the truth.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the paradoh parasnam who have a responsibility for the Jaidbynriew to come and take part in this day as a sign to show that the life of the Khasi is not worthless. take it at any time.
“The police department has ordered to search the trucks carrying coal illegally and we have also spoken to the Superintendent of Police but he said that the checkpost should be set up,” said Bah Lawai.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, while speaking as the chief guest, praised these two youths for using the training they have received from this training centre. and this is an example for others who have just completed their training in the jobs they want to do.
Even the civil society organizations have to ask whether they have work permits in the state.
During the clashes with the police, the crowd managed to enter the venue and destroyed the hall and tables and chairs.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, said that he has sent an inquiry into the allegation and the report will be received soon. At present, nothing can be said whether it is reasonable or illegal until the report is received.
Answering questions, the DC said that from the place where these seven people died, there was no evidence that there were Thela containing coal or coal mining equipment. there is nothing like it there is only white sand.
All facilities have been provided at all COVID-19 vaccination centers across the country.
He urged the trainees to turn their education into a career, promote self-employment.
The Mawryngkneng Tourism Promotion Society led by Bah Wanlambok Kharsati as President of the Mawryngkneng Tourism Promotion Society also took part in the cleanliness drive.
The petition was signed by the President of AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, Heatermoon Ryngkhlem and Secretary General of AJYWO Central Body, Reachingson Siangshai. Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of MDA Government and Santa Mary Shylla, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
In this regard, we had the opportunity to talk, discuss and discuss with the leaders of the Legislative Assembly, such as Bah Paul Lyngdoh when he was the Leader of the Legislative Assembly and Kong Streamlet Dkhar when he was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Khasi Students at the NEHU Lecture on the Khasi Language.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary Samla Laitphar Syngkrem.
After this discussion within the PDF, the UDP MDCs will submit what they have decided within the PDF to the party and the party will sit down and discuss the outcome of the PDF meeting. Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar in his first speech as the new president of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today said that they will come, but the goal is to protect the nation.
Police recovered a mobile phone, four Indian SIM cards from Kashmir and two Bangladeshi SIM cards from his body.
““In the public service, we must come forward with those who are willing to talk especially that this is their responsibility (ASHA).
Speaking to media, Marngar said that after the action of the State Government, the Assam Government has withdrawn the CRPF to patrol the area. However, even after removing the CRPF, they have built a gate and deployed police to patrol the village.
He expressed his concern over the cases of children – out of the 17 boys in the juvenile centre, 15 are cases of POCSO. a dangerous job because it affects the society in the country.
In another incident, the Pateure Beat House Police Station, which has been investigating the murder of Bah Amarshon Nongkynrih, 52, at Lad Shyiap, Golflink, on the 17th of this month, has been arrested. Two foreign robbers, who works as a part-time accountant of Rani Motors, have been arrested in connection with the incident.
All the scientists and ISRO officers will practice yoga together according to the Common Yoga Protocol.
Initially, they will meet with the parents of the children to learn about them.
Regarding the Memorandum on the cost of construction, Bah Tynsong said that he will speak in the Legislative Assembly to introduce assistance schemes for the construction of such buildings. finally to loved ones who have passed away from this world.
According to sources, Riskhem Kassar, 19, who was studying in class 10, was shot dead at about 12 o'clock in the morning. The victim was rushed to Jowai Civil Hospital for treatment.
The CEM said he did not want to make too many voices on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
In this article, they have set out the rules.
The SRS also wants this project to be implemented soon and that the nurses from the institute in the state will start their work.
Importantly, the intelligent planning of the economy has also helped in the efforts to bring about economic development for all.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Department of Mining and Geology has followed up on this and to prepare a mining plan as requested by NGT together with CMPDIL, the state government will continue to discuss the issue. He said that in the future, the cooperation of the owners of the coal mines is needed. The Prime Minister requests the landowners and the They should understand the government's intention so that the mining of coal will benefit the state and future generations.
The Mawkynrew Cup Committee will soon start holding the 4th Mawkynrew Cup Open To All.
On the other hand, the NPP said that the Christmas and New Year celebrations are a time for all the people of Meghalaya to celebrate the birthday of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Carnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency as the Chief Guest, Fr. including church leaders, parents, youth and others.
“We have also requested the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to remove the nuit from this place but this has been a mistake,” said Dhar.
The BSF troops deployed at the new market below Pynursla have been arresting cow traders from this area.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has lodged a complaint with the police regarding the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products even after the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has issued an order. and especially after the approval of the District Council.
Secretary, MH Dkhar, and other leaders and executive members of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-EJHD, from various Circles and Units of East Jaintia Hills District.
The KHADC has gathered these Syiems of Hima and Raid Chiefs to explain to the people of the villages involved in the border dispute that they should express themselves with one clear voice. They are not located in the State of Meghalaya.
The union has taken this step as part of the efforts to improve the cleanliness of the PHC and the village as a whole.
Perhaps it can lease only the land of the Government of India, but this Act is illegal because the Government of India is not the owner of the land in Meghalaya. States) Furthermore, when reading the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 and the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957, all these Acts/Acts were created according to the land tenure system in India, but could not be implemented. These Acts and Rules in the Khasi States, Jaintia and Garo Hills in Meghalaya are illegal and a constitutional anomaly and they have no right to own the land of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills. laws and acts are the opposite of what is agreed upon in the treaties and promises.
The DBF has launched programs to empower women in other neighboring villages, and to eradicate poverty through the development of this sector.
The bill will be debated in the Rajya Sabha tomorrow and voted into law.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Shillong Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) Shillong has recovered Bah Yomiki Kharshandi who survived the collision with a truck at Mawkhap, Pynursla. Civil Sub-division after three of his friends died shortly afterwards and another one identified as Bansiew Khongklian escaped by climbing from the bottom of the river to the top of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Upper Primary students of Shillong Government Boys' School have been without a mathematics teacher for more than a year. in this state.
Many of the elders of the area have expressed their regret to see that the clean color of the road has faded and this deterioration of the road has now put the residents of the area to ask whether the PWD When the road is paved, there are no engineers to supervise the paving.
Pynursla, July 12: Eastern Pirates of Pohkseh beat PHE Pynursla by three goals to one in the final match after no goals were scored at the Unkor-Urksew Pynursla Stadium. Tens of thousands of people came to witness the match.
Quarantine centres, Corona Care and Isolation Centers have been set up across the state.
The Chief Minister congratulated all the government employees who have worked hard to ensure that this disease does not enter the state. the state from this disease.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Various civil society groups, political parties and the Kur Syiemlieh today commemorated the 187th death anniversary of the freedom fighter of the country, the King of Nongkhlaw Hima Tirot Singh. Syiem was imprisoned by the French in Dhaka until he died in prison.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: A group of MSSASA teachers from Garo Hills led by Mathias D Shira in the presence of Bah HM Marbaniang NIOS Regional Office Guwahati.
The closure of pharmacies will last for 24 hours from 12 noon to 12 noon.
The Task Force, headed by the Deputy Commissioner, will select the site and will select the site after inspection. send it to the government development department to do what is necessary.
The injured child was taken to Umsning CHC and the body of Tripash Sangma was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
The meeting was also attended by the MLA of Nongpoh and the DC of Ri Bhoi District.
Tylli stands sapret stands.
He said that the complaint to the PHE department is on the reason why the people of the area are suffering from water shortage when the world knows and witnesses Mawsynram as the rainiest village in the world. .
At the same time, the leader of the party has criticized the authorities, saying that if others are given land to build churches like Mahadev Khola, why should they be given land to build churches like Mahadev Khola? your own.
Shillong, July 10: Police today seized gold worth T.22/-lakh and arrested a foreign trader. state.
In the days of Noah, God punished all the too wicked people because He no longer wanted them to live on this earth.
There have been 23 recoveries today, including 16 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from West Garo Hills and 3 from East Garo Hills. now.
Shillong, Lber 26: U Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma today said that he too has the same concern about MeECL as the UDP leaders. you are not wrong.
From the same place, police recovered note books, demand letters of the GNLA and receipts. Police also recovered seven mobile phones from the same place.
The Director said that regarding the containment areas, the government has decided to set up micro containment areas.
Police have arrested Celrence Jason Rajee.
It was on this day that 90,000 Pakistani soldiers surrendered to the Indian army and this led to the formation of present-day Bangladesh.
Bah Abutt Nelson Muksor as Treasurer, Bah Standbyme Sari as Media Secretary and all the chiefs of the Executive Committee who are also the chiefs of the Kurs in their respective areas. .
On the other hand, the union urges the health department to do something for the benefit of the people and urged the MLA to work hard to achieve this goal.
Speaking at both the meetings held in the villages, he said that the Council really wants to stop seeing these problems and bloodshed and urged to cooperate with it in order to end this. and to provide an impartial judgment in order to bring peace to both sides.
The Chief Minister said that the Shillong Chamber Choir is one of the most beautiful choirs in India. He reminded that the choir attracts many listeners every time it performs. their song.
Today, one case has been confirmed from East Khasi Hills District and the total number of recoveries has risen to 13867 and the death toll has risen to
It is to be recalled that after the GTF has installed these Terminal Point Inceptors, on 9th March, 2024, the team has launched a campaign to transport and unload tens of tonnes of nuit using ships. tyngsong, and other equipment to be used for work and treated with disinfectants to avoid any hazards during cleaning.
At this meeting, a special group was formed which includes all the sports associations in Jaintia Hills and the All Jaintia Sports and Games Forum (AJSGF) was formed. It is a group formed specifically to demand the right of Jaintia Hills to be included in the 39th National Games.
Before the opening of the market, the two Dorbar Shnongs had already spoken to the Syiem of Myllime Hima to ensure that there will be a cleanliness of the market. crane with the King.
On the other hand, they expressed their concern regarding the proposal to appoint MDCs for the ethnic groups without leaders.
As the state is now in turmoil, the civil society is not against the railway line but against the influx of foreigners.
Under this Act, it is necessary to disclose reports relating to the PDS, accounts and the appointment of Vigilance Committees to ensure transparent and accountable performance.
The Chief Minister said that the illegal smuggling of coal has been revealed even in the CAG report for the year 2013-2014, to 2017-2018 and the loss to the state during that period is 27.78 lakh MT of coal smuggled illegally during that period was T.180 crore. He said that before the elections to the Legislative Assembly in July, the government had auctioned it at that time. 6.9 lakh MT without the GSP where only one agency has been allocated up to 5.4 lakh MT.
Our goal should be to encourage children to practice yoga regularly.
He said that the state government has signed an agreement with NEHU to conduct research on agriculture in the state using the latest documents.
Jowai, Naitung 28: The Minister of Road Construction, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Syiemlieh, Additional DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah MM Sune. PWD Secretary, L Passah.
The group attacked the British police station and burned all the weapons in the area.
The Director, I&PR, Smti MN Nampui read out the message from the Chief Minister on the occasion.
The meeting was convened by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States. On the other hand, they oppose the incorporation of the Village Development Council under the provisions of the Village Administration Bill because it will undoubtedly turn into a division and division of the villages within the Hima.
On this occasion, the Army also dropped a 30 kilo flower from its helicopter to mark the occasion.
During the meeting, many issues were discussed, the welfare and benefits related to the farmers from the lack of market and the assistance from the Government to the farmers.
They also demanded to increase the budget for farmers and to introduce a law to abolish kilo cutting in the state as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Members of the LAEF of Mansang area on Saturday surrendered before the Superintendent of Police in West Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The three-day festival will start in Shillong tomorrow morning at All Saint Hall, IGP, Shillong. The festival is to allow people to get detailed information when they want to travel around the world.
Shillong, Naitung 05: A special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today was convened to discuss the Amendment Rule,
The chief guest on the occasion was Samla Egenstar Kurkalang President BJYM Meghalaya. In the presence of Bah Babul Suting President BJP East Khasi Hills, he explained the schemes and speeches for the workers. The meeting was led by Aistar Kharumnuid and welcome speech was delivered by Gosparly Marngar President BJP Nongkrem Mandal.
Before the NPP-led MDA government, all non-government teachers could take part freely in politics as they wished in different parties.
It is the MDA government after coming to power that has improved the MRRSA and has listened to the demand of the people to implement the ILP in the state by taking a decision in the House. The NPP has taken this decision and the talks are ongoing with the central government and the party leaders express their gratitude to the people for their support to the NPP party and to continue to support the party. the support of the party.
Speaking to reporters, Erwin Sutnga said that the visit was to cancel the soskular signed between Assam and Meghalaya. You shall not have any contact with the District Council.
Shillong, Lber 07: Shillong Police have recovered the body of a child from Lawmali near Lawmali.
To fight against COVID-19, the government has taken all the measures and the three measures that the government has taken are, Containment. The second is to give Tika. This is the only protection measure and the third is the protection measures which the government has been strengthening.
The incident was investigated by the Delgi Police and found to be true.
Terrorist activities have affected trade.
There are 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 47 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 6 cases in West Garo Hills. sun.
After apologizing to the officer in front of the House, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that such an incident is the first time since 1973, although there have been officer calls but in 1973.
The competition will be held on 2nd October 2024 at ITA Machkhowa in Guwahati. Before reaching the final, there will be a lot of training and competition to reach the final. 47 people.
Not only that, Bah Arphul was not in Nongstoin at that time and this could be verified through medical certificates, railway tickets, bank withdrawal certificates and others. others.
Jowai, Lber 27: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today through its Art & Culture Secretary, Samla Chebha Passa expressed its gratitude to the CEM of JHADC, his EC and all the people. MDCs who have worked hard to establish the Department of Art & Culture within the JHADC in the last Dorbar.
The chief guest along with other dignitaries unfurled the flag to signal the opening of the meet.
There are 9 grants in the budget of KHADC while in all nine grants the opposition has put forward demands to increase the budget “cut motion” and in all nine grants there have been discussions within the budget. The meeting was attended by all the members of the opposition.
The KSU demands that the government should punish the officials of UCIL and AMD because the discovery of this song from Manipur with the shap of Shillong shows that they do not respect the decisions of the state government and also the decisions of the Executive. At the same time, the District Council demands that the government and KHADC should not express their opposition to uranium. Not only within the state but also to the Central Government to declare that the uranium mine has been permanently removed from Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 10: U Prestone Tynsong, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that there are laws if an officer is arrested why he did not lodge an FIR with the police.
Since the past, the KSU has always stood on the ground that the VC should be appointed by the state residents in order to achieve the vision and objectives of NEHU. He was the VC of NEHU but since the past and until now the governments in Delhi have not taken into account the demands of the people of Meghalaya especially the KSU. The KSU has urged the Government of India to listen to the voice of the people of Meghalaya by appointing a Khasi VC at NEHU. He urged all the leaders of political parties in the state to seek their support and urge them to demand a Khasi VC.
Shillong, June 16: The light bill that the Meghalaya government has to pay to the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) has so far reached T.550 crore.
Jowai, Nailur 11: To maintain peace and stability among the different ethnic groups living on the border between Assam and Meghalaya in Block One, Khanduli, a 'Karbi' has been established. -Pnar Peace Committee to ensure that these two groups live in peace.
“Mairang Block has the fastest increase in the number of COVID-19 cases.
Two officers of Mawryngkneng Police Station Sir J.Syiemlieh gave a briefing on the programme.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The National Council of Churches India (NCCI) has decided to invite all Tribal and Advasi MPs to speak to them and explain to them. which is related to the plight of the minorities in India.
These cows were transported in trucks covered with Tilpar.
This support is to help up to 300 more nurses in the coming years.
Vice-President- All Now Sangma.
Also present at the ceremony were Bah N Khongkhlad, Secretary of the Covid-19 Team for Border Trade, North Eastern Border Trade, Sirdar of Nongjri District, Bah Napoleon Siej.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
Paul said the matter is still under consideration for the four names which the Social Welfare Department has approved to appoint as Chairperson and these names will be brought to the Cabinet meeting. get your approval.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that there are many other things that the Rangbah Shnong has done which the people will appreciate his work and at the same time they don't want him. to tell what has happened in the city.
On this occasion, awards were also presented to those farmers who have improved in the field of milk production, a book on milk production was also launched and a prominent farmer was also honoured. Hameshaniah Suiam of the state won the gold medal in the competition.
In 2019, Phrangki won the Shillong Premier League and the Meghalaya State League and scored 24 goals in these games and has now been selected for FC Bengaluru. United.
However, those who live in the area did not go to inform the SMB according to the information.
Mawsynram Cluster elected to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. Mawsynram Cluster won the toss and elected to bat first. run until the end of 20 overs for the loss of five wickets.
The three day program which will start from 19th February – 21st February 2013 is sponsored by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
Shillong, July 15: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) today sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek to clarify the identity of M/s. Double Seven Corporation is the largest corporation in Byrnihat.
Therefore, the party in this regard would like to request you to take action so that the aspirations of the people of Mawkyrwat area can be fulfilled.
“The presence of KSU offices in the border villages and outside the State has helped our fellow citizens to avoid being harassed by other ethnic groups.
The report, which will be released at the summit to be held from 19 to 21 January in Hiroshima, Japan, is expected to show how these seven developed countries will work together to combat and prevent “trade and economic aggression" by any country.
India, after the year of the Presidency, will continue to work with stakeholders from other countries and Member States who wish to increase tax authority.
In protest against the speech of the Minister of Education in the House, the teachers will not be allowed to correct the SSLC examination papers of the students.
According to R.Khonglah, the contract between the contractor and the state government will expire on 31st June
The Scheme Steering Committee has approved 11 Detailed Project Reports (DPRs) of Charkha Cluster for the current fiscal year 2019-2
Ms Ampareen said that at this time parents should not force their children to study but allow their children to choose which field to study. want them to reach their goal as they wish.
Shillong, July 27: The President of the PMCC, Bah DD Lapang today announced the Congress candidates for the MDC election to the JHADC next month. .
Shillong, July 9: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today donated 30 PPE, 5 oxygen cylinders and a small amount of money to the Supercare Hospital.
Shillong, July 13: The Archbishop of Shillong Catholic Church, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, today inaugurated the 100th Anniversary of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco. in the Khasi Hills.
The award was given to the kickboxing players who have brought fame not only to the state but to the country as a whole after winning medals in the 3rd WAKO Indian Open International Kickboxing Tournament 2024 which was held in the city. New Delhi.
The collection of money was from the vendors in the name of registering the vendors with the Town Vending Committee (TVC) and the SMB office which is conducting an inspection under the Meghalaya Street Vending Act. Regulation of Street Vending) Scheme, 2023.
On the other hand, the BSF said that the theft of bikes from Meghalaya especially from the border areas with Bangladesh is very popular especially during the rainy season as the stolen bikes are sold to Bangladesh.
Similarly, when it comes to the administration of justice, 90 percent of the Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars are in the dark about the Administration of Justice Rules
If the Chief Minister or the Ministers or MLAs who signed or decided to sign the MoU do not come to take part, the Seng will continue to hold its own program to explain to the public and Shillong, Nailar 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 100 people have tested positive for COVID-1 There are 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Garo Hills.
The BSF troops not only guard the border of the country but also contribute to the development of the people in all aspects.
Therefore, the government has decided to use computers in the PACS to make them transparent, ensure their accountability and also to update them so that government schemes can be linked to the PACS. PACS.Shah said within 20 days of the inauguration of the Cooperation Ministry, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has allocated T.2,500 crore for the use of computers in PACS, and through this 65,000 computers have been distributed. PACS are used for computers.
The Prime Minister said that pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors have a major role to play in the fight against COVID-1
A skit competition and an essay competition were also held on the occasion.
In a statement sent by Samla Saikil Sumer General Secretary, KSU Lapangap Unit urged the government authorities to take immediate action so that the people can repair this road. so that the residents of the village will not suffer in coming and going and transportation.
During the High Level Meeting, there were also many suggestions from the members of the opposition which the government welcomed.
The Police have sacrificed their lives in this fighting and as it is now I believe you can see that the number of tourists has changed well because the Police have done their duty and have sacrificed their lives. of your life.
They will soon monitor this issue from time to time in Jaintia Hills by meeting with the two Deputy Commissioners of the area to get information from them regarding the Entry/Exit Points and also the District Task Force Committee. “We also demand that they should expedite the implementation of the construction of these gates and also to immediately implement the District Task Force Committee in the area,” said Bah Dkhar.
The Superintendent of Police has sent officers to investigate the incident.
The party stands firm on the ground that it will not accept at all and the leaders who intend to bring the railway to the state should think carefully and look at what is still missing in the region but not just be stupid.
New Delhi, Jymmang 25: The Women and Child Development Department of the Government of India conducts the annual Prime Minister's National Bal Puraskar (PMRBP) to recognize gifted children.
An estimated 2000 headmasters of educational institutions including central and state government universities attended the ceremony. the hundredth year is twenty-one.
“And this post of CEM should not be vacant, therefore when the Executive Committee is removed, the Council has to complete the election without delay, and that The election of a new CEM of the Council shall be completed within 48 hours. SHALL forth-with submitto the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner.
Although there is a demand to open more bank branches, the problem is that the RBI has set a requirement that within one year the bank must have a shareholder and at the same time the management has reduced the number of bank branches. to the employees this is the problem they are facing.
You don't have to worry about your issues.
Albinus Lamurong, Asst General Secretary KSU JHDU, said that the DC's office has alleged that there may be something behind the DC's office. to issue orders or send personnel to inspect and prevent vehicles from carrying Palat Pud through this bridge.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the government has convened two meetings with the civil society organizations on the border issue. It is clear that the government has decided to resolve the border issue because this is what is still being demanded for a long time.
The Meghalaya government has not been able to pay the light bill of NEEPCO and the central government company has stopped supplying electricity to the state, he said. .
The meeting was chaired by the Chief Election Commissioner, Rajiv Kumar, ECs, Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhu. Officers from the States/UTs and Central Government teams protecting the border areas.
Hame Shaniah Suiam has been invited to represent India at the WAKO Cadets & Juniors World Kickboxing Championship to be held in Rimiki Italy in September. 2014.
: the mutka is clean and covered with lyndang pyllup;
“We will stand on our ground so that the CAB will not take hold in our state. The Congress party in the past few days through Rahul Gandhi has already announced it,” said Shangpliang. If the Congress party comes to power, there will be many schemes to benefit the people from the poor families, the farmers and others.
So far, 17,000 people have benefited when they need emergency treatment and need to be treated and the benefits have reached more than Rs 10 crore,” said Dr Pawar.
The union also distributed awards to the students who passed well in various examinations, Samla Lumlang Lyngkhoi who got the 10th Position in BSc (Hon) Physics. The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Sohliya, Bah O Lyngkhoi, while the meeting was conducted by Samla Peterson Kylla, President of KSU Umsning Circle.
The existing langstieh market will be replaced by the existing market.
Shillong, July 25: The body of a man who was found on Friday was identified as Amir Hussian of Chirang, Assam.
Residents of Saw pherlong near the collapse of the Mobile Tower, alleged that the collapse of the tower was caused by the collapse of the tower at the bottom of the tower and because of this heavy rainfall has caused the ground to calm down. the Tower did not collapse.
Several steps have been taken to promote women’s labor force participation.
On the following day, 11th November 2022, more than 5,000 people drove the four escapees into a forest near Shangpung village.
You can ask Bah Hek to verify this.
Shillong, March 13: U Bah Blikstar Sohun, Leader of the Rangbah Shnong Union of Riad Nongtung and a group today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to express their concerns to the people of Riad Nongtung. raid.
Naitung 11: Grace Kharpuri, after being confirmed by the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of KHADC that her nominations have been completed, has now become a candidate for the CEM election tomorrow. Speaking to reporters, she said that if she wins the election, she will send an inquiry to the CBI regarding the T.28 crore of KHADC. The PDA, but the House's position is that if it wins tomorrow morning, it will send a CBI inquiry into the T.28 crore KHADC fund as reported in the media.
We can do this if we expand the boundaries of freedom and it is also an opportunity for the citizens and the country as a whole.
Shillong, November 01: The Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) in collaboration with the Faith Foundation has organized a song concert.
He explained that if the income of a citizen is not from the area recognized as a citizen, he has to pay tax but if the work is within the area of ​​citizenship. The riewlum shall not be subject to taxes.
In Khliehriat, unidentified persons had set fire to the office of the Block Development, but thanks to the timely search of the people, the tree was extinguished and the office escaped damage.
According to sources, the passengers of the bus were injured as well as those inside the truck.
Shillong, November 23: Members of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) have decided to help those who are facing difficulties in getting blood during the time of need. The patients, held a blood donation inside the Assembly Hotel.
Police have also arrested another person and are conducting investigation to find out who is involved in the trafficking of these drugs. trade from one state to another.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Dr Najma Heptulla, Governor of Manipur, today inaugurated a flower garden in Imphal at Bioresources Park on the grounds of the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development (IBSD). Institute of the Department of Biotechnology, Central Government.
After seizing the drugs, money, injection needles and Ganja, the police set fire to them.
The Chief of Army Staff of GOC 3 Corps sent his condolences to the family members and expressed his gratitude for sacrificing their lives for the fight against terrorism.
He said that tomorrow morning the KHADC will go to Mawthabah to find out the facts and if it is found that the AMD is still suspending its work, the KHADC has the authority to investigate. The AMD has violated the powers of the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The FKJGP Sengkmie, after seeing through the media regarding the submission of the report of the Inquiry Commission headed by Justice (retd) T Vaiphei, regarding the The death of former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew has been sent to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday.
One is on the power of Article 200 to apply to the Sixth Schedule where Article 200 is on the approval of Bills passed by the Council and when the Governor once that any Bill passed by the Council has been sent and if it is sent again for amendment and if it is sent again for the second time the Bill shall not be rejected.
This will be the first time for the Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi to meet with prominent figures of the state.
During the inspection, only two shops were found to have proper documents and 3 shops were found to be without proper documents. The Drug Inspector and the union immediately closed down the shops. These shops should not be opened.
He said that he has just taken over the post today and will have to look into it.
The BJP recently decided not to contest and announced its support to the NPP candidates in Shillong and Tura.
Such programs can be conducted by the GSI at its Shillong Center or by the GSITI in Hyderabad according to the needs of the states.
He added that the state government has promised to provide security forces if there is a need for the fuel trucks to carry the fuel from the factories until they reach the destination. in the places where they should be dropped.
This was done on the birthday of one of the founders of the party, Dr Sham Prasad Mukherjee.
Sanbor Shullai also announced that this task has been handed over to the renowned Barrister of the State, Bah Raphael Warjri to train the durmat through the Union of Khasi Barbers, the Riti Academy. Bah Raphael Warjri led the way at the gates of Mattithaw and Deiriti villages.
The union said that even foreigners have been allowed to visit, markets have been opened and even schools, cinemas and others have been opened.
Regarding the Indian government's prosecution of the HNLC under the UAPA Act within the MHA, this has raised an important question, whether the Modi Government can resolve the issue. Zakir Naik, why hasn't the same been done to the leaders and members of the HNLC, who are still taking part in the peace talks with the government?
Shillong, July 24: Three Langbadurs have been found dead in an electrical outlet in Nan Polok. in Name Block.
Ms Passah is a promoter of music and dance in the state.
The B Natural juice was launched at a function held at the Bandstand in Bandra, Mumbai and actress Shilpa Shetty will be the spokesperson for the B Natural juice.
At this time, the PHE department will not pump water during the construction of the ring light of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme.
The Prime Minister urged to create employment opportunities.
A team of doctors, health experts and health workers has been sent by AI plane. Indians arriving from China will be quarantined for 14 days. Two Quarantine Centers have been opened at Manesar run by the Armed Forces Medical Services and Chawla Camp run by the ITBP. will be sent to the ITBP camp.
After this, he will leave for Agartala and at a public meeting at about 2:45 pm, he will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of major projects in the state.
The Internet outage in the North East was caused by the outage of optical fiber in parts of Maldan and Siliguri in West Bengal before entering the region. it's because it's not enough it's because it's not line.
Regarding this suggestion, the Road Construction Department of the State Government and the National Highway of the Central Government have tried to get another road to avoid the area and according to the rules of NHAI, this The road should have been able to accommodate four vehicles and preparations are underway.
In view of this awareness, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, JP Nadda has urged that screening programs should be conducted for all citizens of the country, if they have any symptoms. em this this disease.
Therefore, the recommendation of the Mining & Geology Department is to empower the Ministry of Government to review the matters related to this sector so that it can be reviewed by the various ministries of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Central Government has decided to focus on coal and talk about other mineral resources.
Prime Minister Duh promised everyone that India will lead the world in the future technology and that this will turn India into a leader for other countries.
Monitoring is based on reporting and ensuring that everyone receives benefits.
The KSU wishes these youths to arrive safely at the venue and also to bring glory to the country and the nation as a whole.
This protest is to protect the future generations.
Inside the Kenbah Malai President, Khelor Wahlang, General Secretary Morningstar Iawrod, Mawlangbna President, Assingroy Disiar, Long Kynter, Jyllep President, Tlanding K Dewsaw, General Secretary Splitly Larting, Mawkaphan Secretary President Pyrkharlang Dewsaw, President and Bording Dkhar, General Secretary Starwin Ramsiej.
Other government officials also spoke at the closing ceremony of the training.
At the same time, the residents of the PHC, Pomlum have praised the staff of Doctors, Staff Nurses and others who have tried their best to provide services according to their ability. There are many shortcomings in terms of staff (man power), technical equipment to provide assistance to the people in times of urgent need but they are ready to accept. The people even at night without counting at all just to be able to help the people in urgent need.
As a result of these steps, India has transformed into one of the strongest startup hubs and has attracted ideas and investments from all over the world.
During this visit, the Prime Minister promised to do something to curb the spread of nuit.
On this day, due to the shortage of water in various streets, there was also a heavy traffic jam around Shillong, which was more severe than the traffic jam in the Polo area.
There are 115 recoveries, 71 from East Khasi Hills, 31 from West Garo Hills, 5 from North Garo Hills, 4 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from South West Garo Hills and 1 from East Garo Hills.
Your message.
Shillong, March 14: The 31st Nehru Sub-Junior Hockey Tournament (Boys) will be held in New Delhi from 18th to 30th March. month.
The land for the construction of the Police Station was donated by Nokma and the government does not have to pay anything. On additional questions, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that the government has already prepared and is now asking for funds. from the government.
On the other hand, Bah YF Shullai PCF in charge of Territorial Affairs told SP News Agency that the investigation into the complaint has been conducted by the DFO of Jowai but no report has been received. .
“In a letter written by Marcuise N. Marak, it was stated that (Jenny G. Momin) came from a poor family, but not only from her, but from thousands of poor families.
The letter was signed by the President of the party, Gavin M Mylliem MLA and in the presence of Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA. With this merger of these two MLAs into the NPP, the PDF has lost its name from the political parties in the Legislative Assembly, which are now the NPP. , UDP, BJP, HSPDP, VPP and other members.
The faithful are requested to come to Laitumkhrah Parish for this prayer.
Through this dorbarbah, which will end on Tuesday, the aim of the Government is to open the door for farmers from across the state to share information and listen to the problems they face in agriculture. light.
ODOP-State Nodal Officer, Bah Maqbool Lyngdoh Suiam was also present on the occasion.
The office bearers of the MPMC were confirmed by the President of the MPMC, Jop Scott Shylla.
People can ask questions like General Medicine, Cardiology, Dental, Orthopedics, Psychiatry, Palliative Care, Obstetrics and Gynecology, Neurology, Urology, Oncology, Dermatology, ENT and Ophthamology.
At present, this area is so busy that the policies of the government have been shaped in such a way to promote the development of this area, but the development works have not yet been done. to affect the relationship between man and nature.
Three students from Myanmar who have been studying at this institution for three years in the fields of volunteer work, Management (BBA) and Information were also present at the ceremony. Sciences (BCA).
During the meeting, they urged the Prime Minister to find ways and means to revive the government's dewbilat plant.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister spoke to the villagers that this place will be used for the purpose of training people for other jobs which can benefit especially the farmers. region,.
In the first half, Nangkiew FC 'A' scored the first goal, but Nangkiew FC 'B' managed to turn the tide and until the end of the match these teams could not score the victory.
Sreenivasulu spoke on the various MSME development schemes designed to bring about economic growth across the country in a steady manner to combat the backwardness of the North East.
At this meeting, the government also spoke on the stone throwing of the pilot vehicles of the Governor in which one of the vehicles was damaged.
“I cannot say whether one or two will leave the party but the truth is that many have informed me that they want to join the Congress before the elections,” he said. Four leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills have expressed their willingness to contest the election from the Congress party.
Although the court has given its verdict, people who have no respect for the court have gone to destroy these houses.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the office has not sent anyone to meet the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki today.
Dr Rangad was selected from among those who had nominations.
On this occasion, Minister B Sohtun added that besides what the Syiem said, the Hima urges those who make any film related to the Hima Khyriem rituals to show it to the Hima. Before they open it to the public, they should make sure that this ceremony should not be misleading.
Those who came to take part in this event were from all ethnic groups to express their sorrow over this incident and demanded that the authorities should not take action against the killer. .
On the other hand, the Prime Minister also expressed the consequences of uranium mining, but in this regard, there is a way to prevent according to the current science. He said that they should not misunderstand that UCIL will mine uranium if the road is built. He said that there are laws to protect the land and the people. The Government will continue to convene such meetings from time to time to discuss this issue.
If the army has been given space at the Polo Ground to hold the recruitment drive, why can't the Excise Department allow the Excise Department to hold the rally at the Polo Ground? The Excise Department has also informed that they have to arrive at the office at about 3 pm so that they can reach the place to register the names of the children who come to run in this invitation. kam constableThe men's race was held on the 21st from Ietshyrwat to the Polo parking lot and the women's race started from Langkyrding to Polo. in the parking lot.
Shillong, July 05: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that the curfew has been lifted from 7 am to 12 noon in the areas under Lyndiengjri Police Station.
This group of children started from this school and with the help of the school they have reached this level, as parents do not do without expressing their gratitude to this school.
The Government of India has received donations of equipment and medicines to fight against COVID-19 since 27th June 2021 from various countries and groups.
DRM Buam, Secretary MASCOM, also delivered a speech at the closing ceremony and the meeting was conducted by HH Mohrmen.
Telinia said that if there are any meetings to attend such meetings because the death has not yet happened in their homes, or the death has already happened, if we cannot attend, it will happen. and they shall not come again.
According to sources, all the candidates who have registered in the JHADC will not be excluded from the contest of the MDC election. The matches can be canceled tomorrow morning before 3 pm.
“They have brought honor to the school, parents and Mairang in front of the entire state,” said Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The race was held as part of the celebration of the International Olympic Day, which is celebrated annually on July 23, the birthday of the International Olympic Committee in
Inside Mawsynram Village for special needs especially on bank closing days or also during bank closures for quick access to needs according to the current times, but no I don't believe or listen to this prayer about this incident.
She said that there are still many things to be done which cannot be done now.
Speaking at the briefing, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare congratulated the CRPF for starting four beds to accommodate COVID-19 patients if they are sick. It is pleasant that they will continue to increase the number of health centers in this area and this is not only for them but also for the people.
Tura, Naitung 27: The Secretary of the All India Congress Committee, Zenith Sangma, today slammed the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, saying that the Pandemic Act 1897 has clearly stated that the Pandemic Act The Government will not be subject to the Pandemic Act
I don't want an explanation but I want permission," she said.
“The conference will be opened by the President of the country, Ram Nath Kovind on 25th November.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the injured was taken to Khliehrait CHC for treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 08: A bus (AS-01NC-2524) heading from Guwahati to Mankachar overturned at Gomaijira at 2.30 pm this morning. Nine people were injured in the incident.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns and expresses its disapproval of this behavior of these two schools.
: The men and women taekwondo players from East Khasi Hills District once again won gold medals in all the Taekwondo events held at the Montfort Center in Tura at the 2024 Meghalaya Games.
On the other hand, the union alleged that it was because of these corrupt deeds that he was fired from one of the hospitals where he used to work and now his corrupt deeds have come to light.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government will look into the issues of the teachers. for the betterment of teachers.
The wife of the Chief of Army Staff, Kiran Browne, will also attend.
Please note that the child will also be tested to determine whether the disease has spread to the child.
The Government meets 100% of the gas demand for PNG (Domestic) and CNG (Transport) of the City Gas Distribution (CGD) network in the country.
At the same time, besides the church, another school in the same village has been damaged by the natural forces.
After receiving a detailed information from the intelligence agencies, the BSF conducted a search operation at the border and rescued these 93 muid who were hiding in a lawbniap near the border with the intention of They were sent to Bangladesh.
“At any time, the union will go to the office of the DC or the Labor Officers of different Block to express their protest against the improper performance of their duties. Don't hiar or accept the rights of others in the state”.
Shillong, Nailur 20: GNC President Clifford R Marak today sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma demanding the release of the GHSMC leaders. Regarding the ILP, he said that the civil society groups are now demanding from the government to implement the ILP. In Meghalaya, the question is if the government does not implement the ILP in the first place why it appointed the HLC. ILP in the state.
“The list of names approved and sent to the Advisory Board will contain people who will be prosecuted for the illegal trafficking of alcoholic beverages and this will help us to fight against the selfishness of drugs," he added.
Shillong, June 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the samples taken from those who were in close contact with a COVID-19 patient in Pomlakrai village have been received. in the Negative.
According to the Act, a committee headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be set up to look into the appointment of Election Commissioners.
The union expresses its regret over this act of this doctor against women and children without thinking.
Regarding the expenses, the government has already announced that the government will pay all the expenses for the treatment of these two injured persons and the payment will be once for all the expenses.
“This is a violation of human rights and the rights of voters, in which the insurgents have been involved in harassing and deceiving voters in these villages,” said Samla F Kharkamni, president. KSU NKHD of Ri-Bhoi District.
The committee will submit its short report to the House tomorrow.
When they wanted to come forward to express their demands, the people did not take a decision tomorrow morning, the statement concluded.
If anyone is found to have misused his power to cause loss to the state, he should be punished according to the law.
Recently, Himanta Biswa Sarma, who visited Shillong, met with Conrad Sangma for an hour to discuss the date of the meeting.
The President of the Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang welcomed the group of journalists.
Shillong, June 16: BSF troops in Chickenbari, South West Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya have conducted a thorough search operation on a tip-off that there are drug traffickers in the area.
During these nine days, the people of the state have been able to witness the tournament which has been held in the city since it hosted the South Asian Games in
The northeastern and northern states are connected by the inland waterways of the Brahmaputra (NW-2) and Barak (NW-16) and the Ganga-Bhagirathi-Hoogly river system (NW-1). Sunderbans (NW-97) via the Indo-Bangladesh Protocol (IBP).
The Indian National Calendar is the scientific explanation of the history of India and was adopted in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution by the Legislative Assembly of Parliament in
Another example of the Government's efforts to streamline procurement is the Government e Marketplace (GeM), an online procurement platform which was launched with the aim of introducing a marketplace. inclusive, orderly and transparent for consumers to purchase goods in a fair manner.
“Arrest us land owners, why arrest Kong Agnes who is only our helper,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
The party will take a decision in the coming days to announce the name.
Many trainings have been given to train engineers and other people in the community to ensure water supply to every household.
He also said that the understanding of nature is important because the earth is like a mother and it is important to respect it with love. He urged the religious leaders to spread the message. of love, peace and to preserve the environment.
In another incident, while the troops were on their way, a truck was seen passing near Baghmara and the BSF suspected that the truck was carrying shini. they fled into the forest.
Rani said that after receiving the RTI, when he asked why these vacancies could not be filled, he was told that they had not yet conducted the examination. these are the days.
The EJNC has demanded that the JHCMA should implement the new price as demanded by the JHTOA leaders, according to a statement sent by Ency Shadap Vice. Shillong, November 14: The Cabinet meeting today discussed the seven government departments which have been approved by the Minister of State for Forests, James K Sangma. cabinet.
Police have arrested two KSU leaders, Wankerlang Jyrwa and Badonkupar Nongbri from Lower Mawprem.
The demands of the pharmacists in India are that the government should not reduce the income of pharmacists too much, one of the shortage of pharmaceutical distributors is that the rule of (15) of the Drugs and Cosmetics Rule and foreign investment should not be allowed.
The Club will also hold the Inspiring Youngsters Women Football Tournament, 2017-18 in these months for the girls of South West Khasi Hills District and abroad as well.
There are 510 recoveries in the state, 191 from East Khasi Hills, 82 from Ri Bhoi and 62 from West Garo Hills. There have been 60,885 confirmed cases so far, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
At this meeting, they said that they want to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam and for this reason they will start from these 6 places out of 12 places. who has nothing to do with each other.
The older coins have their own shape and the new ones have their own shape and the only shape that changes is the 'Rupee symbol' on the coins issued after November in the year
Mairang, July 16: Khastsawphra College and Higher Secondary School, Mariang today honored the students of this school who passed the HSSLC examination in Arts Stream and Commerce. are students are the first to graduate from the institution since its establishment in 2014.
He said that the flights to the North East have increased.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Laskien Circle Samla Balawan Suchiang said that the KSU Laskien Circle is deeply concerned about the plight of the people especially in the case of illness and the delivery of agricultural products has affected the income.
However, the School Education and Literacy was taken away from me.
The area of ​​the forest is about 45 km around and the fire started on the 2nd and the call from the state government for help was on the 3rd and today the army. They started this work at seven o'clock in the morning.
He said that the police have conducted patrolling and searched the vehicles.
The Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla inaugurated the meeting in the presence of the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Therefore, all are requested to maintain their dignity when the teachers call and not to come forward twice.
While the contract was awarded to Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited, the company has transferred the contract to Badri Rai Company Limited which has been rejected by the Meghalaya government on various grounds.
Three cases are from South Garo Hills, one from West Garo Hills, one from East Khasi Hills and one from West Khasi Hills District.
The reason why the government cannot recruit them as full time teachers is that the state government relies on the salary of SSA teachers from the central government. “Their presence in the seat is not to violate the rules but to improve the education department of the state,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Police and BSF are conducting thorough investigation to find out the name and whereabouts of the injured.
I came to be clean and I will be clean,” said Kong Bindas.
There are 47 cases in East Khasi Hills, 28 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
However, there will be some rules in this regard and these rules will be very strict regarding the movement of people.
This protest is throughout the country.
The letter was signed by the President of the MCCL, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh and Pynskhem Lyngdoh, Secretary. The same letter was also sent to other officers of the MCCL. Shillong, Nailur 11: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 6 people have died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to 1,352 in West Garo Hills and 1 in Ri Bhoi.
A large meeting was held on July 3 and they decided to divide India into two parts, India and Pakistan.
Two deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to 30 people.
The FKS has sent a memorandum to the President of India, the Prime Minister and the Union Home Minister, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, reminding them of the rights of the Khasi States and especially the directives of the National Commission for Khasi Hills. Schedule Tribes.
“Of course, the people have been eager for us to hold a strong protest in EJHD after the public meeting in Khliehriat, but our strike this month is not our own action as the five parties. but it is because of the above-mentioned reasons that cannot be avoided.
Furthermore, in the year 2021-22, T.82 crore has been allocated to Meghalaya as a grant under the 15th Finance Commission for water and sanitation works of Village Authorities/PRIs. up to T.426 crore in the next five years ie until 2025-26 for these village authorities.
Police have also offered a reward of Rs 1 lakh tyngka to anyone who can provide detailed information on the IED bomb blast in Iewmawlong area. be hidden.
Hundreds of girls and boys from all over the Khasi Hills have come to take part in this annual festival.
The Prime Minister said that their presence in the government is to protect the indigenous people and for this reason he said that the government will talk to the central government even though the income tax is not within the jurisdiction. but they will try to talk about this issue.
The day was enriched by the dances of children, traditional dances of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
He said that the government has sent directives to all government departments, Dorbar Shnongs and villagers to cooperate.
There were also various 'Jan Bhagidari' programs such as people sharing their experiences with the Central Government schemes within the country.
In his speech, Brigadier PM Bali said the government has taken action and talks are underway to set up an NCC team in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills.
The classroom was constructed with the allocation of T.3 lakh from the MDC's Special Grant Assistant.
He spoke on the need for such forums in the country and to take the lead in new teaching methods such as Problem Based Teaching, Case Based Teaching and Flip Classroom Teaching.
Shillong, March 25: The President of the KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, while talking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, said that the health of the people is not affected.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Banalari Khongwar, who has contested the 2014 MDC election from Nongshken Constituency, has asked for the support of the people.
At the meeting of the Dorbar Shnong, the owners of houses and shops have decided not to allow shops to be sold to people who sell goods which the Government has declared illegal or illegal. ju die stealing alcohol in the evening.
The meeting of various departments of the Meghalaya Land and Forest Owners Association (MLFOA) from across Khasi and Jaintia Hills was held today, 3rd September 2019, at Mawlai Shillong, Shillong. which decided to support the petition sent by the MLFOA and the Federation of Khasi States to the Government and expressed its support for the leadership of the office bearers.
India's largest exporters are Bangladesh, UAE, USA and Malaysia.
Because as it is today, the words “Khasi States” appear incorrectly in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India and there is a need to clarify those Khasi States and where the boundaries of “Khasi States” end and begin. ".
Shillong, Naitung 08: The MeECL will submit its full report to the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat, who is also the Chairman of the Corporation.
Speaking to media, the Union Minister congratulated the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District for their hard work to improve the development in many areas.
Although the party has only two MLAs, it has shown its working methods for the sake of the state.
Ideas and measures to address these issues should come by ensuring that development works should reach these villages and the State Governments of Assam and Meghalaya should protect the rights of the residents. villages in the border areas.
Earlier, the Minister visited the stalls set up at the venue.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Engineer of PHE Talukdar said that the inspection has been conducted in the past few months and the report has been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs. of the central government.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today announced in the House that all schools and colleges in Meghalaya will be closed from tomorrow morning as a precautionary measure. you are sick with Coronavirus.
On behalf of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area and the farmers, a petition has been sent to the government to demand that Mawhati District should include the three constituencies of Mawhati, Umsning. bad Umroi Assembly Constituency.
The death toll has risen to
Therefore, the union requests the government to have compassion on the people especially at this time as they are facing difficulties in getting money to pay.
The Central Government has not named the troops but it is understood that the Government does not want the CrPF or the BSF if the Central Government does not send them.
In Shillong, the BJP has paid tribute to Tirot Singh by laying a wreath at the Mot in the name of Tirot Singh at the State Central Library. Other civil society organizations have laid wreaths at the Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium to pay tribute to this hero of the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a strong message to the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister after several discussions between the group and Government Ministers from the Deputy Minister. The HYC reminds that the government has promised the HYC to introduce an amendment in the current session. if this Government does not do as it has promised.
According to the records inside the hospital, he is the son of Mebi Kassar and Sar Rasmut.
Furthermore, Eapen expressed his gratitude for the insightful suggestions and explanations given by the members who participated in the conference.
Information and Public Relation, Law, Power, Taxation, Forest and Environment department.
The meeting was conducted by FKJGP Central Body Chief Organizing Secretary Khrawkupar Nongsiej and was attended by Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Senior Vice President Elton Cliff Warjri and General Secretary Eldie. N Priest.
The union also urges the KHADC not to be reluctant to send Trading License only by its Enforcement Police who do not have protective equipment, but to ask for the cooperation of the police. to invite members of the Trading License Checking Drive to accompany them during the Trading License Checking Drive to avoid such robberies and also to show the solidarity of the your nation.
Although the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, did not elaborate, he said that they will soon start cracking down on the number of iong iong smugglers.
said Aiban Swer, Assistant Soil Conservation Officer, Soil & Water Conservation Department.
The union has also provided the driver of the vehicle.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1238 and the number of recoveries so far has risen to 1035 cases and 10 deaths.
He said that as the Foundation, the land owners and tree owners are not against the government's plan to grant the recognition of Heritage Sites to the areas with tree bridges but what they are against is that the government she didn't ask the owners of the land.
There are many problems in NEHU, in many areas such as the bus, the lack of facilities inside the hostel and many others.
A case has been registered at Batholangso Police Station under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.
If the law enforcement agencies do not take action, the union will take another action against the thief.
In this meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs , the KSU asked the Minister to strengthen the security measures for the people on the border with Assam by setting up out posts within the kingdom of Nongspung and in the raid of Nongtung.
20% of the film has been shot in Mumbai, 75% in Shillong and about 5% in Guwahati.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The BJP Women's Wing today donated food and gifts to the children at Laitkor Presbyterian LP School to celebrate the 70th Independence Day of the country. it shall be in the morning.
Answering questions, Prestone said it is the duty of the parties to nominate their own candidate and bring it into the MDA. and they agreed.
Shillong, July 19: SSA teachers in Meghalaya have sent a complaint to the Union Minister of State for Education, Prakash Javadekar regarding the payment of salaries by the government. SSA teachers in this state.
According to the announcement issued today, churches, temples, Guru Dawras and other places of worship are allowed to gather up to 75% according to the space.
The first problem is in the transportation of food items where they have to change from one vehicle to another by carrying people and this has led to an increase in the price of food items in the country. region.
When asked whether the Director of DERT has extended the duration of the course for the 2013 batch and also when to pay the examination fees, TG Momin said that as it is. Until now, there has been no such order from the NIOS either orally or in writing, but what surprises the Seng is that on the notice board of the NIOS it is written All trainees of 1st and 2nd batch who fail to pay the examination fee to the Regional Center of NIOS in Guwahati through Demand Draft from 1st to 31st November this year for the examination. while the Director of DERT said there was no such thing, which shows that there may be something behind it.
Article (79) :- Therefore, if it is found that there is no rule of law governing the sker of the dulir-juban-proposal election, the Election Commission is requested to issue guidelines. in consultation with all recognized political parties in any case where guidelines have been developed for the general activities of candidates, meetings, rallies, election days, political parties, etc. .
Regarding the decision of the Supreme Court, 3635 employees have appealed to the High Court. The Cabinet has decided to recognize them as full time government employees. days of issuance of the Government Notice and these fall under the rules laid down by the Government.
The lack of economic development in the villages, the problem of discrepancies between the rules of the Government of India and the lifestyle of the indigenous people, the problem of lack of banks in each village, the problem of lack of AIN to recognize Village Authorities, and lack of preparedness of VECs and AECs in terms of Planning, implementation of schemes, and reviewing the performance of various schemes It was also pointed out that the allocation of only 4% for Administration jobs has been too low.
These measures include the Maitri program of MakeMy Trip to empower women homestay owners in the North East, the AIC-SELCO program and WEP to support self-employment in waste-free energy-related activities, and other partnerships.
The Prime Minister also wants to accelerate the plan for a carbon-free Ladakh and coastal water supply using solar and hydropower. that cor lyer.
Today when the police arrived at Antekagre village I tried to stand up but they forced me to hide inside the sanium of the repram area.
Speaking on the occasion, Lamphrang Kharbani said that as HANM, they cannot just listen, it is the responsibility of the BSF to look after the entry of Bangladeshis into India.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Residents of Nongrim Jirang, Ri Bhoi District have decided to go in search of Niangtaser in the forest known as the Niang Word Cup. World Cup matches.
Dr. Toi, as a medical doctor, has not only written this book, but there have been other books that have been published earlier and this inability to publish these books has caused The availability of Khasi books has enriched us even more.
It may be recalled that at the time of the closure of the border crossing to Bangladesh, the District Magistrate in a statement issued a statement alleged that there was illegal collection of money on the road by the Syiem of the Hima. Sohra.
Conrad has left for parts of Meghalaya to campaign for the elections and the decision of the opposition leader to contest from Tikrikilla and Songsak has led Conrad to the constituency to campaign in Mukul Sangma said that Mukul Sangma is more concerned about campaigning in the rural areas to strengthen the party. Conrad will also intensify his election campaign to strengthen the party candidates and the party. The opposition was still weaker because of the conflict between them.
The Union Minister informed the farmers about the various schemes that the Union Government has put in place to promote farming in the country and turning to Meghalaya where he visited today. He expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the fish farming scheme in the state.
Such an event will be the first in the North East and the second in India to be organized by SIAL from France.
Not only that, the monthly school fees and Smart Class for next year should be paid in advance.
The award ceremony will be held in November 2016 for the merit list holders of SSLC and HSSLC, gold medalists in Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree and other examinations of At the same time, the residents of Mawkyrwat, Ranikor and Mawsynram C&RD Block, which fall under the jurisdiction of the party.
According to the rules, officers have been appointed to register marriages in East and West Khasi Hills, as well as in East and West Jaintia Hills, in the two civil sub divisions of Mairang. and Sohra Civil Sub-Division have also appointed officers to complete this work.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Davidson Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest, said that the reason for the program is to get closer to the people, especially when there are issues that the people need. to know and to receive information.
They have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
Ningthouja Lancha from Manipur and three leaders from each state were elected as the Covenant of the Core Committee.
Earlier, they had sent a letter to the PWD (Roads) Department of the State Government to repair this road immediately but the PWD (Roads) Department has not listened to them. again in this time.
We have to work hard to strengthen this chain that gives us the song of Ri Khasi.
The world has praised India's efforts in changing people's livelihoods to fight climate change.
He said that they still need a lot of assistance to develop this tourist spot and to become an income generating opportunity for the residents.
Their visit to Meghalaya is part of their study to learn more about the North Eastern Region of India and the changing information sources from time to time.
On the occasion of the International Women's Day, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Diocese of Shillong through Zone II was the chief guest to offer the Holy Mass. Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Parish Priest of Divine Savior Parish, Rev. Augustine Kuttala, Spiritual Director of the Union of Catholic Women's Associations Zone II. “Their father gave portions to his daughters and to his brothers, as quoted from Job 42:1
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Meghalaya Cabinet today decided to increase the tax on petrol and diesel by one rupee as well as on diesel.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.C Budnah, Secretary in charge of SBTC and RBB at Pasture, said that every two seconds there are blood patients in hospitals, but those who come forward in the state to donate blood. they are only 20%.
People living alone in their homes should be monitored so that those who need to be transported to health facilities can be transported without any problems.
Shillong, March 26: The Chief Secretary, Kong RV Suchiang, Shillong, today celebrated the month of Vigilance in Government Offices at the Secretariat. in front of the office of the Secretary.
The Shlem aid will hold a meeting to discuss how to use this excess money for the benefit of the poor families in our country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: U Bah Michael Syiem, President of the Matishaphrang Movement, on Tuesday said that the election has come and all political parties are talking about clean and transparent governance. “We will look into this from the point of view of the international organizations that are willing to implement the Lokatukta Act,” he said.
On this day, from the elderly to the children, they greeted each other with a hug to express their happiness and welcomed each other with a smile.
In a petition sent to the CEM of KHADC, the SNSBH, which includes the Chiefs of Village Authorities of Ri Khasi Jaintia, has raised the issue regarding the decision of the High Court. PIL PIL No.9 of 2015 filed by Bah Tirot Singh Syiemlieh regarding the implementation of the MUDA Building Bye-Laws outside the premises of the MUDA Building Bye-Laws. Shillong Municipal.
In this regard, the union has decided to abolish the name of “Civil Hospital” while the Government has not been able to provide adequate facilities and treatment inside the public hospital. In some cases, the residents have to go to Jowai Civil Hospital for treatment which has caused problems to the residents as the road is long.
The inscriptions on the cards are to explain to the drivers to follow the rules laid down by the Ministry of Transport and Communications of the Central Government, to park their vehicles in the designated places. , and paint when they walk in the places where there is no light on the road.
He also mentioned the high cost of transportation to deliver the products to the market and the high price of the products of the farmers.
Shillong, November 09: Police have received a complaint from the Deputy Secretary J. Wanswet, in charge of the Finance Department of the State Government, that the Account Officer of the Water Resources Department has demanded money from the contractors. release your bill.
As a public leader instead of deciding for the rights of the people, he gave reasons for the opposition of some selfish people, instead of deciding to issue the NOC for the construction of the road. .
The union urges MeECL and the Minister in charge of Electricity to ensure that all those who have passed receive their appointment letters while the list is still alive.
He said that the SRT has started to take jiad from the father and this is the worst thing because by doing so it is an insult to his mother. mother.
The meeting was held on the complaint of the union that many of the indigenous patients who seek accommodation at the hospital are more difficult to get but those from outside especially from Assam do not have any problem in getting accommodation.
It is learned that the suspects had thrown a petrol bomb in a bottle and set fire to the office of the Transport Commissioner, which falls under the Madanriting Police Station.
After the death of his father, the founder of the NPP, the son of Conrad K Sangma has followed in his father's footsteps. now the same is true.
Dr. Karadu stressed the need to disseminate schemes supported by the Government such as the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana which provides insurance at affordable prices.
Ferdinand Kharkamni, Chairman of the JAC, said that after seeing the announcement of MeECL, they met on the 10th of this month at Umsning and at that meeting they decided to meet with Prestone Minister. in charge of the Ministry of Power to express its opposition.
On this occasion, Momentos, Certificates, etc. were distributed to all these students as an encouragement to them to continue to work hard and move forward in their studies.
According to a statement issued by the District President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Babul Suting, he said that as the leader, he will cooperate with Bah Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw.
Speaking to reporters, the teachers who are continuing their strike at the MBOSE office said that no news has come from the state government regarding their strike. They are still waiting for the Chief Minister to come back so that they can talk.
Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni, the Union of Senior Barbers of Santiniketan has joined hands to showcase the talents of the youth of the state who wish to work and develop themselves as skilled barbers.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Due to the heavy rainfall for the past three days, the ground has been shaken and has caused landslides in many places not only in Shillong, but around the city. the State.
Schooling: Children under 10 years of age, Children can attend Kendriya Vidyalaya or the nearest private school.
Shillong, March 12: The Dorbar of Mylliem Hima today announced that it will hold a cleanliness drive on the 21st of this month which is also Sunday.
Latest reports from the Ministry of Commerce and Industry said that the government intends to issue a notice to close the gates set by the Hima villages within the areas recognized by the government as places to stay. The factories, but at the time of issuance of the announcement, it was lost and caused misunderstanding and the factory department also withdrew it because there was a mistake.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today sent a letter to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, expressing its opposition to the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA). ) has allocated land to other states to build a residential building in front of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
The two MLAs resigned as members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today.
With the hard work of the Government, the community and various groups can also play an important role in the fight against Tuberculosis,” said the State TB Officer Dr.M. Mawrie.
Bindas Syiem has launched an indefinite strike from 12:30 pm on the 6th of this month to protest against the Government's failure to improve the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road. There is a lot of traffic for the people in coming and going, in carrying colors and especially for the sick.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah SL Syad, General Secretary of HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, said that as the leaders of various political parties in East Jaintia Hills, they always work together for the betterment of the HNYF. Ency Shadapuba, Organizing Secretary of HANM-JH, has been arrested without any reason.
Another seriously injured person was Teilang Thangkhiew, who sustained injuries to his neck and head. Other enforcement personnel who sustained injuries were Bah Banker Kharkongor, M.Thongni and P.Kharbuli.
The Prime Minister said that there is a need to improve them if information is sent to the entire region and the central government should ensure that the internet in the region will be adequate.
Minister Zubestar Kharbuki, in an interview with reporters, said that he will cooperate with all the Bakhraw Batri of the Hima and especially with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner urged the public not to have any fear or anxiety regarding the RBI's announcement that the 5000 and 10000 rupee notes will not work. I don't know anymore from today.
He said he has seen some states meet for only five or six months a year.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Governor, Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC said that as the central government has given the right to Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, so it would be good if the Khasi traditional religion should be recognized as a minority religion.
Antrolius Marak President and Shiva Deb General Secretary of the Khasi Hill Tourist Taxi Association were present. Shillong, Lber 08: The Confederation of Ribhoi People (CORP) has held a blood donation ceremony at the office of the Tourist Taxi Association. Deputy Director KK Sharma NESAC opened the blood donation drive on the 5th of this month at NESAC Umiam Unit and NESAC office. CISF Inspector YB Mangangchan and Dr C Budnah, Head of Regional Blood Bank Pasteur Institute Shillong, Meghalaya were also present.
Nehlang said the main reason for his return to politics is because the constituency where he served 40 years ago instead of growing in the last four years has declined. The people have requested to come back and reshape the constituency and the district as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep Hills District, Mawkyrwat, has confirmed its branch office.
It was also discussed at the meeting to set up a postgraduate doctorate course within NEIGRIHMS for the benefit of the entire region.
The most important thing for everyone is to fight against this disease with a strong determination.
During these two days of the meeting, the people also honored Bah Sanbor for his victory in the election for the third time from the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
This was announced in a statement by the Vice President of the Seng, Samla Ohibait Dkhar.
They expressed their deep concern over the violation of the right to land, where the authorities of the AIN violate the right to land, because there is no clear writing in the Constitution. In India.
Four candidates have filed their nominations for the post of Assistant General Secretary, James Hitler Mawphniang, Reuben A Najiar, Shelkitbok Kharbani and Eddie Malngiang.
Shillong, November 08: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Shillong today, 10 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. There are 240 people in the country.
The driver of the truck, Shafait Ali, 25, said that the fire started from the driver's seat due to the wires.
The construction started in April, 2016 and was completed in June, 2019 at a cost of T.228.53 lakh.
He said that this demand has continued until now and the JAC has met many times and submitted a letter of demand to the KHADC and has been monitoring this issue from time to time.
“This is a history that will be remembered forever in the 4th Mowkaiaw area because it is the first time that the people have donated money to the candidate,” said Nehemaya Tyngkan.
On the other hand, the BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the party expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of the former Prime Minister of India. AB Vajpayee.
They also demanded that the NRC should be implemented and 1971 should be taken as the census year since the state became a Sub State.
He said that the Government is talking nonsense and the Government does not want to take care of foreigners who enter the state.
Dheeraj's son Ritesh Sahu is the managing director while his brother Uday Shanker Prasad is the chairman of the company.
He said that at the four-day meeting held in Shillong, the Inspectors General, BSF-Region Commanders and BGB Level Border Coordination Conference (BGB) discussed the issues on the border and how to work together between the two countries to maintain peace and stability on the border.
The Chief Guest said that during his 13 months as Minister, Martin N Majaw was known and called as the Lightening Minister, because he was so quick to work that many typists were appointed to complete the letters. ten thousand a day for the people.
The Governor announced and praised the great works of the Riti Academy of Visual Arts under the leadership of Bah Raphael Warjri. Chief Minister and Father Togan Sangma.
In this regard, the KHADC has handed over to the Law Department to look into the matter and see what can be done in this regard to get clarity. more specifically.
Before the training, Bah Promeyoo explained the meaning of Yoga and the benefits of Yoga exercises for a healthy body and mind. strong thinking.
In the past, all these authorities have not been able to produce their trading licenses or verify their place of origin and we have been slow to send them back from time to time to their places of origin especially from Ladrymbai and others.
The State Government has spent more than T.23 crore for this tournament.
The DGP confirmed that one of the militants was killed in the incident but the other injured could not be confirmed as the police who were present at the scene have not returned. nothing more can be said but the incident is true.
Regarding the salary arrears which has been pending for 15 months, the employees do not want to receive only one or two months but they want to receive it all.
Members of the North East Students Union (NESO) on Tuesday joined hands to burn the Rule of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board. of School Education (MBoSE) at Lower Lachaumiere, Shillong.
He said that the Government of India's desire to bring peace and stability in the North East has prompted the Government to expedite this new arrangement, in order to meet the aspirations of the various ethnic groups. , on the Sixth Schedule, those in Assam (Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council; Karbi Autonomous Territorial Council; ) and in Meghalaya especially in Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (To fulfill the promises of the Peace Accord with the ANVC-B) in Mizoram and Tripura ADCs.
While Meghalaya is struggling to showcase its cultural heritage, such initiatives are necessary to preserve and promote the traditional heritage in the state.
Shillong, March 08: There are 121 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong today, 54 cases from West Khasi Hills and 48 cases from East Khasi Hills. There are 1326 confirmed cases so far.
The total number of cases in the country is 2353, from East Garo Hills 27, East Jaintia Hills 28, East Khasi Hills 1198, Eastern West Khasi Hills 52, North Garo Hills 60, Ri Bhoi Hills 80, South West Khasi Hills 56, West Garo Hills 519, West Jaintia Hills 84, West Khasi Hills 35.
Answering supplementary questions, the Minister said the government is preparing to increase the salaries of teachers and at present the government has spent T.182 crore on Adhoc and If the expenditure is increased to T.251 crore, for schools which have received permission from the government to open, it does not mean that only those who have received the responsibility will receive assistance from the government.
On the other hand, the HYC believes that this increase in the collection of money from the trading license is due to the issuance of the trading license.
In a statement sent by Bah Kyrmenskhem Thangkhiew, General Secretary of the Kur Seng, said that the Seng strongly condemned the authorities who dared to attack and cause injuries. The Kur strongly condemns the assault on Bah Teilang Thangkhiew who was seriously injured in the incident while he was taking the knife. part of the responsibility to protect the heritage of the country and the nation.
The meeting of the Parliamentary Board which was held today discussed many other issues to strengthen the party in the upcoming elections. The meeting was chaired by its president Dr Donkupar Roy.
On the occasion, the CEO said that in the past years, the registration of people on the electoral roll was once a year but now it will be conducted three times a year. to those who should have been entitled to be admitted as voters.
Referring to the Congress party, Dr Donkupar said, “There are two Congress parties, the Congress of Dr Mukul Sangma, the Congress of Vincent H Pala, I don't know whether there will be a Congress of Prestone. ".
On the other hand, the management of the stadium in Mariang has warned that if in the future they find any trucks that are going to sneak into the stadium of the KSA, they will seize the vehicles.
On the other hand, Bah J. Tariang, Executive Engineer, PWD Road NEC Division Khliehriat, promised to take action on this issue, so that the traffic of the people of Sumer area will be safe.
The Minister also launched the special logo of ICRISAT and a stamp for the mawer.
Other MDCs who took part in the welcome speech besides the CEM were Bah Manstudy Nongrem, Bah Herdrian Lyngdoh, Bah LG Nongsiej, Bah PT Sawkmie and many others. greet you.
Banteidor Lyngdoh was accompanied by officers of the Department of Agriculture.
The union cannot accept the government's action to promote only other teachers in the same post while others have the same promotion.
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that the party has discussed the NRC today. Prestone Tynsong of the State.
Shillong, June 30: The Principal Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, MS Rao today sent a letter to the Chairman of CMJ University, Chandra Mohan Jha. He found that this university has done many things wrong.
On the other hand, the Forest Department officials have agreed to give time to all groups including the public, private sector, District Council, to submit their comments in writing.
Shillong, Nailur 10: While the Synrai Session was in progress in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, police were surprised when the Sur residents of Mawlai went to break the dates at the gate of the Meghalaya Secretariat.
“To date, there are 250 EMRI-108 employees working across the State to provide emergency assistance to the people when they encounter any incident that requires emergency assistance.
Dr. Caleb Harris, Organizing Secretary of the meeting and Secretary of NASO, congratulated the Minister of Health for his efforts to ban the use of drugs. He said that this has helped to avoid deaths from tuberculosis.
“You just have Benami, or you just use the rights of other people but when the Trading License is issued by the Khasi there, who are those foreigners there? Your employees? Verify, is he your relative or partner or your child? You don't have to do what you have to do,” said Kong Marweiñ.
A more detailed discussion at this High Level meeting was on those who are undergoing Home Quarantine and testing after 28th June
These problems faced by the residents on this Jowai Badarpur road is one of the pillars of the state government's income which connects the states of Ssam, Mizoram and Tripura. It has become clear that the authorities in charge of this road do not have the responsibility to maintain and improve this road NH 44, which has affected the traffic of people especially pregnant women. If you go to hospital because of the bad condition of the road.
Mawkyrwat, November 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District will hold a Panel Discussion on the topic “The Sixth Scheduled, the Strength of the Nation” on the 17th November, 2016 from 10a.
The first MoU was signed between YES Bank and MSOA in the presence of Nikhil Sahni, Group President – ​​MNC Corporate Banking and Knowledge Banking. “YES Bank is pleased to partner with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
The areas of investigation are whether Bernard N Marak is the owner of the resort and whether he has received permission from the authorities to run such a resort.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The BSF School at Umpling has held an information competition as part of the celebration of its Golden Jubilee. only in this competition.
The Government's celebration of Anti-Terrorism Day today is only a celebration to fulfill the rules. There are many reasons why there is no consensus on the meaning of the word. ‘terrorism’.
New Delhi, Nailar 12: The Union Cabinet today approved the establishment of a new department to disseminate government media.
“We don't have network, we don't have electricity, we don't have water and we have informed the Prime Minister through the MLAs. come and see us," she said.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: Ka Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, a mother of Wapungskur, East Jainta Hills, today completed her charity work for the poor families of Wapungskur, East Jainta Hills. East Jaintia Hills, which has been severely affected by the curfew in India, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, ended on Friday at Dong Moopynieiñ.
When they arrived at the police station to lodge a complaint, they started shooting and even attacked the officers on duty inside the police station,” said Bah Nongtnger.
Shillong, November 15: The National Federation of New States (NFNS) today sent a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs (NFNS) after a two-day protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi. The Central Government shall not demand its own state.
Regarding the border dispute, he said the Central Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi has directed the states of the region to resolve the border dispute under the agreement of both arliang without don't have to worry.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The BSF troops on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border have once again demonstrated their hard work by arresting two Indians with Bangladesh rupees 3,40,000 lakh taka from East. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Status Quo between the two Governments should not be a threat to the people of Hynniewtrep who live on the border.
Chauhan said that the Mann Ki Baat has emerged as a force to showcase the collective powers of the people of the country; “Through the programme, various topics were discussed whether it was on strengthening sustainable economic development, measures to empower women, ways to strengthen the protest. Aatmanirbhar Bharat, the promotion of sports, key areas of the country's identity and many others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Seng Khasi Mawplang will leave for Arunachal Pradesh from the 22nd to the 24th of this month.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has gathered students to march in Shillong today as part of their support for the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. The meeting has been held for five days to force the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) to reconsider its reservation policy.
Through this conference, we celebrate our independence from the rule of law.
The residents of these two villages have written to the PWD and their leaders but nothing has happened and the residents of these two villages have to repair the road. kane to the street.
However, the decision of the Supreme Court on this issue is still pending,” Rakkam said. The court has ruled that no Job Reservation Policy and Appointment Policy should exceed 50% of the share.
Regarding the squatters, the minister declined to comment as there is still a case in the court.
Moses Chalai, Secretary NEC, expressed his satisfaction with the Center's performance.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by PDF President Banteidor Lyngdoh and Hamletson Dohling, both of whom are Ministers in the MDA government.
Regarding the requirement of Aadhaar for Government schemes and assistance, the MPCA is considering other ways and means to exempt it from the requirement of Aadhaar. Section 7 of the Aadhaar Act does not apply.
Shillong, Lber 30: The income of any state depends on the roads, especially in Meghalaya which is a state located in the hills. that road.
It is learned that the traffic jam inside Nongstoin town is due to the fact that there is no parking space, and all the vehicles coming from all over the country have to check on the NH-44 E and all the vehicles inside the town. Nongstoin Government has so far reached 1500 units.
Because the VPP party itself does not have the intention to steal the rights of anyone.
In another question raised by Jimmy D Sangma regarding the allocation of houses to the opposition MLAs, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said: The Government will look for ways and means to do this.
: Bakhlapara, Umsohbar, Warmawsaw, Bernongsai, Balakhawa, Akhonijira, Ranibari, Bilpara, Helher and Patgang.
The main reason for the loss of transformers is the use of light by the people in the villages, the lightning strike and theft of light by people to the villages and many others. they are at the forefront of the loss of transformers.
Many of these areas are in Garo Hills and especially in those districts where there are insurgent groups, such as South Garo Hills, North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills and South. West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 6: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to contest the MDC elections from seven constituencies in GHADC to be held on 12th June
Similarly, the heritage of Pa Togan Nengminza Sangma was searched, but nothing was found except for a few parts of the clothes of the Garo warriors. Arak Sangma and Sahana P Marak, who are the Chief Executive Members of the State Government and who know well about Garo culture and traditions.
The CEO of Shillong FC pts said that Shillong FC will be the leader of the state and the North East.
The passenger train from Guwahati to Mendipathar will start on 10/9/2021 and will leave Guwahati and Mendipathar the next day at 7.00 pm and arrive at Guwahati at In the morning, the same train will leave Guwahati at 5.20 pm and arrive at Mendipathar at 9.10 pm.
In the past 10 years, IDY has set four records in the Guinness Book of World Records.
The PFR Football Academy, one of the leading football training centres, has been invited to take part in the Under-15 Gold Cup National Football Championship to be held from 21st to 23rd November. 2023 in West Bengal.
Therefore, we urge the MDC government to create urgent funds to find other ways to rebuild the Umsning-Jagi Road to free the people of this area from this problem. John F Kharshiing sent a petition to the Government today.
The Director of ICAR Research Complex, Umiam, Dr. Narendra Prakash, said that the KVK should work hard to help the farmers to increase their income. court is theirs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the Delimitation Committee, Bah Starwell Kharsyiemlieh, said that the Committee has completed the public hearing and later they have been able to sit down. He said that the committee has not yet said anything on the report and details can be provided. Kharsyiemlieh said that many of the people who came to the Committee to inform the Committee wanted to get the constituencies which are closer to them.
The Amur Falcon, which came from Siberia at a distance of more than 22,000 kilometers, has brought a great blessing to these villages on the border with Assam, as these species of birds eat all the insects and insects. who devour the wheat and destroy the crops of the farmers.
Regarding this transfer, Khembhavi said that he is very happy to be able to work in the district for 551 days and he believes that this job in West Jaintia Hills District is a great opportunity. be a place where he is happy and willing to do his work.
The meeting was opened by the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat in the presence of other government officials.
The Minister of State for Food and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday directed the Commissioner & Secretary of Food Supply, Parvin Bakshi to attend the meeting. The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NMA) has threatened to stop the supply of petrol to the state on the allegation that the drivers of petrol trucks have been harassed by the authorities. Police in the State of Meghalaya.
The Legislative Assembly has passed an amendment to the MRSSA Act, 2016 and the MRSSA Bill 2020 has been sent to the Governor and the Governor has sent it to the Central Government. The bill has been sent back by the Central Government to the State Government with comments.
The incident happened at about 3.30 pm while they were on their way from Nongstoiñ on a motorcycle (AS 25 E 1324) when they reached a place. SR Chetri, 32 kilometers from Nongstoiñ, on the road from Rwiang to Langpih, blocked the road of these two men and bombed and tied them. He was seriously injured and escaped while Tengton R Sangma died later.
She said that the SMDA has held a meeting with the officers of the Geological Survey of India to ensure that it can be prevented in case of any earthquake.
She said that this is according to the analysis report of the Assistant Food Analyst of the State Government according to the report published on July 6, which said that the injection of formalin is a powerful and harmful poison. jur to your health.
The passing away of Bah Syiem has been a great loss to the journalism industry in the state and also to MEPA. MEPA sends its condolences to the family of Bah Syiem and We pray that the whole family will receive the comfort of the Lord from above in this sad incident.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya to ensure that any plantation will be clean and safe. District.
The best thing between these two cases is to forgive and understand each other by coming to peace talks so that the rule of law can run smoothly within the boundary of JHADC. Jowai, Naiwieng 09: An emergency meeting of SSA teachers from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District will be held on the 12th of this month at Yungwalieh Hall Panaliar Jowai at 10 pm.
The death toll has risen to 13, of which 11 have not yet been vaccinated. The deaths are from East Khasi Hills, 9, Ri Bhoi, 1, West Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills. 1, West Khasi Hills 1, the death toll has risen to
For this reason, today we went to check by ourselves with the weight of the books of the students of Modern Mawprem School in Lower Mawprem.
At this meeting, it was agreed to build a dorbar hall at Mawdiangdiang and it will be completed within three years.
Because of this, all information on Khadi exports is included along with other textiles.
While the health officials were on their way to conduct the test, some of the employees refused to be tested because they did not have any symptoms of the disease. of which there is no scientific evidence.
March 5 : Get ready to witness the awe-inspiring precision and power of the Indian Air Force (IAF) as they host a spectacular Air Display Show at Umiam Lake on.
The group of chiefs would like to thank him for his contributions to the future generations.
Shillong, March 24: U John Anthony Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the BJP party in Meghalaya, has sent a letter to the President of the party, Ernest Mawrie, saying that it is unpleasant to see the party. John A Lyngdoh also asked who ordered the MLAs to leave the country as they are also members of the coordination. committee, he said that if there is any problem, it should be brought to the committee for discussion.
If the National Green Tribunal (NGT) does not approve these day laborers or those who live in the fields of coal mining, we feel that it should not do so. go to the law.
Another provision is under Amendment 51(B) 52 of the Disaster Management Act 2005, according to which the punishment is that they have disrupted and failed to comply with the announcements of the Central Government and so on. the state government.
Remember, “this is our country, the country of the blood of our father and mother”.
Speaking on the G-20 summit in Osaka, the Prime Minister of India said he hopes that trade between the two countries will meet soon to discuss the benefits between these two countries.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar has met to discuss the request of the family members of Dr Sailo from the village to allow him to be buried in the garden at Nongpoh. and after discussion it was decided not to allow him to be buried in the village.
The action of the CRPF has affected not only Mawlai, but all the neighboring villages like Jaiaw, Mawprem and other villages which have to pass through these areas.
AITC Meghalaya Leader Charles Charles said on Twitter that the Central Government has restored the FCRA to the Sister MoC at the request of AITC Leader Mamata Banerjee, who is also the Chief Minister of West Indies. Bengal.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Khasi people today once again commemorated the 178th death anniversary of Tirsot Sing Syiemlieh in different parts of the country.
Other speakers expressed their own feelings regarding the curfew, but expressed one issue that there is a need to prevent the influx of foreigners into the country. the state to protect the nation.
Synrem said that according to the information received by the company, the government has awarded the supply contract to Hariana Iron Works Pvt.
At the same time, the dewbilat factories are in the same way of operating by destroying the hills, rivers and forests. There is a reason why these cement companies have been able to set up dewbilat factories in areas that are still recognized as forests. The establishment of factories in these areas which are still recognized as forest areas is only the involvement of politicians.
“The state has celebrated its 47th anniversary, but because the state has no borders, it has been made bordered by the constant presence of brothers and sisters at the borders”.
There is a shortcoming in the sports department especially that they cannot meet the needs of the children who participate in sports such as 400, 800, and 1600 meters and other events. The children, who were not adequately wearing canvas shoes, fell halfway through the race.
The Minister particularly appreciated the services provided by the center to the persons with disabilities by conducting medical treatment and training courses for the achievement of health.
The raid was conducted by the Magistrates in the presence of the Police. The raid was conducted on the 16th and 17th of this month. November 2022 where 57 illegal Coke factories were found.
The Cabinet today decided to provide financial assistance of T.3000/- each to those who have stayed abroad and this will be only for students, workers and private individuals.
Union Minister of State for Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank'; Minister of State for Education Sanjay Shamrao Dhotre, Secretary Higher Education Amit Khare; Chairman, Drafting Committee of NEP, Dr. K. Kasturirangan along with other Government officials of the Central Government Department, UGC and AICTE attended the meeting.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the OC of Khliehriat said that no one has come to Umsning to find out the truth. you are a shisha or not as you have received information.
Shillong, June 09: The Joint Action Committee of the Hima Jirang together with the residents of the Hima Jirang have protested against the alleged rule of Paiem RN Wahlang in relation to the affairs of the Hima Sima.
and this initiative of this department has greatly discouraged the people of the area.
This year, as of 31-10-2018, there have been 5.99 crore tax payments which is an increase of 54.33% compared to the previous year.
After being arrested under the leadership of Bearsingh, the body of the abductee was found in the forest of Dawagittimgre in East Garo Hills. The body was taken to Civil Hospital Williamnagar for post mortem.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today announced that the distribution of foodgrains to the elderly who are eligible for them is only for those who are below the poverty line.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rajya Sabha MP, Dr.WR Kharlukhi, while expressing his pleasure to take part in the commemoration of the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, said that as part of the Azadi celebrations Amrit Mahotsav which marks the 75th anniversary of India's independence struggle.
The VDP was founded on 13th July 1963, and the founders were Bah Tikin Parait as Chairman, Bah Cross Pyrtuh as Secretary and Bah Elbi Phawa as Secretary. the founders are now no longer on this earth but the credit goes to them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: In order for us the indigenous people of the State to understand and clarify together in one mind and to strengthen the new mindset, I would like to express the following opinion: The Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 which the State Government is preparing has nothing to do with the MYNDER activities as there is no provision in it regarding the prohibition of foreigners or State MYnder (Non- Tribal) There is very little about Mynder Ri, that is, non-Indians, where the Foreigners Act does not exist.
Shillong, November 09: The All Tamil Nadu Students' Association (ATSA) through its office bearers including Vishnuram P President, Rajarajacholan Joint Secretary, Gideon Bala Singham Treasurer and Ragu Vice President visited the township. from Tamil Nadu to meet with KSU leaders in Shillong to discuss many issues affecting the people of North East and South India.
The Prime Minister said that in the past there have been such cases where politicians have links with the insurgents.
Referring to the Wahkaji PHC, the MLA of Ranikor has not done anything but has taken the name through the initiative of the Health Department.
The highest turnout was in Mawmaram B with 96%, Kharangoi with 96.5% and Nongrikmen with 96.3%. over 96%.
These can also affect adolescent and guided children in numerous ways.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has introduced the budget for the year 2017-2 alcohol, there is also an increase in motor vehicle tax.
Those from 7th Mile, Upper Shillong will reach Mile, 3rd Mile, Lurnawbah, Rilbong Point, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo, those from Mawpat Mawpat will reach Langkyrding Mihngi, Lurnshyiap, Golflinks to Polo Lar. , Golflinks to Polo.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong said that the police have suggested that for now, this road will be one way, which is only allowed to enter from Mawlai Mawiong near STBT from Mawiong.
There was also a rap song based on the life and teachings of Swami Vivekananda.
On the other hand, he said that the Village Authorities, Raid and Hima as at present are only remote observers of the politics of India, therefore it is necessary to convey all the needs through the Dorbar Ri which does not have The Dorbar Ri belongs to all and they have the right to take part in it.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the House, said that the government should appoint officers to look after this issue so that the acceptance of this decision by the House will be successful. don't be afraid.
Health services in 7,000 villages have been affected by the ASHAs' indefinite strike which has now reached its 40th day.
Drones can also be used to survey land.
It is on this basis that the government has decided to launch the football mission.
The NGT understands the problems faced by the people of Meghalaya. The coal ban should not be banned but should be allowed to allow the people to work so that they can provide for their families. “If the honorable NGT goes ahead to ban the coal mining in Meghalaya before the people die from starvation just from the ban on coal mining.
On the other hand, the Seng has recommended that any advertised jobs should be completed within 1 year from the date of advertisement.
In these days, the health department personnel will follow up on the returnees.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor expressed his gratitude to the former and incumbent Prime Ministers, Dr Mukul Sangma and Conrad Sangma for taking the initiative to launch the scheme for the residents of Lumparing. .
Block staff are still in different villages to collect information but until now we have not been able to get a detailed count of how many houses have been affected by the cyclone. the counting is in progress.
Nongkrem, Naiwieng 03: The annual shad nongkren since ancient times has ended today amidst the festivities in which hundreds of young men and women have taken part in the festival. This religious festival is known as the “Nongkrem Festival”.
The Union has been able to explain the activities of the group in the past years even though there is a lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic. paid Longkmie Those who came to listen for the 6th edition of the 2022 edition of the theme "Shi Iing Shisem Let's Live with Christ in the Church and Society"
Police have registered a case against them and the vehicle number ML04-5835 has been seized.
Regarding this, the MJACCV government has not stopped, said that the strike will continue, said Bah Jyrwa, leader of the group. The strike will last for three days tomorrow.
Furthermore, these Khasi people do not feel sorry if they are shot by other Khasi people.
To upgrade the PHC to CHC. To repair the Laitarted to Nonglyput road which has been destroyed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC Sohiong Circle General Secretary Hamarbamut Thabah said that the HYC Sohiong Circle has demanded that the office of the SDSEO should provide the proper reasons for the dismissal. you are the king of T Nongbri.
The Government has really neglected the people of Narpuh Elaka especially those villages near Wah Lukha who benefit from the fish in this river by fishing.
The FKJGP through this statement strongly warns those who are trying to protect the authorities that the FKJGP will continue to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and the FKJGP will not suffer through such intimidation. tympanum.
“Although NH-6 is a National Highway, the government has not been able to provide many safety measures for the pedestrians as it has done in other roads. parts of India, but for the safety and security of all, although we have to go through a few inconveniences and time constraints in traveling through this road due to the presence of such people. speed-breakers, we have to fight again in order to protect precious souls.
The people of Meghalaya should be proud of these great men, on the other hand, the Governor said that he considers himself as one of the people of Meghalaya, this is not because he is a The Governor of this state but because he grew up in this state and his brother who is an MP was also born in this state and his mother and father also felt that he was you are from Meghalaya.
Others who attended the meeting were Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare, ADM, DD Syngai, EAC, YR Mawlong, EAC, Anganwadi workers, ASHAs. , students and teachers.
For this purpose, bank account details of the beneficiaries who have not completed have been collected and the bank accounts have been linked to Aadhaar.
New Delhi, Naiwieng 11: India, Myanmar and Thailand will hold the Friendship Motor Car Rally 2016 to improve roads in these parts of East Asia. end in Bangkok.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent notices to all the Hima, Sirdars and Villages. Anyone who comes to the village should inform the Rangbah Shnong, the Syiem Sordar and the police.
"He also witnessed a tragic incident of a foreigner being bombed and beaten for allegedly kidnapping children.
In these days, it has been seen that all the candidates from different parties and private candidates have tried to promote their views and promises to attract voters and get the support of the people in this regard. MP elections by conducting election campaigns in different parts of Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia.
Furthermore, for the first batch of Agniveers, the age limit will be 5 years beyond the fixed age.
Sampath Kumar, Secretary in charge of Agriculture, Meghalaya, explained what the government has to do in the field of agriculture and what the government wants to do to improve income. YK Rao, Officer in charge of NABARD, Meghalaya, said that this will be of great help to Meghalaya in increasing the production of farmers. the people of Meghalaya through banks.
On the other hand, he said he has no intention of becoming prime minister, his goal is to win the party in order to form a government after the elections in the House. the State.
Out of 60 56 constituencies , the applications of all the candidates have been reviewed and all that remains is to send the applications to the AICC under the supervision of Oscar Fernande The Election Committee of the MPCC is only responsible for checking whether the applications are sufficient or not. yet.
The union demands that once the board has prepared the report, it should be made public for the benefit of the people to know all the facts.
After the arrest of these drug users, the Seng has handed them over to the Mawkyrwat Police Station for further investigation under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
It is to be recalled that the Prime Minister's Secretary has already clarified regarding the relocation of the office of the EE of PWD Jowai North from Jowai to Shangpung.
The KSU has alleged that it is the MLA of this constituency who has failed to repair the road to Wahkaji constituency which has been promised by the KHADC to pay T.25 crore.
In Meghalaya, the program will be broadcast live at the Durbah Hall of Raj Bhavan, Shillong followed by a workshop on Viksit Bharat @ 2047 with the participation of the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan. Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
The BSF said that the value of these 50 cows has reached 10 lakh tyngka.
Police are conducting investigation into the motive behind the killing of these people in the area. At the same time, they urged the public to stay vigilant. to maintain peace and order and to enforce the rules of law.
After receiving the RTI, the HYC has met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to inquire about the increase in the number of trading license holders. On the other hand, the CEM has promised to look into this matter but nothing has been done for more than three months.
Today, the employees of MEMRIWU took part in a strike inside the ground floor of the office from 5 pm.
Shillong, July 10: U Bah Spainwell Marbaniang, 43, resident of Mawlai Umsohkrot, Shillong, has been arrested on the night of the 9th of this month. on suspicion of being a drug dealer.
“At the same time, we would like to send our congratulations to all the members of the political parties who have come forward in this struggle to demand the implementation of the ILP. Dedicated to the relatives, parents of all the members especially to those youths who have been in jail and their courage and selflessness and their arrest we hope that it will not be in vain but it will be The government will immediately implement the ILP in the state.
Shillong, July 25: The North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) has held an election to elect new office bearers for the term 2024-2
The Minister said that these oxygen plants should be operational as soon as possible.
Later, four byrni of piat intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh were seized from a nearby forest.
During this month, revenues from exports increased by 30% and revenues from domestic sales (including imports of services) increased by 17% compared to revenues from these same sources this month last year.
This decision was taken with the aim of getting another leader to strengthen the party, especially in the rural areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Meghalaya State Agricultural Produce and Livestock Facilitation Bills, 2020, which will be introduced in the Budget Session to be held on the 20th of this month. month.
The Hindi film has already been released in Guwahati and will soon be screened in other parts of the North East.
To strengthen the research field at NEIGRIHMS, a research department was established for the first time in
: The meaning is the source; it is the source of thought about humanity in society.
The Appropriation Account supports the Finance Account.
“Every time we clean we have to start realizing that we all have a role to play and let every citizen take the responsibility to ensure that we keep our surroundings clean and litter free ," he said.
Other MLAs who spoke on the occasion were Charles Pyngrope, Lahkmen Rymbui, Process T Sawkmie, Reniktone L Tongkhar, Himlalaya Shangpliang, Hamletson Dohling, bah Mayralborn King.
The NITI Ayog has supported the establishment of 40 Incubation Centers in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, he said the meeting was held in three areas, to improve the police outposts across the state, to provide training according to the present era and how to spend the funds.
Maj Gen RK Jha (Retd.) is also responsible for the welfare of the indigenous workers of this area as well as of Shillong,” said the two groups of workers. NEEPCO signed the agreement with NETWA General Secretary Bobby V. Kharlyngdoh and NWWA General Secretary Nikita Bareh.
At a public meeting organized by the NPP, the Prime Minister said that the counting of votes will be held on the 28th of this month. Also present on the occasion were State President of the party Dr WR Kharlukhi, NPP candidate Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Bah Mighter Marwein, Hundreds of people from the UDP who have joined the NPP and hundreds of people have come to listen to the Chief Minister during the election campaign.
The KSU expresses its strong condemnation of this attempt by foreigners to attack and injure and this has resulted in the injury of many people and also the loss of the precious soul of one of the members of the KSU from Sohra Circle.
Speaking to media after a meeting at Shillong Club, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that as a group of civil society organizations, they are against and do not accept the CAB 2019 which the BJP government has passed. means to make laws.
The Central Government has empowered the State Governments to implement the schemes according to their capacity and the Central Government has provided assistance in all aspects.
He said that the Pnars since ancient times have had their own customs and traditions, village governance, elaka governance, which has been evident since the time of the French rule. The struggle for independence from the British rule, in which Woh Kiang Nongbah surrendered his life to the British Government in 1862, Sambormi Lyngdoh said. The border between Meghalaya and Assam shows that many Pnar villages have moved to Assam including Labang Nangphyllud District which falls under Block-I. However, according to the Pnars, Labang Nangphyllud District is one of the 12 districts of the Nartiang district.
These days we are facing incidents of child rights violations around the world and India will not allow its children to face the consequences.
Nongrum said that they had gone to discuss with the Syiem Raid but he sent them to the Syiem of the Hima and when they went to the Syiem of the Hima he sent them to the Syiem Raid. They said that those who came today are only a few of the many who have been affected by such an act of Syiem Raid.
The JSU has condemned the Border Guard of Bangladesh for allowing foreigners to enter India illegally and for allowing Bangladeshi criminals to harass them. Amit Shah has also been written to Amit Shah to take action against the BGB troops of Bangladesh.
In this regard, the fire engines of the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene to extinguish the flames.
The Chair also aims to promote collaboration with experts around the world to bring and develop knowledge and capacity and strengthen linkages between research activities in multidisciplinary center activities and activities to develop workforce and stakeholders in this work such as those associated with the centre.
During the search, Bangladesh rupees worth 3,00,000 lakh taka and 500 bangla rupees were recovered from their bodies. I'm from India.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The residents of nine villages of Moopyut, Moosakhia, Amsalang, Madan Tyrpait, Shkenpyrsit, Moophlang and Pynthor Langtein today left for Mynkjai to express their opposition to the demolition of the niut in this bag.
He said that as a private individual, he came to the UDP now because of the great works that the MLA of the area has done for the constituency and the people.
The meeting was attended by the Village Leaders of Lower Lumparing together with the Youth and Women's Wings as part of the encouragement and encouragement.
In the 2023-24 fiscal year, about 7 lakh cases have been rejected for withdrawal as less than six months of funding has been completed.
The taxi number plate ML05-F-9
New Delhi, March 10: The Union Minister of State for Skill Development & Entrepreneurship and Electronics  and  IT Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar has held consultations with stakeholders on soon-to-be introduced Digital India Bill, a future ready legislation that aims to catalyze India's ambition of being in the leading pack of nations that would shape the future technologies.
The training will start in April and the company has set a low price so that everyone can get this benefit.
“We should not have any differences between regions or villages because Iaw Musiang is the market of all the people of Jaintia Hills and the people of Jaintia Hills. He said that the Municipal should ensure that it has the funds to introduce scientific waste management or bread making facilities in accordance with the current standards.
The Commission urges all journalists to assist the Commission in providing information to the public to refrain from taking money from candidates. MLA, the commission cannot do anything on its own without the cooperation of the people.
Most of the traders in Tura, Williamnagar, Resubelpara, Ampati and Baghmara are from Assam. they.
Shillong, July 23: In recent years, the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat has been used as a place for protests by civil society and political parties.
The District Magistrate has warned that anyone who violates the rules will be punished under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and IPC.
The search is now for all those who have had contact with this man.
For this reason, menshohnoh, menaiksuid, etc. are prohibited by the law because they cannot be proved or revealed by work because they have supernatural powers.
Furthermore, the party appeals to the Hindu community to come forward and reveal the truth and also to the NGOs to allow the government to investigate thoroughly into all these cases.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Hima Khyriem today celebrated the Nongkrem Festival.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MAWU) has staged an indefinite strike since the 7th of this month, as a sign of protest against the Government's silence on their demands. which includes an increase in salary from T.2,000 to T.5,0
In Shillong, the Ram Krishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Meghalaya, Shillong will hold a program at 10:30 am.
Vaccination helps to fight against all kinds of diseases.
Police have also conducted a thorough investigation to find out whether any people have paid money to the armed group and the police have warned that if anyone has any connection they will be arrested. and will be investigated and prosecuted under the provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.
The planting shall be done in a strict manner.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr Azad Zaman. of West Garo Hills and works for the people.
Regarding the security measures during the election, the police department has to prepare for the election and the Chief Superintendent of Police, Bah BL Buam in the rank of ADG will be in charge of this. task.
As usual in previous years, the conference was held in a hybrid format with the participation of more than 500 police officers from different parts of the country.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has elected 16 members to its Executive Committee. Shadkmen Muksor, Shri.Kwen Shylla.
As the Head of the District, he has called a special meeting on how to improve the roads in the area as the deterioration of the roads is excessive due to the traffic jam. beyond the limit of trucks.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today announced that there are 159 examination centers for SSLC students and 108 examination centers for SSLC students. in the HSSLC in the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The 10th Anniversary of the Science College Mairang was inaugurated today by Vincent H Pala MP Shillong. sun.
New Delhi, Nailur 05: U Minister of State for Skill Development, Entrepreneurship, Electronics and IT, Rajeev Chandrasekhar today spoke to media on the incidents after the meeting of the Minister of Digital Economy who was appointed in April.
On the part of the Chief Guest, he congratulated other schools in the area so that they can provide better and more accurate services in the future. The Chief Guest stressed that through the cooperation between him as a leader in a small capacity, the Managing Committee of the school, parents, students with the support of the leaders He said that it is only through the spirit of cooperation that the world can be created. He also urged the students to be respectful and knowledgeable so that they can progress in many aspects of life. yours.
When SP News Agency tried to get information from the district authorities on how many households have been affected by the cold weather, it could not be obtained as the census is ongoing. the destruction of the house.
The Chief Minister also took the figures from other countries that 85% of the cases have not been severely affected. 21 days the people were silent.
The robbers, after being in the custody of the police, took the police to the place where they killed the 9-year-old child at Laher village in West Karbi Anglong. The body of the child and the date of the murder were also seized.
The Union Home Minister today said that a 50-year-old dispute will be resolved through this social agreement.
Shillong, November 20: Police of East Jaintia Hills District today came to question Agens Kharshiing regarding the incident which happened at her residence in Sohshrieh.
Speaking on the occasion, Khrawkupar Nongsiej Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP said that the FKJGP has found that many of them in these areas do not have trading licenses and have not renewed their trading licenses. six years or two years.
On this occasion, the EC together with the Syiem said that they have discussed the matter thoroughly and have also taken a decision regarding the soh saw market that no vehicles will be allowed to park in this area. “It's less difficult,” said Mr. Ardent.
Bah Latiplang EM in charge of the Trade and Industry Department said that it is a fact that they have to put in place this measure.
The demand now is to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state to protect the people of Meghalaya from foreigners.
He said that it is not only these foreign tour operators that affect the income of the local youth but the most important thing is that these foreign companies, when they bring in tourists, Ialamphang also admitted that the tour operators from abroad like Assam are not aware of the situation. There are many tourist attractions in Meghalaya and this causes tourists to lose their lives because they lead to dangerous and unsafe tourist attractions.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The residents of Shillong this year have bought the flags of India to display in shops, houses and vehicles in preparation for the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the country. India gained independence from the British.
Even in the midst of such challenges, the party will not hesitate to oppose the railway line that will reach the border of Hynniewtrep, without adequate security measures. Therefore, the invasion of people who are not citizens of the country.
“This concern should be addressed immediately,” said Minister Duh.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of BJP from 19-Shillong South on Tuesday met with Union Minister of State for Sports Kiren Rijju in Delhi.
On the Indian side, the flag will be hoisted by Lt Gen AS Bedi, YSM, VSM, GOC Gajraj Corps on the 22nd of this month. type of Ri.
Minister of Development of North Eastern Region.
She also suggested that in the areas where there are parks, people should be given shelters. In this regard, the government has already done so in many areas where there are parks. government will look into that to ensure that they are also protected.
Referring to the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil, Prestone said that all the preparations have been completed and soon they will be able to start the improvement of the road from Shillong to Tamabil. .
The State Government has sent another letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs on 17th November 2020. The State Government has submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs on 23rd June 2021 regarding this demand. implementation of ILP in this state.
Samla Banshai expressed before him the same problems faced by the people and said that perhaps it is due to the lack of staff in the area which has been turned into a problem. so much.
In his speech, Bah Teinwell Dkhar CEM of KHADC, said that he is pleased to know that Mawphor newspaper has turned 30 years old today and this colorful publication attracts the readers, but what matters is writing that will attract people to enjoy reading.
India's G-20 presidency based on the slogan – “One World, One Family, One Future” leads this traditional belief around the world.
Regarding the attempt to overthrow the government, it is difficult because there are only a few MLAs even though they have tried twice.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The ASHAs in the state have been treated not only by the government but also by the village authorities. that three.
The ksew recovered a box of suspected drugs.
Since 2015, 2016, 2017, the party has conveyed these issues to the foreign government. In February 2022, we met with Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister I/C C&RD Department to convey these issues. these problems.
The uranium mining in Mawthabah shows that AMD has gone beyond the government and the District Council and shows that it does not respect these two authorities of the state. in the darkness that we cannot understand the truth.
He said that the search for the missing persons is ongoing despite the bad weather. The cause of the landslide is that the area is covered with earth.
The year was launched by CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat and she also read out the rules of procedure for Waheh Shnongs and urged not to ignore these rules.
Perhaps, there may be others that do not need the right character according to the tone and that will not end if it is rebuilt.
In a statement sent by the civil society organizations from South Garo Hills, they strongly condemned the shooting death of innocent people by the insurgents. The leaders of all the civil society organizations will hold a rally on the 5th of this month at Baghmara at 11.00 pm.
Other blocks are Jirang C&RD Block and Umling C&RD Block.
I will remain with the Congress and I will contest (the election from the Congress and you will support me to win again this time,” said Bah Pala.
The chief guest at this event, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of the poet Soso Tham in those years when the society was still in the throes of during the rule of the Foreign Government and at the beginning of the development of Khasi literature.
On the other hand, Bah Comingone Ymbon said that he had no knowledge of this from the beginning and also since he took office as Minister of the State Government, but he promised that he shall take care of this part without delay or delay according to the demand.
In a statement, Bah Nongtraw said that there are many reasons why the party has called for the curfew on that day.
Shillong, July 10: The Indigenous Biodiversity & Social Welfare Organization (IBSWO) will hold a public meeting at Madan Tirot, Mission Mairang on Friday, July to the Wah Khri to the Government of Assam.
The preparations for the National Games will last for three years.
While the investigation is ongoing, I cannot say whom we leave to the discretion of the police department.
He thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modiuba for his insight and leadership spirit for the major step forward in technology which has led India to play a major role in the world.
“If the Shillong Cantonment Board does not do anything, we will meet the Government to take action on this because these people will pose a threat to our state,” he said. We entered this place, as soon as we saw us, those who used to sell drugs fled from this place.
He left the house after being checked by the DGP of Punjab Police.
The meeting was held at the State Food Testing Laboratory, Pasteur Hill, Shillong. Dr. Joram Beda, Commissioner of Food Safety, was the chief guest.
These meetings were followed by traditional programs related to the rights of the country, especially in the North East.
To promote tourism, the state government has implemented many schemes.
About 100 soldiers from the Assam Riffle have voluntarily come forward for medical examination to take their blood if they are eligible for this purpose. you can't give snam.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne MLA of Sohra, while moving a cut motion on the request for more funds from the state government, said that the The government should set up a 100 bed hospital in Sohra.
They were taken to Sardar Police Station Shillong for medical examination. From there they were taken back to Sardar Police Station. They signed a personal bond at 10:00 pm and no case was registered against them and they were taken back to the party office in Mawlai Nongkwar this evening.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: The citizens of Meghalaya who have the right to vote tomorrow will elect two MPs to the Lok Sabha, one from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat and one from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat. to 2-Tura Parliamentary Seat.
On the part of Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, EKHD and Kong R. Iangrai, Chairperson of the HMC, they acknowledged that there should be no such collection and if it is to be collected, it should be issued with proper receipts. so that it will be of assistance for the needs of the market.
The disease is said to not affect humans.
On this occasion, the Governor also spoke to all the government departments on the work of various government departments and congratulated the people of the state who have come to take part in the upcoming elections. 86.69% of the participants participated.
Shillong, July 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced via Twitter at 11.24 AM that a person from Maharashtra has tested positive for COVID-1
The ban on the internet has not only affected the people in many ways, but is also against the fundamental rights of the citizens of India as enshrined in the Constitution. The Constitution of the country, which gives its citizens the right to freedom of expression and expression through any means.
This was announced by the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State, in an interview with the media on Friday.
Answering a question whether the summons by the National Investigation Agency will affect the peace talks, the Prime Minister said it will not affect the peace talks and the peace talks will go smoothly.
Babu Gardon Bareh received the award for writing an Ease and that Ease and that is the “Jingphah school in the present” because he was a member of KAS I remember well, there are two organizations that remember KAS and KJWA and their work is very good.
Shillong, March 03: U Dr. BD Mishra will be sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya today. He is also the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Union Minister assured the Prime Minister that he would look into these proposals.
It is like being compared to small animals that are caught by big animals in the forest; and it is as if the small fish were thrown into the big fish in the river or in the pond.
In a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang President of the Sengkmie, he said that the Sengkmie is pleased and congratulates the meeting convened by Pyniaid together with the EMs. The Syiem, Ministers and members of the Hill Farmers Union confirmed the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
During the raid, up to 40 drug traffickers were arrested along with drugs packed in paper and golden tins.
He added that after this, Modiji has visited the North East more than 50 times in the last 10 years and has made clear the government's special priorities for the country as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 09: The International Women's Day (ICAR) has been celebrated at Umiam Ri Bhoi District on the occasion of the International Women's Day.
Shillong, Lber 17: Answering a question by Balajied Kupar Synrem, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the preparations for the construction of the Umiam Bridge in Shella are in progress. Through the World Bank.
Shillong, July 11: The Governor's Residence in Tura is one of the projects that the government will inaugurate during the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State. I will not be able to play soon.
Shillong, March 24: Seven persons were injured when a Bolero pick up collided with a truck at Nongkasen village in West Khasi Hills District. The incident occurred on the 23rd at 7.30 pm.
At this meeting, the KSU decided to work hard to revive the soskular of the Instrument of Accession and also to demand from the Government of India to take action against the issues. within this social.
The union also demanded that the police department should set up a phone number to help women and children who can work 24 hours a day. thombor do not inform immediately.
How can we learn to be clean not only in schools but also at home, in the market, on the streets and be an example to others by helping people to learn how to be clean in all aspects as we have done. the Government of India.
The storm and cold came suddenly at 2 pm and lasted for about half an hour, causing damage to houses and crops.
The BJP Meghalaya has appointed workers in the state to go to every household in the districts of the state to seek information from the beneficiaries.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting at the Secretariat, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that before there were doctors and medical schools, people knew about this. This method of treatment has been used since ancient times.
Shillong, July 27: Members of the Border Area Mawhati today held a meeting with journalists on the issue of Bye-pass and existing bye-pass.
Last Saturday, the residents of the village under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bose Swell Khongthohrem, came out to remove the stones from the bridge. from the fig tree, that they may be food for the branches of this tree.
The BSF team was led by KK Sharma, IPS, Director General, Border Security Force.
The Union therefore invites and urges them to come and take this as an information for the residents of Tyrna, Tyrna, Lumsohphie, Mawshamok and Nongthymma Districts.
