The Governor of Meghalaya has taken action after seeing reports in the media that two persons have died in the North East. who died in Gurugram.
No one was injured in the incident but property damage was reported.
At this annual ceremony, it was clear that as of now, the kingdom is in peace and there will be no danger to the children of the thousands.
This includes the government-supported schools, the improvement of the supported schools and how to improve the quality of colleges and schools. to ensure that the deterioration of salaries will be comparable to that of government teachers.
According to the census conducted by NEHU, 117 students have completed their PhD studies, 80 students have graduated today and 80 students have graduated from PhD. the 37 others were honored even though they were not.
This is what has made us think and I want to make it clear to our Khasi girls that they should not be those Khasi girls to wear the jaiñkyrshah because the Khasi jaiñkyrshah is a jaiñkyrshah of dignity. kakor and is one of the richness of culture in dress and grooming.
These laws are in accordance with sub-clauses (2) & (3) of the Constitution of India and these provisions of Article
The new IG took over the post in June.
Thomas Sangma won the MLA from 50-North Tura Constituency in 2018 and now in 2023 from the NPP.
to urge the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India, to take the necessary action as directed by the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Government of India. Affairs, Government of India to do whatever is necessary to ensure the implementation of the commitments and agreements as signed in the IOA & AA 17 August
However, KHADC does not have an Executive Committee, only one CEM, and as it appeared in the media, the MDCs with CEM Bah Latiplang Kharkongor have only 12 members except the Chairman. , while the UDA has admitted that there are 16 MDCs with the support of MDCs from Nongshken and Mairang constituencies.
The Cheetah Project Steering Committee is monitoring the project and has expressed its satisfaction with the implementation so far.
VPP MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang said that the party has received a letter from the State Government on Tuesday at about 11 pm. Ardent was appointed as a member of the Committee to discuss the Reservation Roster System headed by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson.
“I don't see such an intention from the MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party to leave the party because they are all united,” he said.
Shillong, March 11: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle, Assam through Dr Samujjal Bhattacharjee, Chairman of the North East Students' Organization (NESO), Assam, have demanded that the Assam government should impose a It will recognize the Khasi in the state as ethnic groups who do not fall under the Autonomous District Councils in the whole of Assam.
Shillong, July 26: Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC of Shella Constituency under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed away today after a long illness. of the constituency.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Working Group-3, and Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs, said that they will take up these suggestions of all the Sordars, Rangbah Shnong, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Village Employment Council (VEC) and Area Employment Council (AEC) to send if any suggestions on how to improve and improve the practices. implementation of C&RD schemes, in writing through their BDOs or directly to Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, before the end of February to assist the State Planning Board in preparing an appropriate report to the Government of Meghalaya.
He said he wanted to clarify the statement made by the Deputy CM Prestone Tynsong that Adelbert did not read the OM properly. CM has misled the youth of the State.
Referring to the MLAs, the COMSO leader said that they should not only accept the decision in the House to demand ILP but they should go together with all 60 MLAs to Delhi to express their support. They also demanded the ILP, but as it is now, they have listened.
The funeral service will be held at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral at 1.30 pm.
The nine foreigners were coming from Assam in a Tata Mobile number AS11-EC-0412 with the inscription 'ON PWD Duty'
Kong Pyrngap is a skilled worker and ready to help when there is any problem in the community.
In order to implement this mission, he urged the HFU to cooperate with the government.
They protect our freedom by ensuring food and nutrition for our children.
We don't know why the government has neglected this road so much.
Referring to the ownership of the land, the Chief Minister said that the High Level Committee (HLC) has directed everyone to verify the ownership of the land but no one has come. You don't have the right to Them Motor to submit any written statement even if you have been asked to do so many times.
And this has created many problems among us Sengbhalng.
The nine weight bridges which have not paid the annual license fee are Majai East Khasi Hills without paying T.1,66,45,885/-, Umling Ri Bhoi without paying T.43/-; 33,334/-, Umling Ri Bhoi without payment of T.81,66,667/-, Killing Ri Bhoi without payment of T.13,00,000/-, 8 Miles, Phramer West Jaintia Hills without payment of T. 72,000/- , Borsora T.53,15,001/- and Bagli unpaid T.1,76,22,019/-.
It is also the collaboration of various groups and some people of the country who have the spirit to work together in this work.
, click here , Home (Civil Defense and Home Guard) Department, Printing and stationery Department, Secretariat Administration  Department.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma will inaugurate the new Administrative Unit.
There are 417 recoveries today, the highest number of recoveries from East Khasi Hills District with 170 cases, bringing the total number of recoveries to 48380 so far.
Instead of giving protection, they create confusion.
The MPCA has also extended the deadline for linking mobile numbers, bank accounts and other government benefit schemes (which have about 100 schemes) to October 31,
The 4th Asia Pacific Choir Games 2017 was organized by Sri Lanka to promote the identity of the people in their culture. ha these days.
Shillong, July 2 : The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, has convened a meeting with the political parties of the district. beef sellers, pig sellers and also the veterinarians of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to discuss this issue.
When asked why the Committee did not go to Nongbah Jynrin, Bah SK Sunn said that the Committee has divided into two groups, one group to meet with the people at Wahkaji while the other group. to visit Nongbah Jynrin together with AMD officials to inspect the situation and to conduct an inspection.
Benefits of T 6,000/- per annum in three installments every four months have reached the bank accounts of farmers' households across the country through the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) system.
As the GVK Company pays the salaries of its employees at its own discretion, from now on the government should ensure that the benefits should be for the people of the state.
“We also propose to the State Government and the Government of India to hold a referendum to understand the voice of the people in the Khasi States including the Sirdarships and Dolloiships”.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.DRL Nonglait congratulated and praised this man who has made a great contribution to the field of literature in the Khasi language and hoped that he will He will continue to publish more and more writings which will be of benefit to the Jaitbynriew.
At this meeting, the Seng leaders sought the opinion and clarification of the Director on the 14 children whose names have appeared on the list, of which 3 are foreigners, 4 are Khasi and 7 are Garo. and also on the Schedule Caste and OT which the 3 foreign students have received.
In the third category, Sanikawan Challam of QC Springside English Secondary School, Jowai scored 551 marks.
Regarding the four constituencies, North Shillong, South Shillong, Pynthorumkhrah and Raliang, the party is still waiting as there is no candidate yet. Congress.
When you ask for the Entry and Exit point, it ends the same way.
If we buy from the villages and states, the economy in the rural areas will grow, and this will also promote small entrepreneurs.
The BDO also directed the residents to temporarily shelter in schools and dorbar halls in the village to avoid the rain and wind while the Government is preparing relief measures.
The groups selected from the state to take part in this festival are Bah Dajied Sing Kharkongor and his group, his disciples Kong Silbi Passah and the Aroha Choir.
The requirement for the completion of this house is about T.1.74 crore, the shortage of funds is that the EC in the fiscal year 2011-2012 has received only T.1 crore and the 13th Finance Commission has received only T.2 crore. , but the 13FC has ended and what remains now is for the EC to take measures, not only that but the EC has seen that there will be an increase in the price even if Bah DG Marbaniang who implements this work does not you haven't said anything yet.
SC Sadhu IAS has been re-appointed as Secretary, Rural Development, Fisheries, Animal Husbandry, Water and River Conservation, and Director, Rural Development.
The Government has allocated ₹45,864 crore to CGST and ₹37,959 crore to SGST from IGST. for CGST and ₹85,371 crore for SGST. Revenue collections in June 2023 are 12% higher than GST revenues collected in the same month last year.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: UDP Chief Executive Member Titosstarwell Chyne, Balajied Synrem MLA and Teinwell Dkhar of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Hek urged the government to set up Corona treatment centers in Sohra and Ichamati CHC. In the letter, they wrote that as of now, the number of cases of COVID-19 has increased in Sohra and Shella. request the government not to set up COVID-19 treatment centers in the area.
The march started from Malki Square to Civil Hospital Shillong to Barik and returned to Malki Square.
It may be recalled that Bah Constantine Lyngdoh worked as a teacher at St Francis Xavier School Mawsynram before entering politics.
At the same time, they demanded that the government should pay them their travel expenses as they have to walk and leave every day, said Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, the flag was also raised for the public display of old vehicles as part of the preparations for the voting of the elderly, the disabled, the participation of women, the transparent voting. cleanliness of the youth.
The Minister said the central government will allocate up to T.75,000 tyngka only for those households who fall below the poverty line.
This change will be of great benefit to the Jaidbynriew in that it will not only be a tribute to the great woman of the Jaidbynriew but will also be a source of inspiration for the present generation to learn more about Phan Nonglait. .
They also met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, where Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem Khyrim has donated Rs. 10 lakh on behalf of the Hima Khyrim to the Chief Ministers Relief Fund (CMRF). .
We did not go by force and we invited the security incharge to discuss not to do politics at NEHU through these celebrations,” he said.
He urged the sports associations to expand and conduct awareness programs or games across the state to develop special skills and that the government will continue to support as much as possible in helping.
The union came to meet the General Manager of the office who gave many reasons for the absence of names of Khasi and Garo youth.
This is a major problem that the residents face every day.
He said that as soon as the HSPDP won the MDC outside the PDF, it went to support suddenly this was to stop him but they failed to do this.
New Delhi, July 05: Speaking at a meeting of Chief Ministers of India on the issue of peace and stability in the country, the Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh, said that the The peace and stability situation in the North East of India remains volatile.
Opening of Containment Zones, Micro Containment Zones to eradicate the spread of the disease.
These importers from Bangladesh have now informed the exporters of Meghalaya about the problems and shortage of coal from Meghalaya, India.
After the illness, the body of Bah Kalwing was taken to.
On 21/8/2023, the suspect parked his vehicle at Dosti Hotel in Ladrymbai at 3.00 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The National People's Party (NPP) MP in the Legislative Assembly of India, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the party will take up the bill in the Legislative Assembly. India, Parliament and also within the Legislative Assembly of the state, he said.
He said that some AITC members have given their support to the Congress candidate.
Applicants are required to deposit a Security Deposit of Five Thousand (5000/-). Applicants must be literate. the village to act as ration distributors.
The MPCC believes that such persons whose involvement in violence has been proved by the law enforcement agencies should be punished according to the law.
The teachers also appealed to the parents to allow them, because if the government cannot provide for them, they cannot raise their children.
At the same time, the JSU is surprised that Dr. Mukul Sangma was the leader during his speech in front of the students at the convention. Is this different from what they call the Crocodile's Tear? You the people will think and judge as the indigenous people who have responsibility for the heritage of our country and nation.
Three deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills, 1 from West Khasi Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
The Prime Minister said that the production factories and the cleanliness of food and beverages are very important and they should be able to attract the wealthy customers. They will look at the opportunities in agriculture, fruits and vegetables, as well as in the field of tourism and develop their own businesses.
He himself worked tirelessly to get the approval of the Hima.
A total of 42 police chiefs from West Bengal, including those from West Bengal, have arrived.
On the other hand, the ANVC(B) said that the government has not done anything to bring peace in Garo Hills. anything to do to arrest fellow members of the party because the party does not want to see that members carry weapons again.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kutbah, said that they have received information from the central government that they are now preparing to remove those Aadhaar cards which are not used.
Two HP laptops and chargers, a Safari trolley bag, a Micromax mobile, a Phillips trimmer with charger, a blue pants, white shirt and Addidas shoes were also seized. Police have seized all these items from Laitumkhrah.
In the case of the North Eastern States, the allocation is in the ratio of 90% from the Central Government and 10% from the State Governments.
However, it is wrong because Bah Process T Sawkmie is not a member of the UDP but he has been given the power to leave the party workers. respect.
Referring to the statement by Bah PN Syiem that training should be given to the chief executives on this issue, the CEM said that the EC will look into doing what is necessary.
The 10-day program was inaugurated by the Director of NEIGRIHMS on the 1st June who led the swearing-in ceremony of Swachhta to all the participants and said that the cleanliness of the garbage is the responsibility of the students. responsibility of each person.
Even though Bah Raphael Warjri was a young boy, this tragic incident prompted him to investigate the exact appearance of Tirot Sing Syiem.
On this occasion, the elders of the village and the youth of the village were present to witness the commemoration of the day when the village received the Dorbar Hall.
The Government will award the contract to the highest bidder so that the Government will get more benefits.
Tura, Naitung 30: A 13-member delegation of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) led by President Nikman Ch Marak and former Dy CEM Augustine Marak will leave Tura tomorrow. today to leave for Delhi to submit a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for the demand for Garoland.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The talks between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma were held at the State Quest House in Khanapara in the presence of ministers and government officials. that and state.
The hearing lasted about an hour and after the hearing he was taken away by the police and was not allowed to speak to the media. The victim was taken to the police station.
Lots of people sleep with it setting an alarm so they can be notified about how your game is going.
The state needs many educated and intelligent youth so that the benefits will come to the families, villages and the state as a whole.
Before the distribution of these food items to these families, the Chairman of the Dong, Bah Cheerful Ryngkhlem, gave a welcome speech and thanksgiving speech, followed by a short prayer by the Tynman Basan, Bah Shatbha Without.
The state government is ready to take action for the teachers to pay their salaries before the 31st of this month. for this purpose and the government will look into it after this budget session.
“The purpose of the union to inform the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council is to urge the Council as a whole to think carefully and not to issue NoC to the NFR which should look after this project.
Six people have died of the disease today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
The Chief Minister announced that the Government of Meghalaya has taken steps to improve the working methods in sports and youth development in the state by approving and announcing the first Sport Policy in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Border Security Force (BSF) has conducted a special training for youths from the border with Bangladesh to enable them to join the BSF. The training started on the 22nd of June and will end on the 21st of this month.
The State Government is requested to urge the Government of India to cancel the UCIL Development Project and to demand from the Government of India another road construction scheme without the UCIL scheme. against from the beginning we continue to oppose because this is a threat to a special minority.
The newspaper said that it is only the current EC that has the responsibility to curb the illegal trade of mynder which is also to protect the indigenous people from earning their living. .
He expressed the hope that in the future Sangrahalayakan will become a hub that attracts tourists to Delhi from India and around the world.
Police recovered 4.08 grams of heroin, 134 small plastic containers, three injection needles and a mobile phone from Jimben's house. camp and police in Tura.
In the petition, the SSSS has estimated that there are 40 villages in the area and they are Wahkaji, Myriem, Awro, Umdohlun, Mawkhalitngap, Mawpat, Brithawsoh, Ngundilang and Nongthymmai. -Langjaud, Mawthabah, Domiasiat, Nongmelang, Nongmawpra, Mawjarain, Nongmluh.
Shillong, July 16: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, today addressed a meeting held at Mawphlang, Meghalaya.
The JSU has strongly opposed this public hearing in Brishynot last year, where its leaders and members took to the streets together with various civil society groups as well as the residents of Brishynot. Narpuh Elaka to prevent the government authorities from holding a public hearing scheduled to be held on 19th September
As you know, Bangladesh is a country with a severe shortage of health care.
D, and also to honor the elders of the Kur who have reached the age of 85 years.
At the meeting of the Boundary Committee, it was clear that the KHADC stands on the basis of the boundaries of the Khasi Hills. the state government.
Lieutenant General KM Cariappa took over as Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army from General Francis Bucher, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army on 15th July
Police have registered a case on the incident and will conduct a thorough investigation.
The meeting of the Saw Seng on 4th October 2020 has strongly condemned this incident as the group of Sengbhalang has been holding public meetings in different parts of the state for four months. On the 28th June 2020, the authorities have decided to use force to explain to the public the need for the ILP and also to strongly oppose the CAA. but we are the owners of the land in our own land.
“According to the rules, distribution of rice and food items is allowed.
Angela Dkhar.
Making boundaries is not an easy task.
On this day, instead of holding a celebration, they held a special prayer for the souls of the deceased.
At present, the whole reason is because there are no strict laws.
Regarding the Block, the land for the construction of the office has already been allocated for the benefit of the people. The HSPDP Jaintia Hills wants to see that the government will implement this. The Block has already been opened to the public and the people were delighted at the opening ceremony.
The construction of this road has been handed over to M/s Marwein Construction and according to the documents, the work has started since January 2018 and should be completed in June It should have been completed by June 2024 but as of now, the contractor has not been able to implement it and we can say that there is no responsibility on his part.
These equipments were handed over by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew at a meeting held at the Governing Board of the Hospital in the presence of Medical Superintendent Dr. R. Nongrum, incharge Labor Room Sr.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Lympung Women's Wing (WWW) today met with Bah PN Syiem Deputy CEM of KHADC to congratulate the KHADC for introducing the Bill to Amend the KHAD (Administration of Elaka) Act. , 1991, this Bill shall allow two women to serve in the Executive Dorbar of the Village Council.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Governor stressed the need to train ourselves to lead a healthy lifestyle to prevent diabetes which is one of the causes of diabetes. which can blind a person.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister also spoke to the students of this school where they expressed their happiness to see that the school building has turned into a street house.
There are 15 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills.
Kharbani said that in the public service there are those who leave and there are those who enter. The party today sworn in Bah Cyprian Dkhar as the General Secretary of the party. of the organization.
NEIGRIHMS has provided services in the field of tele-evidence (which has helped the country not only in terms of cost of services where doctors travel around the country to get detailed information, but also to ensure also that the absence of medical personnel will not affect the work and the patients when they go for information.
“When we arrived at this place, we talked to the MeECL officers in charge of the Vigilance Cell and we found that these people have been there since morning to cut the wires that supply electricity to this place. place.
On the other hand, the teachers still want to meet with the Prime Minister or the Minister in charge of Education in the state.
On this occasion, with the encouragement of the people, Bah Syiem has decided to stand as an independent candidate.
In this regard, the Central Government has informed the Tamil Nadu Government that the intention of the State Government to release the killers of the former Prime Minister is illegal and you shouldn't.
Jowai, November 01: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today arrived in Jowai to renew the office bearers of the West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District. The meeting was held at Infinity Hall, Jowai.
These arrests are part of the BSF's efforts to curb robbery and smuggling along the border.
He said this while speaking as the Chief Guest at the awarding ceremony of the Mawkynrew Constituency Academic Excellence Award, The 1st Division of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations have been released recently in the past few months.
All that remains is for the KHADC and Hima Maharam to open a Hima office in Shillong.
Besides, there will also be dance, singing and music festivals and other entertainment activities with the aim of developing the talents of the youth in the Kur Warjri.
This is the road which the people have wanted the government to improve and it is in this MDA government that the work has started and this road will benefit the people of this area as a whole and will improve the country. trade within the region.
The Prime Minister asked how the VR training helps them to understand the objectives in a broader way.
The members of the Forum include Secretaries from various Ministries of the Government of India, Chief Secretaries of all the five North Eastern States as well as senior government officials and experts from various fields.
Later, the party members awarded prizes to the students who came forward from class I-X (SSLC), prizes were awarded to I-VII Bag School, certificate and class. VIII-X with dictionaries, 6 copies, covers and certificates each.
The registration for those who wish to contest the election will be on 21-11-2016, and the deadline for registration will be on 28-11-2016 before 3 pm.
To assist the youth to receive proper education in schools and colleges and to organize training in schools and colleges from time to time so that the youth can understand and avoid these to be dressed in the shrip of marriage at an early age and to avoid violating the laws of marriage.
All political parties will once again be allowed to express their views on the Reservation Policy.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday said it has no objection to the Governor's speech in the Legislative Assembly in Hindi.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The construction of the road from Kynton Laimer to Nongpuir which passes through Nongumlong village has been suspended.
With more than 60 speakers from different countries, the conference is expected to bring forward discussions and suggestions that will contribute to the preparation of the “Meghalaya Manifesto,” a policy framework for the nature-based solutions to combat climate change.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the collapse of the Dome shows the inability of the government to work. Only.
At such a moment we don't have any other words, but let us put together in our prayers that the Lord God will strengthen, cover and restore the sorrows of a family that has experienced such incidents.
On the other hand, the DC felt that this act would bring danger to the community and the danger would also threaten the people and disrupt the peace and order.
Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that the skull was found on 22nd June and immediately an investigation is underway. body bags in the area.
Tura, June 17: A cadre of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today escaped from Tura Civil Hospital despite police search.
The Minister said that this figure is since the opening of the entry and exit points in the state in November 2020. In November 2020, 5551 people have registered. in July 2021 there were 9558 cases, in June 2021 there were 9664 cases and in October till the 4th there were 1350 cases.
It takes less than 200 days for 10,000 new start-ups to join this recent system.
This holiday is in celebration of Sib Singh Syiem Day.
It is designed to equip the future workforce with the skillset, mindset and tools needed in a rapidly evolving green economy.
Shillong, November 12: Police Bazar and Iewduh, two largest markets in Meghalaya, have suddenly collapsed this afternoon. Umsohsun road where a vehicle was set on fire by unidentified persons.
In response to a question raised by Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati, the CEM of KHADC said that they have already written to the governments of Assam and Meghalaya to stop the construction on the land. of KHADC, especially the transit camp at Khanapara.
Therefore, if this happens, the whole Jaitbynriew will be prepared to expel those who have come to settle within the border of Bri Hynniewtrep.
#NewJammuKashmir”.
Kejriwal's arrest came just a day after BRS leader K. Kavitha was taken to the police station for questioning on the Liquor Policy Case. he has been named as a suspect in the case.
On the other hand, Sr L Warbah, Principal of Dr HG Robert Hospital College of Nursing, said that the hospital has been dreaming of having Home Care Services for many years and this year. that now they have been able to achieve the goals of the Hospital.
He was a man who respected everyone and had a personality that impressed people with his ability to speak Danda.
The program will be launched by the Prime Minister on July 7,
In connection with this, the special police and the bombs have gone from Shillong to the scene to investigate the type of bomb that exploded at the scene. water bomb.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Police today arrested 20 leaders of HANM while they were holding a meeting at the president's residence in Mawdiangdiang.
Nilay Sankar, Razedul Ali and Revel Born Star Snaitang won in the 65 kg category.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Telinia Thangkhiew today announced that Bah Teinwell Dkhar has won the election as the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after receiving 17 votes from Hedrian Lyngdoh. He received 10 votes, while Bah Pynshnginalang Syiem and Kong Grace did not turn up to vote.
Shillong, November 03: Hundreds of people turned up at Congress Bhavan to resign from the party as members of the Youth League of Meghalaya. Sohtun General Secretary of the MPYC. The resignation letter was handed over by Bah Fernandes to the General Secretary of the MPYC. The Congress Bhavan has been attended by 10 constituents.
Most of those who came for treatment were 250 school children and others were mothers.
The union cannot help but express its gratitude because for years they have been working on this issue until they have received from the DC to inform that the illegally built church on government land has been demolished.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell on Tuesday sent a letter to the Regional Director of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) as part of its efforts to explain to the public. on the initiative of the Central Government especially for those people who have temporarily dropped out of education due to lack of resources and also for other reasons.
Prestone directed and reminded the residents and especially the COVID-19 Management Committee to follow the guidelines issued by the government.
It was in 1901 that it was renamed the Seng Khasi.
Synrem said that after receiving a complaint from the people who walk and stand in this area, they cannot tolerate the snow. and these things were left all the day long.
The NPP has already announced all its candidates from 58 constituencies, while from 19-Shillong South and Mairang the party has understood that it will not contest the MLA elections.
Bringing about sanitation is not just a matter of people's change of mind.
Shillong, June 16: The People Democratic Forum (PDF) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to submit a report on the investigation into the allegation that There is a case of misuse of funds of the Council from the Professional Tax which will be brought before the House starting on the 20th of this month.
Police on receiving a tip have arrested the suspect at Nongthymai Bridge and searched the Scotty he was driving and seized 16 boxes of soap and recovered 217.19 rupees. 10 grams of heroin.
This festival will continue to improve the district as a whole.
Nongsiang said it is surprising that the government ministers cannot talk to them and send them to talk to the officers but the party accepts this. The party has not yet concluded their protest, but has temporarily suspended it.
On the part of the Chief Minister, on behalf of the people of the state, he congratulated the Ministry of Trade and Industry of the Union Government for recognizing the work of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: U Ram Nath Kovind has arrived in Shillong for the first time as President of India.
Shillong, March 11: The Khasi Youth Association Mawkhar, as part of the celebration of the Khasi National Day, today held a spelling competition in the Khasi language at its headquarters in Mawkhar.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed positive in the state.
On the other hand, the Seng demands that this recruitment should be stopped completely and should be called back through the MPSC and also should be clearly written regarding the implementation of the State Employment Policy.
The General Secretary said that the number of teachers in the deficit pattern schools is very low but sadly they have been neglected. They have been upgraded to full deficit schools since 1989 although these schools have been eligible since then and only the government at that time knows why these schools have been upgraded to full deficit schools. Lindias Sangma said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Shillong, Iaiong 02: The Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma today said that the government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners to set up a monitoring team to inspect the food supply. to the stores to find the ones that are raising prices.
Speaking at the public meeting, Bah Tynsong said that under the leadership of Conrad as the prime minister, the party does not want to point fingers at anyone but it comes to the people on the basis of the party's position. This election is based on the principle of the party.
The Chief Executive Members presented important documents including a recently discovered and published letter dated 13th October 1947, from former Prime Minister Shri Jawaharlal Nehru to former Prime Minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, who ordered Sardar Patel to accept and respect the agreements signed between the Khasi States and the Governor of Assam. It was approved by the Governor General of India on 17 August
Coping with Emotions) This special training was conducted by experts from the state including a Master Trainer on Life Skills Education who has received training in this field through Rajiv. Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang who is also the State Youth Awardee of the State.
The Government of Meghalaya has set up a hotline number 1800-345-3644 for those who have family members or students who are stranded in another state. .
Regarding the show cause notice sent to Bah Shylla by the MTC, Bah Shylla replied after the 15th of this month. shall summon him to appear before the Board on the 30th.
The Hima Mylliem is the bloodline of the Khasi Hills. The route for foreigners is through the Raid Marwet (Khanapara-Jorabad), and the border ends at Laitkor, the capital of Shillong. you are within the border of the Hima Mylliem.
For more information visit our Website.
Others who attended the program included the Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah A.Nongbri, Block Development Officer, Bah V.Swer, officers and employees of various government departments, Sordar Shnongs of the area and also Chairman and Secretary of various VECs within Mairang Block.
The HYC on the first day visited the market in Bangladesh and the HYC will oppose this release of the government as it has not yet happened because in Bangladesh there are many markets. COVID-19 challenges.
The KSU said that if the NDPS Act remains weak and weak as it is now.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle has met with the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India Raliang Branch regarding a complaint received from the public that the department has asked for Adhhar Number from the public. open an account with this bank.
Since its inception, MSDE has initiated significant actions and updates on policies and regulations; inauguration of new programs and schemes, introduction of new facilities and development of existing institutions, collaboration with State Governments, collaboration with industries and encouragement of skills development work.
“This is also why the Government will have to take responsibility,” he said.
Referring to other allegations, the Minister said that all the allegations are wrong and what the government is doing is according to the rules laid down by the Asian Development Bank and the central government should not. The State Government has done so with the approval of the Central Government.
He said that the examiners, if they have any problems, they can lodge a complaint to send for the correction of their Answer Script even after receiving the resolution. concerned they can write an application to DERT to resolve and ask for clarification.
Therefore, all pedestrians are advised to be more vigilant especially at night.
They have decided to stay in the protest until they get a decision from the government, while they cannot decide to stay in the area.
The team of researchers was led by Dr.Souvik Sen, Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Kolkata.
His resignation letter was sent to the Principal Secretary Personnel and AR (A) and B) Department of the Government of Meghalaya on the 3rd of this month 2017 through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District.
Rai said the proposal to renew the Assam Rifles has been approved and is currently being implemented.
The CEM said the World Bank has requested the KHADC to act immediately in this regard, and said, “The World Bank has already allocated the funds.
All the residents of Mawlai have been shocked by this insult of Kong Lyngdoh and all these organizations have demanded that Kong Ampereen should apologize for this statement. “There are some places where it is not like that but it is not right to say about the whole Mawlai,” said Bah Dkhara. “We will take a decision tomorrow,” said Ampereen.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: According to the count sent from the office of the Chief Electoral Officer, the polling station in 12 districts of the state has been counted till 7 pm. 72.33% The turnout in the districts was West Jaintia Hills 71.46%, Ri Bhoi 68.64%, East Khasi Hills 67.25%, West Garo Hills 70.95%, West Garo Hills 68.1%. Garo Hills 72.33%, East Jaintia Hills 77.26%, South West Khasi Hills District 79.52%, North Garo Hills 64.66%, South West Garo Hills 81.00% and Eastern West Khasi Hills 75.72%.
Ardent said that the KHADC's goal is to crack down on the liquor shops inside the market and soon it will monitor the illegal sale of liquor around Motphran and Umsohsun. The KHADC has directed the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem to register all the Daju or carriers who live in Iewduh.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the mid-term elections for the Ampati Constituency will be held on the 28th of June and the counting of votes will be held on the 31st of June. date of the same month.
Even in emerging economies like India, a study conducted by Dalberg for DFID (now FCDO) in October 2020 said that the benefits and costs 1.3 to 1.9 for different employers.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: TMC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today filed his nomination papers for the MLA election from Tikrikilla Constituency.
The names of the 40 policemen who were awarded were Crescency Wanlyne Lyngdoh, MPS, ACB/CID, West Jaintia Hills. (Crime).
Police have confirmed that the gunman was identified as Bukarstar G Momin of Dameaphal village in North Garo Hills. He was identified as Chenga and Kakal, 24 years old.
Shillong, March 17: The disease is not only a disease but also has a relationship with the income of the society.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakhmen Rymbui, today said that the State Government has written to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to urge the Central Government to increase the Scholarship for students in Meghalaya.
The distance from Shillong to Mawsynram is 56km and can reach more than 80 kms if you count the border villages with Bangladesh.
The boundaries of the police outpost are Saitsama Outpost to the east, Jowai Police Station to the east, Raliang Police Station to the west and Nartiang Police Station to the west.
After the meeting with the Governor, the MP from Tura went to meet the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at his office at the Secretariat. The State Government should release the share of the GHADC in the collection of vehicle revenue so that the District Council can pay the salaries of the employees of the GHADC. The MP of Tura said that during the meeting, he is ready to work with the government for the development of the state as a whole if there are any tasks that the government can do. I don't think he should give his right hand for the development of the state.
Saleng A Sangma, 45, won his first MLA election in 2008 from the Congress party from 56-Dalamgiri, the old constituency.
This year's procession is more special because the Vatican has set aside this year as the Year of Confession of the Faith.
According to information received, three households are from Luthari village and seven households are from Assam.
Hosting the 2024 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships trials is a significant milestone for Meghalaya, showcasing its capability to host world-class sporting events and its dedication to promoting water sports.
“Sangmau said that in recent times, India has experienced many changes and while the country as a whole has moved forward, the North East and states like Meghalaya have never experienced such a change. economic growth have been able to be part of the economic growth and achievements of this great country.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Khasi Student Union Umstain Unit, East Jaintia Hills District as part of the cleanliness drive in the village yesterday (14/08/2014) has conducted a cleanliness drive around the village. Umstain from drinking water wells, roads, schools and others.
On the other hand, the HYC leaders said that they will continue their strike to demand that the government should speak in the Legislative Assembly. ILP in the state will not prevent the illegal influx of foreigners into the state.
The BJP and HSPDP were also present at the ceremony. The political parties that attended the ceremony were the BJP and the HSPDP. Speeches were also delivered by DC RM Kurbah and R. Wahlang ADC. Two traditional singing groups, one called Bnai and one called Alive, Arlin Iawphniaw. The State Icon is the singer of the Moon.
He also suggested that there should be a formal procedure to hold the Conclave from time to time.
“We have also written to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to help us implement the scheme to improve this bridge.
It is learned that such a mistake happened last year, only to the students within NEHU, but now it has happened to the students in the colleges affiliated to NEHU. He said that it is from the system that NEHU has put in place.
He said that a meeting with the various groups will soon be held in the new year.
The Minister said that the excellence of the teaching methods of UTSM will continue to benefit the people of Meghalaya and the North East of India. Purno A Sangma will be a blessing to the people of this area.
Shillong, March 16: BJP candidate for 17-Shillong North constituency M Kharkrang today appointed Santanu Borthakur as president of Bivar Road branch at City Dhaba. who elected him to be president.
PM chairs Video meeting of Governors, CMs and LGs to discuss aspects of Indias G20 Presidency, in Delhi on December, 09, 2022.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The dismissed contract teachers have launched a protest by staging an untimely strike in front of the statue of Kiangnanbah near the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Jambor War Executive Member, Chairman of the Boundary Committee in charge of the Elaka Department, said that after the signing of the soskular, there has been a lack of understanding especially from the four affected Himas. and the District Councils which are the supervisors of the Himas.
The CEM, KHADC has been requested to demand from the Government of Meghalaya to fulfill the promise taken since 13 April 2000 when the Dorbar Assembly decided to demand from the Government of India to release Meghalaya from The Forest Conservation Act, 1980 under paragraph 12A (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, because the land tenure system is different from other parts of India.
In the letter, they said that the CEM of JHADC should condemn the unfounded statement of Tuliram Ronghang.
Speech was delivered by one of the office bearers of the village, Bah Priminson Nongrum and the meeting was conducted by the Sordar Shnong, Bah Useful Lakhmie in the presence of the elders of the village.
'40 years are not enough in the service of the nation, because many fields still need to be worked' members of the party, are ready to work for the nation.
All the confusion comes, only if there is a belief that only the religion of him or that person can give life, others cannot give life here comes the confusion, as people should Looking at their nature, India is a country with many people. They should be respected if they despise others.
The curfew will affect the people of the state who live by day labor and the daily loss will be a great loss to the poor especially during the Christmas and New Year holidays.
The suspect, who was taken to Tura Civil Hospital, was arrested and bombed by the mob in Salmanpara, South West Garo Hills. place.
At the Soso Tham Auditorium, the party will hold a meeting as a sign of respect for the dedication of the party members since its inception in 1978 until today.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya High Court today swore in the new Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chaouhan.
On the other hand, all the parties, Congress, UDP, UDP and VPP and the two independent candidates have been driven from one place to another to hold public meetings to explain the grounds on which they stand. He will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Shillong, July 08: The residents of Thiedieng village today expressed their opposition to the proposal of NEEPCO to take land for the construction of the Umiew stage II Hydel Power Project in their village.
About 40 residents of Raid Nongtung village who attended the 12 hour protest today from different villages, on their placards wrote that if the government The government should not provide guns to the people to protect themselves.
The Chief Secretary has directed all those who have entered and left the hospital between these dates to stay at home without interacting with others and the government officials will take care of what is necessary.
For more information regarding this scheme, please call 1800-345-3644 free of charge or get information from the DC office during working hours. .
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya together with 60 MLAs have approved and sent an Official Resolution to exempt Meghalaya from the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973, in accordance with para 12 A (b) of the Sixth Act. Scheduled, Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has written to former PM Dr Manmohon Singh and later to Shri Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India. The Assembly has not been appointed.
A total of 311 candidates passed the examination but the government has appointed only 122 candidates while 209 candidates have passed the examination.
We thank them and we hope that God will bless them and we will also pray for the people of Sikkim who are still suffering and I ask each and every one of them to encourage and support them. Remember them in your prayers,” said Barihunshisha Lyngdoh, one of the students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute in an interview with media at ISBT. The heavy rainfall started on the 4th of this month at about 2 pm.
This was announced by Daniel Kharbani, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Upper Shillong.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that after receiving the report, nothing will be said or done.
The scheme was launched by TMC President Mamata Banerjee during her visit to Shillong two months ago. This is the first scheme for women in Meghalaya.
Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose University (Open University), Achaltal, Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh.19.
We are surprised in the state because they (candidates) have also applied for tickets from Shillong and Tura and we think that the BJP will fight anyway,” said Prestone. Their wisdom (BJP) perhaps the thinking of the High Command (BJP) is the best because the NPP is working within the National Democratic Alliance (led by the BJP).
Referring to Myanmar, he also mentioned the MoU signed recently between the Mandalay Region Chamber of Commerce and Industry and trade groups from the North East.
Shillong, July 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit under the leadership of Samla Chanbor War and Assistant Finance Secretary Samla Kindly Khyriem today held a meeting.
Public sector banks have played an important role in achieving this milestone through the support of the first scheme for small loans to low income people in rural areas. around.
Regarding this incident, the FKJGP will meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on Monday to discuss the incident.
He said that the rule of law is based on the Constitution, the Sixth Schedule and the Acts of the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids and the Acts of the Hima Khasi States.
In the past few days, a group of friends and men and women came here to drink alcohol. There was a woman among them who was crying sadly in the forest and the crying reached their ears. residents of Lumbalang Village.
Babu Kular Khongjirem.
One of the major steps in this direction is the establishment of Jan Aushadhi Kendras which provide medicines at affordable prices.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The desire of the people of Patharkhamah area to get a Civil Sub Division after many years has come true. He will inaugurate the Civil Sub Division on Thursday.
Shillong, July 14: The two Regional Committees of Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong today held a meeting at the State Convention Center Shillong and announced that they will submit their report by the month of April. The meeting was conducted by the Symbud Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar as Chairman of the Committee from Jaintia Hills and IPR Minister, Assam Piyush Hazarika. Chairman of the Committee on Karbi Anglong.
Our vision should be to have prosperity for our people and the world at large through the use of business, technology, skills and tourism.
Through insecurity, India has been able to look after electricity-related activities for its own benefit, which is essential in the recovery of the economy which has been severely affected for the past two years. .
Shillong, Nailur 20: There are 12 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 3 in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Ri Bhoi and 2 in West Garo Hills. There are 45 people in Shitom.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Twenty-five people have tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District today, out of which 19 cases are from East Khasi Hills District. They include 2 Air Forces, 6 BSF personnel and 11 civilians, 2 from East Jaintia Hills and 4 from West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will not go beyond the rules for the appointment of the Chief Secretary.
On the other hand, the CEM expressed his gratitude in the House to the state government for recognizing the powers of the District Councils.
Speaking to reporters, KJFWRA President Mitchel Wankhar said that those involved in the special market in Khasi-Jaintia Hills are only Khasi brothers and sisters. 20,000 young people.
Before 2018, that is, since 2008, the MBOSE has divided the questions into subjects that students should answer, that is, students should answer directly in History, Civics which Social Sciences I and Geography and Economics II will write their own subjects.
Albert said that the requirement for Special Training or the so-called “Work Experience” has become a stumbling block for the youth who have completed their studies. as requested in government notices.
The meeting of the RBYO with the CEM of KHADC was on the issues of Dorbar Shnong, foreigners, markets and other issues affecting the community.
Gandhiji's good teaching was to show that the power of violence is greater than violence.
In 2016, the Punjab government had allocated T.10 lakh for the construction of the Guru Nanak School on the site.
According to information received, the SBI Mobile ATM is located inside the grounds of Ganesh Das Hospital 24 hours a day according to the bank's opening hours.
The main purpose of this awareness program is to encourage the villagers to avoid, think and protect themselves from the spread of many evils which destroy the society. .
In his speech, Sangma said, “This meeting has brought together experts to find sustainable ways of working for the future.
The new Civil Sub Division will come into force from today 24th November 2022, the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya said in a statement today. those who fall under this Block.
He said that the report on the incident of the PHE water tank in Laimer is still pending.
On this occasion, the children were delighted to receive this gift from the government.
In his speech, Dr. Tiwariu emphasized on the contribution of the Ramakrishna Mission to the society, the city and the state.
,vnm, has brought, has begun to bring the ring swai of the Hima gradually.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar has been elected as its Adviser for the term 2024 to
During the inspection, the CEM of KHADC expressed his satisfaction that the work has gone smoothly. The construction of the market is currently underway.
Shillong, June 24: Today, Major Gen.
As the MLAs in the opposition through these meetings, they understand what the government has done and appreciate what the government has taken to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Lber 26: The new Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today said that if the Khasi can no longer hold their own land, it is like they have lost their land. die.
Shillong, Lber 23: The statement to take over the electricity department from James K Sangma and remove the CMD of MeECL did not come from the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), but from Dr Jemino Mawthoh. Speaking to reporters, President of the NPP Youth Wing, Nicky Nongkhlaw, asked Dr Mawthoh why he took this job. The NPP has said that the letter sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma was signed by Dr Mawthoh.
On the allegation that the Syiem Police refused to accompany the members of HITO, the Syiem said that his office has not received any letter or request to accompany the members. Two persons arrested for the murder of a 40-year-old boy in Umtangar, Ri Bhoi village have confessed to committing the crime. try to take the remaining half bottle of kiad that belongs to one of them.
In this incident, there was also a burning of vehicles.
In the Group Category, the winner was LaitkrohSiatlang, who received a cash prize of Rs.23,000/- along with a trophy. The second prize went to the group from Laitryngew Village which received a cash prize of Rs.6,000/- along with a prize.
Shillong, June 22: U Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Ganol Stone Massar, former CEM of KHADC. Ganol has been an MDC of KHADC since 1979 from Nongskhen MDC Constituency. He said that he was an MDC of this constituency for three years from that year to
The TMC today announced all the candidates from 24 constituencies in Garo Hills, the remaining five constituencies are from Khasi Hills.
Regarding the Cess, the Cabinet has approved to amend the Meghalaya Minerals Cess Act, which has introduced 40 types of minerals. land under this Act.
The Forest Department has nothing to object because the land for the factory does not fall under the scope of the Forest Conservation Act
He said that the song should be thoughtful and able to inspire the people to have a new idea.
The HNYF will give the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima 24 hours from tonight to remove these narrot, if the office of the Syiem does not do anything, the HNYF and Other parties will take the law into their own hands and the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will do so tomorrow.
The Prime Minister acknowledged what the Opposition Leader said that many schemes have been cut, but the allocation of funds to many schemes in the ratio of 90:1 The government has been demanding that Meghalaya should be recognized as a separate state.
At the same time, the influx of Bangladeshi counterfeit currency has destroyed the market in India.
Rajiv Gandhi is said to have a great relationship with the youth.
The Executive Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District Nongpoh has left for Khanapara in the presence of doctors in the presence of doctors. The incident has been registered. A complaint has been lodged at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 42(4)2024U/s 304(A) IPC.
The Prime Minister said that the government has taken all necessary measures to restore peace and order.
“Since childhood, I have always wanted to succeed in my studies. No matter how intelligent a person is, without hard work we cannot succeed or reach our goal. haka life.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang said that as soon as the Assembly ended, I felt the need to meet with the Village Authorities and I sent this through the BDO to invite and gather. to all Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs to discuss development works within the Constituency.
 Watch out for broken electric poles, wires, and other hazards.
As part of the temporary solution to the problem of the people and while the allocation of funds from the PWD department is ongoing, the group also requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to repair the 40km road first so that the road can be safe. let's go.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal of the college, Bah Boldness L Nongum, teachers and staff of the college.
Minister Duh said the Government has moved from the Look East policy to Act East, and now its policy is Act Fast for Northeast and Act First. for Northeast.
CCRAS-NIIMH, Hyderabad has been included in the list as the third WHO Collaborating Center for Traditional Medicine after Institute for Teaching and Research in Ayurveda, Jamnagar and Morarji. Desai National Institute of Yoga (MDNIY), New Delhi.
In the presence of several members from Jowai Circle and WJHD Unit.
However, if the session is postponed, the days that come and go, if he comes once four days before the opening of the session, the count shall not be taken.
Some of the medals won by the West Jaintia team were in the men's 5000 M where Dabit Dkhar finished in 15:53:9 In the women 's category , the gold and silver medals went to Lyntijingkyrmen K Jahrin who finished in 19:55:2 and Marqueenless Ramsiej :03:2, Happiness Phawa of WJH won the bronze medal. In the girls high jump, Joytiful Narlong of Ri-Bhoi won the gold medal. The silver and bronze medals went to Savinity Jyndiang of WKH and Shidalin Rongpih of Ri-Bhoi.
According to the Chief Adviser of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Amlarem, the residents of Amlarem Sub Division have been facing difficulties in coming and going to the market. Heavy rainfall has caused landslides and damage to the roads from Kharkhana village to Amlarem, from Sankhat – Lumsohrmen – Muktapur to Amlarem and also from Amlanai – Laremshyiap – Amsohrhong – Trangblang to Amlarem and so on. The road is also located from Amkoi to Kudengrim to Nongbareh to Khonglah to Padu Bah to Amlarem.
About 571 people have been evacuated from Ditokchera station today. Those who have been evacuated from the railway station have been taken to Badarpur and Silchar. There are two railway stations.
In a statement issued today, the NPP President said that Lastborn has been relieved of his post and Kitborlang has been appointed as the new President of the NPP in SWKH District.
At present, under the supervision of the Governor, doctors are looking after and treating the sick with the appeal to the families.
As one who has faced the COVID19 pandemic, he encouraged all the youth not to give up, to turn to God, to continue to fight against the challenges and to make the most of the opportunities ahead.
In addition, the court ordered to pay compensation of 3 lakh tyngka to the relatives of the victim, Bah Lang Pale.
On the evening of Tuesday 26/11/2023, BSF personnel on the border seized more than 1000 byrni of sugarcane and at the market price, the price of sugarcane has reached T. lakh rupees.
The team was led by Subedar Major Abdul Gani.
After that meeting, they will meet again and after that they will schedule a meeting with the Union Home Minister. The next meeting may be on the 20th or 21st. This month when the talks between the two states will be announced to the public.
“There are many problems related to the prices of vegetables and no GST on vegetables, except packaged,” he said.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has said that the descendants will remember Lata for her beautiful voice. , the Prime Minister of India also addressed the family.
We all have the power of thought and we can also fight against the challenges that may arise,” said Patel in his speech at IIM Shillong.
Delhi, often known for the highest levels of air pollution during the monsoon season, has ranked fifth among the most polluted cities, according to a report by a group Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA).
We express our unacceptability for the people of the area especially at times of urgent need for treatment.
It is learned that this is the second time that this shooting competition has been held in the state as this competition is held every year. 6 states and about 260 participants are expected.
The delay is that the sample has to be sent from NEIGRHIMS to Pune.
Shillong, July 14: Leaders of the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FORMLD) including Peter D Rynjah, General Secretary, FORMLD and John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, Meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today at 2 pm at the DC's office in Shillong to submit a petition on the happiness of the Government of Meghalaya after 20 years since the establishment of Pyrdiwah Village. It was destroyed on 1st April 2001 by the Bangladesh Army and now the residents of this village have received a road scheme to reach the village.
At this meeting, the MLA of 19-Shillong South announced to provide financial assistance to those households who are below the poverty line and also to those who work as ASHAs and Government Aganwadi food distribution centers to assist them through COBID-19 Committees in the villages.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and his Cabinet today did not attend a meeting convened by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The meeting was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Others who attended the event were Dr Kadirvel, Dr KP Mohapatra. In their speeches, these two doctors in agriculture said that they should plant trees in areas outside the garden. and this is like depositing money in the bank.
The union also said that the presence of the illegal check gate of the BSF troops has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers on the National Highway-6
The President said she is pleased that Meghalaya has taken steps to become an exemplary state and shows the orderly transition to the modern era and also the preservation of traditional customs.
The matter of releasing them will not come out.
The current recruitment for the post of Soldier General Duty, Tradesmen will be held on the 15th of this month. day is Armed Forces Day.
The KSU has found many shortcomings in all aspects, said the doctor who urgently needs an ambulance and special bedrooms. The inspection was led by President Jibarpaul Thabah along with several members.
This was stated by Amos Kharjahrin, Publicity Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
However, this road is said to be Umpling Road in the documents of this road but it does not appear that it is a military road which ends at Wahthangsniang, if it is not within the Umpling Road. The PWD should not have any documents regarding this road.
Shillong, November 06: Job seekers who have completed their written examination for the post of Special Force-10, today demanded that the government should release the results first. to announce the MLA election in the state.
CEC Kumar urged all States / UTs and groups to translate their 'determination' into 'actions' for a fair, free, violence-free election process and frightening.
Pynnehbor Mylliemngap Class XI Student from Shillong College, Smit Mawmluh, has been holding this title for four years.
In his speech, Conard K Sangma said that the NPP wants to bring about development in the constituency. He appealed to the people of the area to support the NPP party in the MLA election to be held in
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Police on Saturday seized a coal truck (AS-18C-0371) from Dainabubi in North Garo Hills District. seize the shallans that have been stolen.
This demand for provincialization should be discussed first with the Managing Committees.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Vivek Syiem, said that it is true and police have arrested the suspect on charges of insulting the DC of East. Khasi Hills District.
"This bike rally was held 10 days before the arrival of the Prime Minister of India in Shillong where he will deliver a public speech at Polo Ground on Tuesday morning 2022.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has spoken to the Assam Chief Minister to ensure that vehicles from Meghalaya carrying food items from Assam should not be stopped. The Chief Secretary of the State is also responsible.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the party is confident of winning the MP elections in both the parliamentary constituencies in the state.
Mebanlamlynti Marsharing’s outstanding hat-trick during this match solidified his position as Meghalaya’s top scorer, tallying an impressive 7 goals in the tournament.
He said that the party had met RM Kurbah when she was the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided that those who wish to set up schools to receive assistance from the government must meet the following requirements. put by your government.
The Mission focuses on the development of siej in several states with social, marketing and income benefits, especially in the North East and states including Madhya. Pradesh, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Karnataka, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
The match between the two teams was friendly and beautiful.
To improve education, we need qualified teachers (to enter the teaching profession).
Sources close to the factories in Byrnihat said that many of the factories have closed down due to the lack of electricity. This also put them in great trouble.
The AITC Leader has accused NPP Leader Conrad K Sangma of instead of taking responsibility for what he has done, he has accused and blamed others. and the social agreement on the border issue with Assam.
Jowai, March 21: The Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday said that Bah Justice Paul Lyngdoh, is no longer a member of the KSU, as the KSU has accepted his resignation in November this year.
As the National President of the party and as the Chief Minister of the state, he does not take seriously anything that the opposition says when they contest the election they have to do well to win.
The expenses of the employees are paid by the central government while the office rent is not paid by the government and the members of the union have to pay the house rent themselves.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today opened its office at Laitumkhrah on the occasion of the party's 25th anniversary.
Other government officials who attended the function included Additional Chief Secretary, Mr. PB Warjri, Director General of Police, Prem Singh, Director of I & PR, Bah HM Shangpliang, Lem and other government officials. state.
Many speakers from ICYM Jowai Diocese including Samla Mutshwa Thabah, President of ICYM Jowai Diocese, Sister Mabel Dhar and Father Ebormitre Lamare, Spiritual Director of ICYM Jowai Diocese. .
When the police searched the boxes, they found that there were 85 rounds of ammunition in the area and the police suspect that these bullets were smuggled into the area by the insurgents. to belong to the GNLA, police said.
Shillong, June 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on his visit to Manipur, on Tuesday met Najma Heptulla, Governor of Manipur. state of N.Biren Singh.
The three Sengbhalang also urged both sides to reach a peace agreement and to end immediately this conflict which has not brought any benefit to the nation.
The purpose of this training is to provide more detailed information on employment opportunities through the Skill Development Program and Job Placement.
Shillong, July 06: The ruling party today won the adjournment motion in the House which was tabled by the opposition by voice vote.
He also urged scientists to clearly articulate their views on how the country could provide more prevention activities related to these activities.
The HBDRF said that their request for these documents is to serve as a basis for them in this struggle regarding the border issue between these two countries. two states which has not been resolved for many years.
If there is any demand by the groups, it should not affect the peace and order. He said that such incidents affect the sports activities in the state. part of society.
This book has mislead the students of this state who fall under the jurisdiction of the ISC. Because according to this book in one of the chapters it is written that among the Khasi people there is always a marriage. between His house and his sem.
Taking from the speech of T. Muivah , the Congress party said that the Nagas will now get their own Lama and passport , but said that for now it has to be hidden until it can complete the arrangement.
Shillong, Sept 19: The schemes of the central government were launched at the Public Information Campaign of the Bharat Nirman Programs held at Tynring.
To ensure that there will be social distancing during the pet sale, police have been stationed near all the crowded places to ensure that the people should follow the directions of the government.
Three years after the death of Minister Robert Feller Kharbuki of Lawmei, the Kharbuki family on 13th March, 2023 received a new Minister. Mr. Zubestar Kharbuki will be the representative of the Kur.
Badonkupar Kharsohnoh of Pingwait won the best goalkeeper award, Neville Majaw of Umsohkhlur won the best goalkeeper award and Kolestarwell won the best player award. Lyngdoh of Umsohkhlur and the Discipline Team won by Mawlyndop.
Shillong, Nailar 16: While the state is celebrating Independence Day, smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh have tried to smuggle cattle to the east of the country from two countries. the places, Tuka and Muktapur.
Answering a question that the suppliers have refused to supply the food items because the government has not paid what they supplied in 2014, the DC said that they have done this to and to ensure that the people who are vulnerable to the environment do not suffer.
It is here that they say, "If you give, it will not be and if you do not give, it will not be.
In his speech, the President said that the target of NEP 2020 is to increase the number of people who want to study in higher education to 50 percent by .
During the inspection, the KHADC decided to hold again the Monolith Festival, which has been suspended for seven years, at the Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Donald V Thabah, he said that the party has sent this statement on the request of the High Court of Meghalaya. The Prime Minister to grant the recognition as citizens of India, which the party does not agree with because without looking at the ability to bring about change in the North East of the country. India if they come to invade.
Many government offices from all three blocks of the district have come to take part in the festival.
Spiritual Director of the Union as a member.
Shillong, June 03: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (CEO) has met today, April 3, on a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, sent by the KHADC authorities regarding the amendment of many provisions of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill Constitution of India, including the requirement that the Government shall fulfill all commitments in accordance with the Articles of Agreement and the IOA & AA, adopted by the Government of India on 17th August The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has finally expressed its gratitude to the Ministry of Home Affairs for its support and acceptance that in Meghalaya there are traditional, separate Dorbar Synshar. However, it was felt that the traditional rulers from the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars in the 54 Himas in Khasi Hills, 18 Dolloi & one Sirdar in Jaintia Hills, and 1400 Nokmas Hima should be clearly reflected in the amendment to the Sixth Schedule and on this basis these decisions have been taken.
Prof. (Dr.) AC Phukan said that Ayurveda is a system that has spread all over the world and is used in everyday life.
Shillong, November 25: A mother has lodged a complaint with the South Garo Hills Police Station that a policeman of the 4MLP Battalion identified as MM Manhio Lawai has abducted her daughter. go to your house and drink wine.
We have the islands and we will talk," he said.
“The repairs to the bridge are in progress,” he said, adding that last month he visited the construction site.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said he is saddened to remember the Members who have lost their lives in the Covid-19 pandemic which has affected the House for nearly two years.
The Cabinet meeting was convened this morning to discuss the issue again as the government has seen what has happened to the previous government's permission to UCIL to start its preparations for the project. part of uranium mining.
According to information received, many trucks carrying rice have been parked at the FCI station in Mawlai for a day due to the deterioration of the weightbridge.
Regarding the number of jobs, the number of jobs has been increased from three to four in central government departments and 5% in education. these are those with disabilities.
There are 547 cases in the state, 94 recoveries and 5 deaths.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The incumbent Chief Minister of the MUA-I government, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday announced that the government will implement the Inter State Border Area Scheme. development scheme”.
Similarly this year the government has declared a public holiday on this day 9th June 2018 but it is sad that offices like banks, private companies and others have started working on this day. sun.
In a video statement sent to the media, Barilang said, “The youths have expressed their anger, sorrow and disappointment regarding the recruitment in the Department of Labour. Pohing because the age limit has been reduced by issuing the Revise Guideline without notice.
On this complaint, police have arrested the accused.
Phibankyntiew, if you have anywhere, come back,” said Mama with a smile.
The demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state has caused a lot of trouble in the state.
The KSU has asked the State Government to revoke the permit for uranium mining in Domiasiat and Mawthabah which has been issued since November Other permits have been issued by the Ministry from time to time in other places to mine uranium, but nothing has been done by the MDA government.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Several persons were injured in a shooting incident at Bimola Point in the morning and this shooting has caused trouble at night and this has spread to Motphran and On the other hand, the residents were angry with this incident and there was a stone throwing in which it is not known who was still there.
According to a statement, the Nagaland Olympic Association has decided to hold 16 games and the MSOA has decided to take part in almost all the games with the support of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs.
In a statement, the commander-in-chief of the union, Sohan D Shira, said that they request the Governor to accept Muktiar Sujit Dey and the UCPF as ksiang in the this is the answer to the question.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today welcomed the two MDCs of KHADC who came to join the party today.
If this is the case, the Police Station at Mawryngkneng will serve only the Check Post or will not serve the public,” said Bah Lawai.
Patharkhamah Police Station said that no casualties were reported in the incident. The vehicles were parked on the side of the road. .
Shillong, March 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that since the formation of the government, there has been an agreement between Reniktone L Tongkhar and Samlin Malngiang. Referring to the replacement of Comingone Ymbon and Dasakhiatbha Lamare, the Chief Minister said that this too had already been discussed at the time of the formation of the government.
The police station was also closed to the public.
The BSF seized the drugs from the vehicle after they could not produce proper documents. The BSF after completing the required documents handed over the drugs. Customs is not available in Dawki.
They also discussed how to find ways to protect the indigenous people in Tamil Nadu and Meghalaya, to improve their education and income.
Later, Assam's Shiva Thapa, who won the gold medal last season, will face Karnataka's Santhosh HK in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
Shillong, July 30: The Adhoc Teachers of Meghalaya (LAF) have staged an unprecedented strike in front of the Secretariat for the third day today.
On arrival in Shillong, she was welcomed by FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Sports Department and BPO Warjri, Chief Information Commissioner, State Government.
The documentary has been shot since 1978 when the KSU was founded and continues its history until today. The documentary includes 17 Mawmers that the KSU has produced. government-related activities and demand issues and so on.
The last date for submission of applications by BCCs to DCC will be 31st March 2022 and DCCs will submit their applications to MPCC by 10th November 2022 and the applications will be heard on Beyond 2022.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister replied that the government is deeply concerned about this even after five years of laying the foundation stone, the work has not started.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the HNYF Women's Wing has set a deadline for Phatimai to apologize and if she does not apologize, she will take action according to the law. statement is unacceptable.
When asked by the PRO of NEEPCO whether it is true that MeECL has increased the electricity bill too much, the PRO said that at present it is not true how much it is. for now they are in the midst of the holidays, and they cannot say so.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the decision to remove the BJP from the MDA government is the opinion of some, but it did not come from the UDP party. Regarding this, the Prime Minister said that this will be discussed within the MDA government to resolve this issue.
This march to express their unity as followers of Christ is not new but has existed since ancient times.
The Congress party stands with the youth of the country to protect their rights in the application for military service.
Shillong, Lber 22: Iborina Shylla today filed her nomination for the MP election from 1-Shillong LS as an independent candidate.
The Union will not stand idly by but will follow up on these issues.
This was announced in a statement sent by the General Secretary, Bah G Kharraswai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Bangladeshi Khar arrested by the Border Guard Force (CSF) in South Garo Hills District have been found to be working in Baghmara in the morning and going to sleep in the evening. I went to Bangladesh.
Many of the candidates who want to contest the MDC elections in 2014 have been wondering whether they will do it in any way because there is no delimitation. .
The KJBWA has also prepared a petition to submit to the government. In this meeting, the KJBWA has praised the government department in charge of animal husbandry for being able to inspect the cows that have entered the country. At the same time, she requested the government to set up a gate to check the entry of cows into the state.
According to a complaint lodged by the ADM of Mawkyrwat, after the 4th of July this year, Nashier and Bablu together with the groups who took the aircraft were arrested. They took all the money from him and forced him to sign a letter agreeing to pay 15 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) stands firmly against the CAB.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25:The LSSSCC on Tuesday opened a Social Sports Meet for the youth and also for the children of Lyngkien Shyiap, Lyngkien Shyiap, Shillong. Mylliem Lum as part of the celebration and temporary brain development after completing their examinations and also to improve the skills that God has blessed them with.
Furthermore, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she as the Minister in charge will put the responsibility on the mothers who are still giving birth and she wants to provide the best service. .
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday broke the lock on the gate of a public toilet at the Parking Lot near the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
The meeting of the CEMs of the two District Councils was to discuss the Lineage Bill.
Nongrum said the Government should evacuate these people as soon as possible.
The Army contingent of the National Flag Guard will be led by Major Mukesh Kumar Singh, the Navyda contingent will be led by Lieutenant Commander Harpreet Mann and the Air Force contingent will be led by Squadron Leader Shrey Chawdhary.
From the beginning, there have been discussions between the Hima Mawphlang and the KHADC to share the revenue from the collection of tourists to the Khasi Heritage Village between the Hima and the KHADC. The Hima and the KHADC have not agreed on how much the Hima should receive and how much the KHADC should receive. It has destroyed the site which has cost billions of rupees to develop.
She also asked the government why they are slow to issue the OM even after they have already issued the advertisement.
The arrested are David Nongkhlaw, Lamborlang Lyngdoh, Wankhar and Kironster Mawri. They are all from Laitkor Peak area.
She started her race on 22nd July from Jaisalmer, Rajasthan and passed through five states of India and ended today in Shillong at the Polo Ground.
Commenting on the allegation by the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU), Kennedy said, “When I look at the complaint, I have been insulted. ) and if there is such a thing on our part, we don't support it but if there is no such thing and what we see is that the police have found, seized and there are also video clips that the police have ringed in which they closed down illegal petrol stations.
Shylla demanded that those people who have been involved in creating this confusion in the KHADC should resign from the post of MDC.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MCE) will release the results for Science and Commerce on the 5th of this month.
Speaking to SP News Agency, one of the UDP MDCs said that at the meeting held on Tuesday at the party president's residence, they could not take any decision, but They have taken only one decision to wait until the Budget Session of the KHADC on the 20th of this month.
Many of the houses covered with tin have been destroyed by the cold weather. The district authorities in Nongpoh have been informed about the damage.
The unit in Dehradun was led by Samla Eleaser Teddy Langtang as President, Samla Meban Syiemlieh as General Secretary and other office bearers with up to 100 members.
He said that siej is part of the lifestyle of the people of the state and that the cultivation of siej helps the people of the area to export siej products across India and abroad.
Ernest said the FKJGP should cooperate with the law enforcement agencies because some people have defamed the party. The BJP leadership is very concerned about this incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two Congress MDCs, Carnes Sohshang and Batskhem Ryntathiang, today joined the National People's Party (NPP). meeting at the party office in Lachumier.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor, said that it is true that the president of the MPCC has invited them. MDCs of JHADC at his residence to discuss the replacement of the JHADC leader, but in this meeting out of the 19 MDCs 13 MDCs have expressed their support for the Answering questions, Ma Thobor said that the MPCC wants to remove him as their leader just because he is an MDC from the constituency. The MPCC has suggested that former CEM Ma Madonbai Rymbai should be elected as the leader, but the 13 MDCs have refused.
It was also decided that like last year, if there are students who wish to take the examination, they will be allowed to do so by the CBSE at the earliest opportunity.
During the meeting, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh expressed his concern over the coal mining.
Referring to the party candidate, he said that as a nation, we need Bah PN Syiem who has left the world and who is knowledgeable in the field of the Sixth Schedule. The nation needs these people who understand and understand.
Despite the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Shillong until the government has imposed a curfew to prevent the spread of the disease, many people have left Shillong. and to the streets.
No.9615627595 and Umdang Etilda Rongrin Ph.
So far, 10 applications have been received from Meghalaya, 3 from Assam and only one application from Sikkim, Nagaland and Manipur. .
On the other hand, the MPCA said that as there are still many people who want to surrender, along with the request received from all over the country to extend the deadline, they are willing to continue. The assistance to those who wish to leave, has been decided to continue until Tuesday, 10th November,
During the search, the police found that many of the drivers of two wheelers did not have a driving license and some did not have proper documents and fined them.
The Government has not done anything about the illegal entry of foreigners which has caused serious problems especially in terms of unemployment.
The last house visited in Umonka village belonged to Kong CionaRynshon where she was weaving a blue scarf in her traditional scarf.
Dawki is a major trading hub for exports to Bangladesh where the Central Government receives royalty and cess from the mineral resources.
Donbok said the HITO will now look into the law.
Speaking on the role of the Government of Meghalaya in India's efforts to bring about economic development in all sectors, the Commissioner and Secretary, Planning, Government of Meghalaya, Joram Beda said that the Government of Meghalaya has led the a way to link the development activities of the Government of India with the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations.
The Seng stands firm on the ground that the conduct of examinations and interviews should be fair and transparent, whether through the MPSC, DSC or any other government department as well.
Referring to the SRWP scheme, which is known as the MLA scheme, the Prime Minister said that it is time to work, but there is still time and the State Level Committee will sit to discuss it. .
The Secretary of KHADC has been directed to lodge an FIR with the police on the allegation of illegal withdrawal of money from the account of the Council. of private individuals.
Shop owners should not allow consumers to sit inside the shop and consumers should leave the shop after eating.
According to the complaint lodged by the girl, she said that this happened at a place in Shillong in November, 2023 and the video was taken when they were They have spread it on social media ahead of the recent Lok Sabha elections.
This is due to measures such as increasing the country's gas supply to about 250% of the supply since 2013-14, and importing gas from non-essential projects to meet the needs of CNG projects. (traffic) and PNG(household consumption).
There are 120 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 50 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills and 15 cases in West Garo Hills. Positive.
Today, the site for the installation of the water pumps brought to Odisha has been cleared and once the water pumping has started with these powerful water pumps, the water level has been reduced. and they will be able to do something to find the people who have fallen into this coal mine.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The resignation of the Mawthadraishan BCC by Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, Adhoc President of the DCC, is unacceptable as it is a personal decision of the DCC without convening the Executive Committee. The Mawthadraishan BCC has clarified that the Block was approved by the AICC in 2010 and its term will expire until
There is no law that is not perfect but there is nothing wrong with it.
The sein would like to remind the people of the area not to take the law into their own hands especially in the punishment by shooting and beating anyone.
President Rgh Pranshon Jala, President Rgh Pranshon Jala, has sworn before the Lord a righteous covenant, so that the covenant between man and God will remain strong. .
New Delhi, March 10: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has chaired a meeting to discuss the progress of schemes to be implemented in line with his Independence Day speech.
KHNAM wants to make it clear that the ILP Act is not a law of racial discrimination or a law against any ethnic group, but it is a law that will bring peace to all.
Answering questions, the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital said that the hospital will do whatever is necessary in terms of treatment.
He said work is underway on 42 Mega Food Parks in India and six of them are in the North East.
The Superintendent of Post Offices, Meghalaya Division, on Tuesday informed the public that there are many AADHAAR CARD cards available at the Shillong GPO office. ai sign distributors failed to deliver to owners.
At this meeting, he suggested five issues to discuss how to prevent the spread of the disease.
“The HNYF strongly opposes any attempt by such groups to promote ethnic conflict in the State by committing unnecessary acts of ethnic discrimination, which the Khasi people have always been the victim of. “We are against the killing of our people whether it is on the border, the shooting death by the BSF or the bombing of (L) Lurshai Hynniewta,” said the statement.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: To resolve the ethnic tensions in Block-II area which has caused problems to the residents of Sabud area due to the tensions today held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs. from Meghalaya under Ri Bhoi District and from Assam under West Karbi Anglong District.
If the rural hospitals are fully equipped, it will reduce the overcrowding in urban hospitals.
On the other hand, the GSU cannot remain silent anymore and will start a public meeting to raise awareness on this issue.
In this decision, the KHADC found that the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to remove Basan Emerson Thangkhiew is illegal on the grounds that he can no longer work.
If those chiefs say that the Khasi chiefs have signed the IOA&AA, but our people have not yet signed the instrument of merger (like other states especially in Assam), the question is, Why has the land of Hynniewtrep been included in the Assamad and we have to fight for Hills State twice? Only here it is understood that the Hindustan Political System is useless. of merger, while Hynniewtrep has signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement, they are still uniting our Jaidbynriew, while our country has its own Khadar, Constitution and land. ???).
South Garo Hills has three Assembly constituencies, Rongara, Chokpot and Baghmara.
“We must be able to implement budgetary provisions in the time allotted for our target benefits with a robust business planning process.
It is learned that the Information Board was installed through the Jirang Block but unknown persons have destroyed the sign and this has also caused a stir among the residents.
The only thing left is the State Bank of India which has not yet issued loans for the construction of houses under the KHADC Act due to the State Government on 22/November/1982 according to Notification No.ERT (T) 62/8 /11 which came into force of the Indian Registration Act,
“Ka Seng will not stand idly by on this issue which affects the health of the people and urges the Government to do its duty,” said the statement.
Subsequently, the program was broadcast in English from 31st July, 2016 and Sanskrit from 28th June,
Shillong, Jymmang 12: BSF troops on the border with Bangladesh in West Jaintia Hills District today seized 37 muid. smugglers sent to Bangladesh.
There are 1468 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 33 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 20 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills. , West Khasi Hills 13 people.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Citizens Foundation for Human Development (CFHD) in collaboration with the All Meghalaya Muster Roll Workers Union (AMMRWU) has held a meeting at Mawthadraishan Block. ASHAs and Anganwadis came to participate and were together to discuss the problems faced by the workers and harassed from time to time by the Government authorities.
Through beautiful design and wide news, these websites improve people's access to information in an interesting way.
“Ka Seng expresses its regret and strong opposition to the statements and allegations of some who say that the market vendors have blocked the road to the fire trucks and thus the fire has spread to the house.
On 30.8.2021, MLA of Baithalangso Rupsingh Teron visited the village.
The drama and music of this drama was written by Dr. Barnes Mawrie, President of the College. He was born in Shillong in
Children will be distributed T-Shirts to the winners.
Shillong, July 8: A group of Bangladeshis who entered Amdoh village in West Jaintia Hills District today surrounded the BSF troops and stabbed a man with a knife. the hand of the BSF soldier.
The first meeting between the Chief Secretaries was in 1992 and the last was in
Agnes Kharshiing, who was admitted to the hospital after being shot dead by suspected coal traders, was visited by the Minister of State for Home Affairs. James K Sangma, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
One of them is the Diet Clerk.
Besides PCCF Y Shullai, Dr Subhash Ashutosh, Climate Change Officer and MFTS Principal Arpiyush Sangma were also present.
The items available from this shop are a variety of items made by khiew ranei makers which can be used as gift items.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: As part of the celebration of NYK Foundation Day which coincides with the birthday of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Children's Day has been celebrated across the country. , HMYWO in collaboration with the NYKS Office, Shillong on 14th November 2012 celebrated this special day by organizing a Marathon with the theme 'RUN FOR UNITY' for 120 children. and Youth Women and Men of Mylliem Area took part in the event.
His sister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Shillong East MLA and President of Laitumkhrah BCC, told reporters that Robert has an intention to join the BCC. but this is only if someone comes to propose to him.
All we can do is follow the rules of procedure so that anyone who is interested (to contest the Lok Sabha elections) can come forward to submit their application,” said Bah Paul.
The Minister of Home Affairs wants to clarify that even after the final NRC, everyone will have the opportunity to appeal to the Foreigners Tribunal.
Although commercial vehicles have paid the tax, the presence of many roads that are not allowed to enter has put the vehicles in trouble.
Shillong, Naitung 06: U Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday congratulated the new Chief Minister of Assam, Himnata Biswa Sarma.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth and all the government officials from various departments in the district.
Members of the HYC Sohiong Zone led by President Purningstar Shabong and General Secretary Wesmandar Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi on Tuesday visited the CHC Sohiong Zone after receiving a complaint from the HYC Sohiong Zone. The Seng on this occasion found that there is no doctor at this CHC and there are only a few staff.
The landslide occurred due to heavy rainfall in the past 24 hours. The landslide occurred at the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) site in The land is located in the Industrial Estate.
The KSU said that the Police Department should take action against the spread of rumors which could affect the peace and order in the State especially in such places where the ethnic groups live.
As part of the Assam Riffle troops, the Assam Riffle has distributed solar lamps to 20,000 residents of the state. their “ Friends from the Mountains".
Regarding this, the PDF as a whole cannot be accepted, anyone and the investigation will find out the truth, in fact the money should be deposited in the right manner according to the “But the money was released without following the rules of the office,” said Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri, today met with the Union Health Minister JP Nanda in Delhi. The Central Government should expedite the approval of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
How can this leader of AJYWO speak without thinking, when the RTI requested by Kong Arlin Dkhar is not available, isn't it true?  Isn't the RTI Report evidence to prove that the CEM has embezzled public money?
The history of this school was read by Bah SR Majaw.
He said that the future of the state and the country depends on the youth. To use the power of the youth, we need adequate job opportunities so that the youth can develop their skills. which they have for the purpose of uplifting them because the youth are the future of the country.
Sandeep Biswa, 27, and Elbert Shemphrang Kharlukhi, 31, have been charged under Section 17 of the POCSO Act.
Referring to the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the Minister said that before he became Minister, he had heard about the smuggling of cattle, until he took over as Minister and called for cooperation between Police and BSF have been arrested for smuggling cattle to Bangladesh.
In July, 550 vehicles were fined and all these vehicles violated the provisions of the MV Act in various areas, Shillong Police said.
The surprising thing is that the government has not taken any action to curb such activities, so we strongly condemn the robbers who have lost their sense of humanity and compassion for others.
Shillong, November 05: A group of covid-19 workers today staged a protest to demand the payment of their salaries which has been pending for several months.
As Narendra Modi prepares to be sworn in as Prime Minister for the third time, speculation over who will get the post of Minister is intense.
The meeting discussed the progress of implementation of various projects in the North East.
The meeting was conducted by KSU Mawlai Circle.
Therefore, through the Special Standing Committee, it has agreed to divide the matter into two pastorate or districts and taken the matter to the District Dorbar and from the District Dorbar it has been accepted and sent to the Presbytery. long ha Umklai this year 2023, has accepted and agreed to accept as it is.
In another raid, BSF troops of 4 Battalion seized 17 muid from Rongtilla which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The Presbytery service will be held from the 16th to the 18th of June
Bah Nongtdu died after a house collapsed at Wailong, Sutnga at 5:00 pm on Tuesday.
All the stadiums will have modern facilities to host 15-20 matches.
“Officers of Customs Preventive NER, CGST, BSF, Assam Rifles and DRI explained their experiences, challenges and achievements in border security and implementation of the Customs Act. participate in the Capacity Building and Knowledge Sharing Programme.
Shillong, Lber 13: Congress MP candidate Kennedy Khyriem today filed his nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha MP election at the Returning Officer FG Momin at the office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Police have already said that they have identified the four suspects involved in the robbery, but the charges against them are that they cannot be bailed. they were released after posting bail.
The council together with the World Bank officials will visit the Umkhen River which has started to pollute and also the villages where the rivers flow.
: The Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning seized 454.32 grams of heroin from two persons. Manipuri women riding in a tourist car.
Kharshiing said the State is still providing venues for the National Games.
According to s.6(xiii) of the MOA, the State Govt.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Family members, friends, neighbours, especially the parents of Clara Bansharai Khongsit have mourned the arrival of their beloved son. at his residence in Upper Lumparing this morning.
“When the school was demolished at Khlieh Umwang, we met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui when the Assam Police raided the school.
The Minister said that the fish is not available in the farmland where fertilizers are used, but it is available in the farmland where the farmland is traditionally farmed like in War. They should also inform the agriculture department if they find any problems.
In honor of this great man, the people shouted Bah Hoping.
In the sixth category, Sanida Emi Pakma of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 555 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Khasi.
The House passed all these bills without any discussion within the House.
This hard work of the police has saved many injuries this year.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie led by President Lambokstarwell Marngar, General Secretary Donald Thabah and other leaders left for Sadar Police Station before dawn. Police have arrested the President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle, Eric Nongkynrih.
Speaking to SP News Agency, JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said that the strike has started today across the state according to the venues that have been arranged. on the 29th at the headquarters of the districts.
Shillong, November 20: The Secretary of the Congress Legislative Party, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that Dr Mukul Sangma, who has turned away from the people, has left the Congress party and now he has no right to come and attack them. I'm not a party.
As a group, we will go out to raise awareness of this.
Dear India, Dear countrymen, To fight against water shortage, the Jalshakti Department has been brought in.
The use of pesticides affects the soil, he said.
In a statement, NEHUSU Finance Secretary Mandor Diengdoh said that after the news reached the public, there have been many incidents of allegations against Nantu Das. He said, “After NEHUSU has examined the complaints, it has been found that the complaint has been received by NEHUSU. The perpetrator is often involved in crimes in which the victims are afraid to speak because they are afraid to expose themselves to the world.
Samla DS Malai has worked as a social worker and is currently the Secretary In-Charge of the North Eastern Region of the Human Rights Council of India. HID Foundation Shillong.
The money is to pay for all the expenses of the 5Meghalaya Games 2023 in Tura. The request for more money is because the department does not have enough money.
The Cabinet also approved the report of the National Judicial Commission of the Union Government which was approved in 2017, the same commission was approved to implement the remuneration of court staff. .
Roykupar said the Meghalaya Lokayukta besides having the powers, also has a team to investigate any allegations of corruption, especially those related to the embezzlement of public money.
Startups provide platforms and tools to promote cross-border collaboration and innovation and help countries achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.
Speaking to media on Thursday, Bah Pyniaid said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Service Amendment Rules 2023 will also be introduced in the dorbar. the registration of any applicant shall be the same as that of the State Government.
The Government will take all necessary measures to protect human life.
Beneficiaries who can benefit from this are those who care for children, children from 0 to 8 years of age (including those with disabilities) pregnant women and those who are still ai good.
Shillong, July 20: The 14th Khasi Sein Raij Children's Tournament ended today at Madan Weiking where more than 10,000 people who still hold their traditional religion have attended the tournament. u year.
He also informed Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC, that the Dorbar will meet on the 4th June 2013, at Lumbasuk, Demthring, Shillong, at 11 am. The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India has sent a letter to the Government of Meghalaya to seek the views and opinions of the Government of Meghalaya on the demand of the Chief Executive Members to receive to his own Council according to treaties and promises.
Regarding the beautification of the Khyndailad Market, the UDP demanded that it should be completed as the current situation has affected the state.
The uranium mining industry and the uranium road is the life and death of the Jaitbynriew and therefore requires the cooperation of all the members of the Jaitbynriew from all parts of the State.
The union urges the police to arrest immediately because the threat of murder, the threat of breaking into homes and the threat of destruction of property and property is the responsibility of the police. The police shall not count the number of dewthala.
The announcement was signed by Rajinder Kashyap Additional Secretary to the Union Government and was informed to Meghalaya this evening.
Besides the English language, they will also learn computer skills and knowledge of the customs and traditions of other countries in the world.
However, speaking after leaving the meeting, Bah Pynshngain said that he has not yet decided whether to support the UDP candidate or not to contest but it is up to the UDP. On the other hand, Bah Pynshngianlang said that he will continue to meet with the people before taking a decision whether to contest the mid-term elections from Ranikor. and the decision is up to the people.
“Yes, we have informed the MHA because at any time when we register a case under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, we have to inform the MHA within 10 months,” said DIGHa. Twelve members of the NLCN and including a 16-year-old student have been arrested by the State Police.
One of the leaders who was present to form the party said that the preparations are in progress and all that remains is to register with the Election Commission of India for recognition.
Regarding agriculture, it also includes livestock farming such as cattle farming, fish farming, dairy farming, milk collection, production of milk products, transportation of milk, purchase and sale. agricultural products, storage facilities, manufacturing facilities, packaging facilities and transportation of agricultural products, such as seeds, feed for livestock, including transportation of agricultural products.
The District Council is not an agent of anyone but a constitutional body and the KHADC should come forward to speak out and block this project and if necessary, the state government or the central government should also protect it. The ownership of the District Council should be established.
Shillong, Lber 25: Five candidates have nominated themselves for the Rajya Sabha MP ticket to be held in Shillong. 18th of June.
According to videos spread on social media, the woman did not respect the police inside the police station and there was an exchange of words between her and the policeman at the police station.
Deviani Singh said she wants the law enforcement authorities to give the rights of the mother who was assaulted and is currently undergoing treatment in hospital.
These vehicles will visit the villages to provide information about the beneficial schemes of the Central Government.
She said that the North East should be a leader in the dissemination of education.
The Apple Society Nongstoin and the Pyndengrei Sport and Social Cultural Club are currently organizing the festival. part of life".
The three men came by Torusit to Lad Umsaw in Umiam and boarded a taxi to avoid being searched by the police, the KSU said. After the investigation, the members of the union found that these mynder did not have proper documents. After this, they were handed over to the Mawlai Police Station. punishment for those vehicles which intend to smuggle these foreigners.
In his speech, the Prime Minister explained that the coal mining will be completed in the new fiscal year which will be in accordance with the current scientific era. You must have the permission of the Forest Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
Arunachal Pradesh's revenue increased by 16% from Rs 46 crore in 2020 to Rs 53 crore in 2021, Sikkim's revenue from Rs 225 crore in 2020 to Rs 249 crore in
Why do you hide others, while exposing the members of the party?
In order to accommodate more than 2,000 trainees, the program was held in two parts, one in the morning and the other in the afternoon.
The nomenclature Khasi-Jaintia has been known and used for more than 175 years in these countries of North East India and in India since the time of the Khasi chiefs, the British Government, Federations of Khasi States (1946) Khasi-Jaintia National Federated State Conference (1946) Khasi & Jaintia Hills District (1951) United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District (1952) ) United Khasi & Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (1952).
The State Government has already submitted its recommendations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: St George Higher Secondary School (STS) has celebrated its 32nd Annual Children's Day at the same time as facilitation for the students who came first in the SSLC examinations
to urge the State Government authorities to urgently amend and enforce the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act 1971, before implementing the Industrial Policy with the views of civil society, land owners and Chief Executive Members Hima (stakeholder).5.
During the inspection, it was found that 10 houses have been destroyed by the floods. recently it was completely covered with heavy rain.
According to him, the HNLC has not handed over the list of members whose cases are pending against them.
The festival aims to guide the youth of the country and turn them into a typical force for the development of the country.
Shillong, November 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a T.23 crore park at Sakal A. Duma village on the Nokrek Biosphere Hill. .700 crore from JICA to promote tourism in the state.
Referring to the mid-term elections in Ranikor, three parties in the MDA government have nominated their own candidates, the NPP has nominated Martin M Danggo, the PDF has nominated Bah PN Syiem and the UDP to Mr. Pius Marwein.
Furthermore, the party expresses that it has no confidence in this leader who has turned his head on this issue which affects the life and death of the Jaidbynriew which shows that he has no regard for the small paid Jaidbynriew.
India is one of the best startup hubs in the world, he said, with the number of unicorn startups having nearly doubled since 2021 – a sign of the talent of India's youth.
Meanwhile, the people who came to buy managed to escape.
Shillong, Lber 29: The match between Shillong Lajong FC and Mumbai FC will be played tomorrow morning at 5 pm.
He also launched information and technology initiatives related to the public including Digi SCR, Digital Courts 2.0 and the new website of the Supreme Court.
According to the team, 678 people have been selected as of 13th July 2022. The Australians have found talented children in Mawkyrwat, Ampati, and Tura. 200M Baptist Sports Competition at Ampati, SWGHD, and won the Silver Medal in The 14-year-old has set a record for Meghalaya by running 2.99secs in the 20M sprint.
Others who attended the meeting were Dr. Vijay Kumar CEO of MBMA, DC of East Khasi Hills Laloo.
He also directed the government and the health department to follow the announcements to stay away from each other, to wear masks in public places, not to sleep in public places. which is regulated by the local authorities as well as the police.
“On the directive of the National President of BJP India, Shri JP Nadda Ji, I am pleased to inform you that the BJP will support the candidates of BJP India,” Patra said. NPP in all four seats in Meghalaya (Shillong and Tura).
The districts affected are East Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, East Jaintia Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District.
In the midst of the talks with the police, the President's invitation to all the members to leave the area, the Rangbah Shnong of Umlidoh said against the President. The HYC Nongthliew Circle has urged him to leave as soon as he is not from Diengiei.
Speaking on this occasion, he said that a rate card or list of prices has been prepared for activities such as menus in restaurants.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also launched 30 vehicles of the SF-10 and distributed awards to the 10 best commandos.
Deborah C Marak, Hon'ble Minister I/C Social Welfare Department, Shri Sengnam Marak, Parliamentary Secretary, Fisheries Department, Shri Cherak W Momin, Parliamentarian Shri Vijay Kumar Mantri, DC, East Garo Hills and other government officials.
On the registration of the Election Commission of India, the Prime Minister said nothing will be said in the House but the government will look into what needs to be done.
On the other hand, the KSU has expressed its regret that the food items have been sold to the people.
The Chief Minister said that the goal of the NPP although it is a national party but the thought is to protect the minorities, the party will fight to protect the rights of the indigenous people and the minorities. of the northeastern part of India.
In our lives, we learned many valuable things from our mother.
Therefore, as a former MLA, he urged the people to elect leaders who can work for the entire constituency so that Mawsynram will not lag behind in all aspects.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that the HNLC has sent a letter to the government which cannot be made public and the state government has sent it to the central government so that the talks will reach the goal.
The online application for Schedule Tribes has opened the door for other ethnic groups to get ST certificates and by getting ST certificates they can get many benefits even to hold elections.
According to the complaint, the video she sent to her boyfriend was ringed by herself, with the trust of her boyfriend she sent it and did not think that her boyfriend would upload the video. to friends.
I ask for the support of all Members of this House of Parliament for the measures taken by the government to spread awareness in the community that the pandemic is not over and that we need to continue to be vigilant and take protective measures include proper medication.
In 2009, the EC led by the then CEM had given permission to the Maheshwari Company to inspect for uranium. In 2011, the company was suspended.
The Judokas have won many medals for the state in the past and this time too they hope to win in several weight categories.
This is the figure that has been released by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.
Another problem arises because many of the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs who are replaced from time to time do not know anything about the history of the Federation of Khasi States. Khasi State) and we have also seen that many of the officers of various departments do not know anything about the island which has been agreed and signed between the Khasi States through the Instrument of Accession on 17 August They did not agree and to date there has been no MERGER AGREEMENT – the Hima agreement as more than 700 Himas have been merged to the north.
Recently, the Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel B.Jyrwa, said that NESO would like to remind the people of the North East that on November 11, 2019, despite the strong opposition, The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2019, the Government of India has not been approved and finally through the Rajya Sabha has passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Act. 2019.
There must be the empowerment of people and opening up opportunities for our youth by having skilled educational institutions and where health is not a problem.
On this occasion, the award was also presented with a cash prize according to the rules laid down by the Sports Department.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K. Prasad said that during the two days search operation, police have seized more than Rs 2 lakh from the fines. He said that the police department will continue to search the motorcycles and wheelchairs every day.
Shillong, March 08: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong, one from Ri Bhoi and two from West Garo Hills. after.
Dr Mukul said that there are two types of coal owners in the state, small and large. The government should clarify how to help them so that the small coal owners can work.
The Mawhati Constituency Social and Economic Forum (MLA) has been formed at a meeting to prepare for the 2023 MLA elections. he will be the leader of this group.
This superstition causes destruction and affects human life, as at present there is no custom to teach to destroy the family of people.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: With the goal of helping children and women in need of emergency assistance across Meghalaya, the Social Welfare Department of the State Government on the 14th In April, 2023, it has approved to create 14 posts to implement the Child Helpline Service through the number 1098 so that children can telephone this number in case of any problems. at the same time, the number 181 has been announced to provide assistance to women in the face of any problems.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Water Supply, said that the officers should dedicate themselves to the work for the benefit of the people in the district as a whole. whatever the government does is for the development of the state for the benefit of the people.
At this meeting, Dr Mukul stressed the need to look after the youth to open up opportunities in education so that once they have completed their studies they can stand on their own feet. and that they shall not leave their state to go to other states in search of employment or education.
Although they have not yet completed the entrance to the cave, it has gained the reputation of being the tallest stone cave in India and the third in the world.
The State Government has set up a Special Purpose Vehicles Society to implement this fund for development projects.
The death toll from West Jaintia Hills has risen to 1380, with most of the deaths from West Jaintia Hills. East Khasi Hills District has reported 953 new cases.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Cultural and Sports Club Nongthymmai Wahlakhiat in Danghen has launched a Football Tournament at Wahlakhiat Village Ground in the presence of hundreds of people. including the Village Leaders, Parents, young men and women as well as children along with the risa ka kynhoi.
Shiva Thapa of Assam, Amit Panghalna of Services and Sanjeet of Services won the final matches of 13 bouts.
In another incident, Meghalaya Police and Tripura Police have arrested two persons from Tripura and seized 66 kilos of heroin and two grams of heroin. phone.
KSU, FKJGP, HYC, HITO and others in Shillong, HANM, JSU, JSM and others laid flowers in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah. Kiang Nangbah was honored on this 160th birthday.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Annual General Meeting on Saturday, KAS President Dr.DRL Nonglait said, “We have discussed to intensify the public protest on the demand for the introduction of The Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra by explaining to the villages of Bri u Hynniewtrep and as soon as the new Government is formed in Delhi we will follow up on the demand.
Additional Deputy Commissioner SK Marak and District Horticulture Officer, Williamnagar, BG Momin also delivered speeches at the meeting.
The Seng hopes that through their hard work, minutes and tireless efforts, they will bring glory to the family, the clan, the village and the nation as a whole and especially will be a blessing to the future. yours.
The Chief Minister said that it has been decided to amend the social agreement between the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya and Bharat Broad Band Limited to install more towers to ring mobile phones. What was signed in 2013 has not been implemented, only 15% of the work has been done.
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched a meeting with the MLAs of East Khasi Hills District to discuss the fight against the spread of COVID-19 in the state. state as a whole.
On the other hand, the President of the union informed the public that Nongthymmai is 13 km from Pynursla.
The opposition alleged that this was a violation of the model code of conduct.
Nongstoin, Nailur 11: The Executive Committee of HANM today decided to hold a sit-in protest on the 16th of this month in front of the office of the Deputy. Commissioner of the West Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the staff of Nazareth Hospital hope that the Government will take action to ensure that the laws of the country will prevail, and that people will respect human rights, that the citizens of the country will feel safe.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Cabinet meeting today approved the Meghalaya Miners Minerals Reclamation Fund Management Guideline 2020, which the government has started implementing since 2015 and this is in accordance with the decision of the The High Court said that the money has been collected but the rules are not yet in place as it is still being prepared and now it has reached the Cabinet and the rule has been approved.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Principal of Synod College today submitted a report to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the outcome of the consultation conducted by the College on the issue of poverty. doesn't.
“we should listen to the feelings of others because most of the time, these feelings of others are right.
The GHADC MDC said that this road is the most important road for the people of North Garo Hills where thousands of people pass through this road to go to office, school and many villages. they have to go through it.
Shillong, November 28: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) has taken many measures to address the problem of mobile phone users who have lost their mobile phone services during the talks. a big problem.
At the age of 13, he went to Bokakhat, Dhansrimukh and worked as a farmer.
This decision will affect the residents and school children, especially those with disabilities.
Shillong, March 07: Shillong Police have arrested several blue vehicles operating in Shillong city after they were issued permits by the DTO office only to operate in the rural areas.
Bah P BWarjri in his speech stressed that there should be a goal that this industry should not only produce and supply the state but should also be able to export abroad. or not to come.
The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the fact that despite the fierce struggle to eradicate this alcoholic beverage in the district, it is increasing day by day. people who bring in foreign workers without proper documentation.
Shillong, November 08: The BJP in Meghalaya has sent a message of congratulations to all the party workers in the four states who counted their votes today. The Presidents of Rajasthan, Delhi, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh for their hard work in bringing victory to the party.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the JNC has sent a letter to the PWD office, Khliehriat to inspect this road so that the PWD department can investigate as soon as possible. the measures to clean up the soil to avoid any tragic incident.
Answering questions, the Prime Minister said that those who allege do not understand how the government runs its affairs and how to spend the money, the allegation is groundless.
“The neighbors as soon as they heard about this, they informed me, the Rangbah Shnong.
The employees and officers who have caused this unforgivable mistake and which has caused suffering to the students of Meghalaya should take responsibility for their lack of responsibility.
The Department invites comments on the Bill from those involved in these activities such as experts, those working in the broadcasting industry and individuals.
Shillong, March 31: U Bah Latham Khongsit of Laitmawsiang village under Laitkroh Community and Rural Development Block on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the reply of the BDO regarding his RTI request on roads. inside the village of Lighthouse.
He said that after he left for the program after an hour, the situation at NEHU has changed dramatically.
The KSU said that a proper Mining Policy is needed but the comparison and comparison of uranium with other minerals is a stupid thing which as a nation we cannot accept.
He said that there is still a need for many PHCs and CHCs in Seinduli and other places which have already allocated land to set up PHCs and CHCs, at the same time to help the farmers of the area. who is still valid.
Marak said many of the debris can be seen in the swimming pool and under the newly built stadium.
Charlie Rani President of UHM, while talking to media, said that four families have lost their breadwinners and supporters and demanded that the salary should be increased. families.
According to the SP News Agency, T.25/- tyngka has been allocated for the step, T.30/- tyngka for the step, T.30/- tyngka for the day. T.10/- tyngka has been allocated and T.30/- per day has been allocated for those who are admitted to public hospitals.
The review of the nomination papers will be held tomorrow morning and any candidates who wish to withdraw from the mid-term elections will be held on the 9th of this month.
This will end at the Reward and Recognition Summit, where 270 selected startups will receive cash prizes, certificates and admission to incubation and pre-incubation programmes.
This is an area that needs to be looked into, he said, such as the engineering wing which is still very low.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Opposition Leader Conrad K Sangma has received condolences from all over the country for the assault on HSPDP President Hopingstone Lyngdoh in Nongstoin.
Director, AH and Veterinary Department and Mr. L Stepwar, President, Union of Rangbah Shnong, Krang.
Speaking to reporters, he said that 150 people have registered with Rapido Taxi and four of them are women.
On the National Register of Citizenship (NRC), he said the Congress strongly opposes the foreigners and they should be stopped at the border.
Two youths, Wanboklang Kurbah, 20, of Traw Saitkhlieh and Phibankyntiew Sun, 18, of Marbisu have gone missing from their homes. from the 20th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U Rahul Gandhi, MP & Vice-President AICC, has agreed to look into the issues of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya, so that they can get their own Regional Council without political parties. politics for the rulers from the village, raid to the Dorbar Hima.
The worst cases by district are: East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 55, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi There are 141 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Gavin, who raised the issue at the Zero Hour, said that four months have passed, but the family of Running Nongkynrih, 34, a resident of Jalateng, has not received any money. aid.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the suicide of people inside the police station.
The Chairman said he hoped that the activities of all today would be fruitful and provide assistance to the activities related to the environment of all countries.
Children aged 1 to 2 years should be given half a 400 mg dose of Albendazole and children over 2 years should be given the whole dose.
Many people involved in the illegal construction of these illegal Coke Plants have been identified and arrested.
The teaching given by the 11 elders was to preserve one's own customs and traditions, to earn rights, to love one's own and to respect that of others.
The Hindi film star was welcomed at the Guwahati airport by the organizers of the festival and taken to the venue in Chirang. to the crowd to this festival.
Such activities will also cause serious losses to the residents in the future, said the District Magistrate.
5G technology will open up many opportunities for people.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 377 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District. The total number of cases is
Gilbert G Kharraswai said that the 2019 Dorbar Pyllun Kakur will be held at Rangweng.
The investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Bah Banshai Marbaniang has found that the water pipes running from one side to the other side of the road in Lower Lachumiere have been cut off and this has put in great trouble to the passengers especially during the rainy season. night.
The Chief Minister said that the government will have the criteria for selecting Smart Towns and the government wants all the district headquarters to be recognized as Smart Towns in the coming years. that they are not coming.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The People's Democratic Front (PDF), one of the political parties in the MDA coalition government, today met with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the issue of good for the people - the increase in the price of electricity.
In a meeting with the officers of the Road Construction Department in Tura, the Minister of Road Construction said that the department wants to see that the works that have already been approved are completed. to begin or to be finished.
The body of the driver, Bah Coniwell Thabah, was found at Umlyngka today and police suspect it was a murder.
The amount sent through DBT is more than T.22 lakh crore.
As it appears, you intend to invite all the Seng Kur in March, 2018 to discuss the issue.
Shillong, November 12: The Jaiaw Langsning Women's Wing today closed down the Golden Jubilee Celebration held at the Community Hall Jaiaw Langsning.
However, last night, Assam police searched a vehicle carrying two youths from Umlaper village and shot and beat them.
Shillong, July 17: Various civil society organizations including CSWO, KSU, HNYF, FKJGP and 20 villages in the Diengphatsh area have urged the KHADC authorities to discuss the issue of New Shillong. Township at this meeting tomorrow.
As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, today a group of bikes was launched from the BSF camp at Mawpat, Shillong 01/Nailur/ The bike race will end in Delhi on 16th November
The name of Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh was proposed by Sniawbhalang Dhar as the name of the NPP party. Prestone Tynsong and other party leaders were also present on the occasion. type name.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Shylla said that the state government has made it clear that it will not allocate any more funds to the MCCL. private sector to work with the government in this dewbilat factory.
: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday arrested 15 to 20 drug users from Polo to Demseiñïong while they were smuggling drugs in public places.
The union's visit to these authorities came after a complaint from many class 10 students regarding the issuance of notifications by the MBOSE and the District School Education Officer to order the schools to conduct the selection tests now. month.
The urgent need to take this motion of no confidence in the EC is that the other side says how the EC which doesn't have the majority can pass the budget. The EC has decided whether to hold a motion of no confidence in the case.
He said that this victory brings India's scientific power and takes it to the eternal sky.
Speaking to media, the KSU leader said, “Since we got the state, there are many things that we have not been able to say and have not been able to achieve. Bah Martin N. Majaw (who was able to introduce the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act), and several international leaders.
Leaders of the Union of Cook-cum-Helper last month conveyed to the Central Government the demand to increase the honorarium of school teachers to T.5,0
On the other hand, the union urges the public not to take stingy on this second wave of the disease and the public to follow the rules and regulations issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid the spread of the disease. une you are sick.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination has started today with 51356 students taking the examination at 143 examination centers across the state. other.
Answering questions, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “The issue is that there is a request from all and outside officers who have to get permission from the Prime Minister. the State.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has warned the mother that she is no longer allowed to farm or to stay indoors.
The letter also stated that the party has opposed MS Rao's appointment as Chief Secretary by alleging that there have been cases where the officer has been appointed as Chief Secretary. did.
The residents of the area said that the leaders and ministers do not know how much the residents are suffering from the deterioration of the road because if their children get sick they are taken by plane from the air for treatment. from Guwahati to Vellore.
New Delhi, November 29: More than 2 crore people attended the Antyodaya ceremony to mark the provision of health services to all places following the faith in Antyodaya. health camps held during the Visit Bharat Yatra.
The EE of PWD, Village Leaders including the Rangbah Shnong of Lumparing, Rangbah Shnong, Women and Youth were present at the inauguration ceremony.
Speaking to u SP News, many of the people who came from Shillong to buy food said that if the government allows two days it will help them to buy necessary items in their villages. At the same time, the number of shops in the villages has remained the same without any increase.
The total number of cases in the state is 1035, East Khasi Hills 662, Army 243, Civilian 28, West Khasi Hills 28, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ri Bhoi , East Jaintia Hills 12 West Garo Hills 215, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Gato Hills 3 and North Garo Hills
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: A meeting was held between the Deficit School Teachers Association of Meghalaya and the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Rebecca Suchiang today. Ambrose Ch Marak to talk about the work of teachers of deficit schools.
“As a responsible Sordar Shnong, we have taken these two men to the Dorbar Hall of the village so that we can rescue them from any incident,” said the Sordar.
These sohtruns in the state are cultivated without the use of any pesticides, and this has reduced the presence of pests in the soh.
According to the legend, on 31st March, while in bed, he held a special prayer for the District Council and for the border, which he has not seen since then.
The number of cases in the districts is 17 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from Ri Bhoi and 3 from West Garo Hills.
Police have recovered a wireless set, a pistol, a magazine and demand letters from the suspects.
When I tried to look through the RTI I received from the Planning Department of the State Government through the State Plan Outlay from the fiscal year 2007-2008 to 2015-2016 which shows the receipt of funds through the Budgeted The outlay allocated by the Central Government and the receipt of funds in all these years has amounted to Rs.3,00,032.00 crore in the Transport Department alone.
The purpose of the delimitation committee is to regulate the majority and minority in the different constituencies, so that it will be the same for all, he said.
The Chief Election Commissioner, Rajiv Kumar, while announcing the dates of the 2024 elections, said that the spread of false news is one of the problems along with the use of money, power. and violation of the MCC regarding the stability of the electoral process.
Other speakers on the occasion were Kimfa S Marbaniang, Zenith Sangma, Sosthenes Sohtun, Process T Sawkmie, Esmatur SG Mominin, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Adelbert Nongrum, Lambor Malngiang and Rakkam A. Try.
Although the party has already taken this decision, it has not yet announced its candidate as talks are ongoing to fight for only one candidate from the ethnic parties against him. Congress candidate.
Francis G Mawlong explained the demands of the party and acknowledged that only the ILP can protect the identity of our Jaidbynriew.
These leaders of these parties gave speeches on the occasion as a confirmation of themselves and the party, and on the part of Bah Wanlam Mawkdoh said that his presence with the BJP is very important. caused Him to deceive the multitude.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the new building at Ampati police station, he said the government has now considered where to locate these police stations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the Minister in charge of Agriculture, on Saturday held a meeting with the strawberry farmers in Syntung, Mawkynrew Constituency. to promote this type of agriculture along with other agricultural activities.
In this regard, the Nongpoh MLA urged the government to take all necessary measures to implement this ringum scheme in the capital of the district.
Bah DD Lapang in his speech said that there is no doubt that what the Sengbhalang demands is to protect the minorities in the state. and to other nations.
Other speakers at the rally were Bah Boby Basaiawmoit, HYC leader and village officials of the area.
Similarly, the National Education Policy focuses on addressing the shortage of digital services to bring about order in education for disadvantaged students.
The UDP has taken seriously the allegations made by the leader of the rebel group which is currently in a ceasefire with the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: “I have been expelled from the National People's Party (NPP) because I followed the rules of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“The people want to know from the Government what the Emergency is.
In 2007-2008, the income was T.2000/- and in 2018-2019, the income was T.7,500/-. The office has issued an order ban ban anyone from fishing.
The North Eastern Region of India has a lot of jhur from the forests and people use it in the kitchen and sell it in the market. Jowai, Lber 19: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) Central Body (AJYWO) has organized a meeting to discuss the issue of jhur in the market. The District Council of West Jaintia Hills District has urged the district authorities from West to East Jaintia Hills District to expedite the release of compensation to all those land owners. GR Infra Project Ltd. has completed the construction of the NH 44 road from Soomer, WJHD to Malidor, EJHD so that the construction of the NH 44 can be completed as soon as possible for the benefit of the passengers. He built the road and especially the villages on both sides of the road to avoid any tragic incidents.
It is the share that has been allocated according to the customs and traditions; it is the share that has been inherited from our ancestors.
At the party office, Bah AL Hek MLA congratulated those who came to take part and this march today will spread and let the people vote for the BJP in the upcoming elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem today sent his condolences to the families of those 17 persons who lost their lives due to the a man who has no sense of responsibility for the lives of others who are in his hands like the driver of a car.
If they do not bring the register, the office will not release the rice.
On this occasion, MAWU expressed its gratitude to the government for releasing the funds from ABS and APS amounting to T.26 crore.
Tiewlinda Songthiang from Jongksha-B and Sitamary Nongrum from Jongksha-B were also honored on the occasion. The awards for the year 2015-2016 were presented by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Joypur, Agreng, Rangthali, Rangthali, Rangseng, Rangseng, Mawkuru B, Porthyrnang, Nongmai, Mawdongkiang, Mawdongkiang, Mawdongkiang, Mawjain, Mawjain, Mawkyllon, Mawkyllon, Mawkhor, Mawjain and Mawjain. ), Riangtheit, Mawkumkha, Tynhiang, Mawpomblang, Mawkdep, Thaiem, Porshieh, Mawkhar, Mawpon, Nongdirang, Mawkhar, Tynrong, Pormawthar.
Besides these, the Khasi musicians and dancers from Laitkor Parish also performed their dance and phawar along the procession route.
Dr. Jim P. Marak, Associate Professor, Department of Botany, Union Christian College, was the chief guest. Pastor, Principal of the school, Kong Fidaline W. Chyne, teachers and parents of the students.
According to Bah Michael Syiem, this Act has not been implemented.
Speaking to reporters, Paul Lyngdoh said that he has studied the border demarcation with the Assam government for Kamrup District.
During the meeting, the Vice President spoke to the Prime Minister of Nepal where they can work together on many issues for the development of income generation between the two countries. and most importantly, there should be a railway line connecting these two countries among other development projects.
This terrible incident reminds us of the saying of the elders who used to remind us that it is wrong to give a sword to a child lest he kill himself.
They can also send it to the Complaint Box set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mairang. Commissioner (Supply)  of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The union leader said the incident did not happen during the union's office blockade.
In fact, as an MLA, he should have shown publicly how he has implemented his other schemes such as the Construction of Rural Roads Program (CRRP), Intensive Arts and Cultural Development Program (IACDP), Intensive Sports and Youth Development Program (ISYDP). , Chief Minister Special Rural Development Fund and others.
On the other hand, the Union Minister called upon the Archbishop to work with the Central Government for the development of the state, to bring peace and stability and expressed his gratitude to the Archbishop. Christians who have contributed to India in the field of education and health facilities.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the union's opposition to the central government's announcement is that according to the announcement, if the central government wants to take any land or implement Schemes that are considered to be important for the country do not have to be consulted by the public.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Saturday as part of the JETS 24×7, which is one of the first groups in the state to receive the JETS 24×7 The union has held a ceremony at its office at Mawlai Kyntonmassar, in the presence of leading leaders of the union. as well as members of JETS 24×7
The demand is that the government should immediately repair the transformer at Nangalbibra, as it is from this place that the digital power is distributed to the two districts of South Garo Hills and South Garo Hills. in East Garo Hills.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Meghalaya government today set up three Regional Committees to look into the remaining seven border areas with Assam, Langpih in West Khasi Hills. Hills District Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-II in Ri Bhoi District, Psiar – Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District;
The Minister said that the government will not force anyone to get vaccinated against COVID-19, but if you have many diseases, take this vaccine for yourself. body from the spread of the virus.
On 24th February a final on Recurve Men individual Punjab University Patiala represented by Pawab won a Gold Medal, Lovely Professional University Punjab represented by Mrinal Chauhan a Silver medal and Punjab University Patiala represented by Jaswinder Singh back Bronze medal.
The prize money for the elite group is 1 lakh tyngka for the first place, 70,000 thousand tyngka for the second place and 50,000 thousand tyngka for the third place.
Sutnga, who announced the launch of the Championship, also presented a check to the President of AMKA, Bah Hunlang Lytan and General Secretary Ksan Warjri for the support and implementation of the Championship. Association does not work.
Once again, the KSU appeals to the Meitei brothers and sisters to ensure that the Khasi in Manipur should live in peace and harmony, so that the relationship will be close. between the Khasi and the Meitei will remain strong.
On the night of the 24th, despite the cold weather, Christians from different religions left their homes to go to church to pray and to pray in order to welcome the coming of the Lord. Jesus as the Savior of the world.
Dr. Jalaj and Constable Dharamveer Singh of 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya have been awarded the PMMS for their bravery. his.
Dr. Wandamika said that the suspension of food water testing will be from 26/October/2024 to 19/June/2024, which is for 25 days. come.
To provide telephones to all the villages, the Chief Minister said the central government has allocated T.3911 crore for Meghalaya so that the villages can get mobile phones.
The exact reason is not known what led him to commit this crime without thinking of losing his life. at home they told him not to walk young.
At this meeting, the PDF also handed over the proposals of the party to the NPP and signed a memorandum of understanding between the President of the PDF and the NPP. Speaking at the meeting, he praised the party for its ability to join hands with the NPP in a beautiful manner without leaving or lyndep the supporters before taking this decision. He said that as the President of the party, he will take action for the two constituencies, including Sohra and Mawkynrew constituencies. other constituencies.
Government measures to improve electricity consumption have also been successful.
Junal Momin, 22, of the village was first arrested and tied with a bomb. After this, they arrested Laban T Sangma and u Changtial P Momin and handed them over to the police.
Minister Kharlukhi said that the Hima urges the people to come forward to get vaccinated against the COVID-19 pandemic which the state is fighting hard to prevent. a disease that affected trade.
Shillong, July 12: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday congratulated the mother of a mother who tested positive for COVID-19 and gave birth to a son. day at NEIGHIRMS Hospital.
When we look at this tower we see that it has started to collapse and it is no longer as strong as before and this will pose a threat if it collapses at any time especially now that the rainy season has started and it can also bring them. “We hope that the district authorities will take action as soon as possible,” said Oristar Langte, General Secretary, KSU Ranikor Circle.
The old executive committees have taken the initiative to build this Khasi village on this site to showcase to the world the customs and traditions of the Khasi who fall under the 54 Himas.
The media tour was led by Jaydevi Pujari Swami, Deputy Director, PIB Mumbai with the support of PIB Shillong, PIB Guwahati and DDK Shillong.
Helen Giri not only participates in many programs and festivals, but also organizes festivals to promote traditional songs and dances in Meghalaya.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Mr Kishan said he received the government announcement at 9 pm at his home and today at 11 pm he handed over the post to the Singh through Sangma to temporarily look after the post until the retirement of the DG. Kishan said he has held the post for four years and six months and has already written to the government this month. However, the government has not listened and it was not until the night of the 26th that he was dismissed.
HANM (CB) will hold a meeting on the 22nd of this month in Shillong and the party will send letters to all the civil society organizations of Hynniewtrep and they are welcome to attend.
: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on July 1, 2023, has ended his 221-hour strike, 10 days after he started his strike. The NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has called for an indefinite curfew from 23rd June, 2023 to review the State Reservation Policy. , 1972.
The JGWS was constructed in two phases, the first phase in 1980 at a cost of Rs 95 lakh and the second phase in 1985 at a cost of Rs 25 lakh.
The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, who took part in the program as the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to take part in this year's celebration.
Fourteen people from Jhalupara, four from Rilbong, while those from Anjalee, Motphran and Khyndailad have not yet received their results.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the country have gathered to take part in this rally.
Regarding this demand of the union, the government has not yet given any promise to the union whether it will implement or not the order issued on the 2nd of this month to evict the union. I am the DC of Jowai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Cabinet meeting has also decided that the NCERT textbooks for school children will be taken from the NCERT textbooks. This will be done by the MBOSE from now on and this will start from the new academic year this will be from Class I to Class X. These schools will be from Class I to Class V. The Prime Minister said that the reason for this is that they have a concern for the education as a whole.
In these nine years of rapid international changes, India has done what is necessary and because of this it has the potential to rise further internationally.
The HYC has sent a petition to the Shillong Municipal Board to remove the garbage dump at Motphran. the bread has become like a street in the middle of the city.
In his speech, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting of the Union Government for the support and this is to encourage the filmmakers of this region to showcase their films. There is a lot of culture and traditions in this state.
He said that the Clan Bill was introduced and passed when Bah HS Shylla became Chief Executive Member in 2018 to strengthen the Kurs in Khasi Hills. The Lat of the State shall be appointed to the Council.
Speaking at the meeting held at Vivanta, the Chief Minister said that this is to facilitate traffic and this will help to reduce traffic jam, this is to help reduce traffic congestion. under the present Shillong Diengpasoh road which connects to New Shillong Township which passes through Nongmynsong and Ishyrwat.
Meanwhile, the office bearers of HANM East Jaintia Hills District are Monkini Shylla, General Secretary Shaniahlang Suchen and others who hold various positions along with members of the Executive Committee.
The Blood Donation Cell of the Seng would like to congratulate all the members of the Seng who have taken part in this blood donation and believe that through this blood donation they will be a blessing to many. precious human souls who can get help through this blood.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla in his speech said that the House should run according to the existing rules. Rule 123 and if this is not clear, the Governor of the State should be informed.
The woman, aged 35, was seen walking upstairs of the railway station.
This will be the first time that the students will have to write their fingerprints to ensure that there will be no fraud. which stores carbon.
If the state government can convince the central government to convert this road into a National Highway, it will help in traffic and shorten the road as this road will connect with Jagiroad in Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The filing of nominations for the election of the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has ended at 10 pm today. Andrew Shullai of the Congress party has been nominated.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The All Meghalaya Malaria Programmed Workers Association (AMMPWA) has temporarily suspended its strike from 3 pm today, following the decision of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today. He said that he knew the plight of the victims and he would take action.
The Block Congress Committees have already met and are now in the District Congress Committees and the MPCC will decide next month to elect the candidates.
During the meeting, Bah Chyne CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC has directed the Interim Syiem of Nongspung Hima to inspect and the report should be submitted. The KHADC will take a decision after this.
No public meeting shall be held to contest an election without permission.
Shillong, Lber 07: The Confederation of Ribhoi People (CORP) Jirang Circle under the leadership of Nongpoh Circle President Samla Rolan Lyngdoh on Tuesday inspected dozens of timber factories in Nongrim Jirang. This page is located in the Foundation.
Shillong, November 11: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, while taking part in the Wangala Thanksgiving celebration held at Chibagre, West Garo Hills District, urged the people to the state to establish a new state.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle on Saturday confirmed two offices under the jurisdiction of the KSU Jowai Circle.
We strongly condemn why we were not given permission but why other parties were given permission,” he said.
He said that the seizure of smuggling last year was worth T.39.47 crore.
Shillong, Natiung 07: U Bah E Lyngdoh Engineer of Mawsynram PWD Division on Tuesday said that the collapse of the road has caused severe damage and the PWD will do its utmost to repair the road within a day. complete it.
The HYC has demanded that the NEIGRIHMS should allocate funds for the state without taking the NEET examination. The rules for the youth of this state because they have worked for a long time should be allowed to apply because even AIIMS Delhi has not followed the rules properly.
Many of the teachers enter the job as Assistant Teachers and retire at the same rank. day.
In her speech, Amika Marwein expressed her gratitude to her parents and family members for their support and also to all the teachers of Seventh Set School who have guided her.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: There are 38 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in East Garo Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. The total number of deaths was
According to the order issued by the State Government through the State Mission Director on 31st March, 2016, the salary of SSA teachers who have completed their qualifications under the RTE Act 2009 and according to the NCTE norm. class XII and 45 percent in class XII as well as those who have completed D.El.
Shillong, March 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) Justice. Arun Kumar Mishra.
Shillong, July 05: Those who have asked why they did not come to take part in the VPP strike, will have to ask whether it is the minister of the government and when the meeting with the ministers of the VPP has been confirmed. “One country to cancel the meeting by saying that some political parties who have been banned in Shillong have to leave,” said Bah Paul.
The Executive Committee has decided to fine the CFO 100,000 per month and the Forest Officer 50,000 per month. and this money has been counted from the salary, this fine will continue until the office has received all the money which they have stolen from these two persons.
“This letter from the Under Secretary of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya is illegal and against the customs and traditions and against the laws of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage. Act, 1997 and the Rules have not been amended.
Shillong, Lber 21: Four persons from East Khasi Hills District have tested positive for COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of cases to Two new cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries to 13837 and the number of recoveries to
The GEC decided to hold the election for the office bearers of the party on 22nd June
The Minister in charge of Electricity said that the total cost of implementing the scheme is T.657.75 crore and in the last six months, electricity has been provided to all the villages. 500 villages in the state.
On the GNLA's readiness to come to the peace talks, the GNLA leader said that they respect the call of the Governor Dr KK Paul and at the same time the government will release him. Champion to be the leader of this peace talks.
Police have written to the banks to cancel the accounts of these people while the investigation is ongoing.
Eliza Lyngdoh scored 17 runs from 19 balls while Libashisha Khonhngaiñ scored 3/9 runs from 3 overs.
“This has not been stopped due to the lack of machines that can test the gender of the child,” said Suhas Chakma, Director of the ACHR in a report.
There will be 50 types of schemes selected from all districts and the winners of the competition from the state will be selected to take part in the national competition. This was announced by the Joint Secretary, Planning Department and Member Secretary, SCSTE, Government of Meghalaya.
In his speech, he said that as MeECL and the Government of Meghalaya want the residents of the area to go back to the age of darkness when the whole world is moving towards light.
We are surprised as the party because for three years since the establishment of the party we have conducted raids on foreigners throughout the Bri u Hynniewtrep but no one has been arrested. member of the organization is unfounded.
The government has sanctioned Rs 100,000 to be distributed to the families of the victims.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Shillong Police on receiving a tip-off have arrested two persons identified as Gopal Saha and Justin Jackson from Laitumkhrah. A golden tin was seized and the team was found to be in possession of drugs.
Therefore, the union has informed the principal to look into and correct this mistake and to issue other sweaters with the correct writing and spelling which belongs to Mawlai.
In the strengthening of electoral campaigns in the past three phases, the Commission is ensuring that there will be no attempts to persuade the electorate by benefiting them and has directed the CEOs and law enforcement agencies to strengthen their surveillance.
On the same day, the Chief Minister laid the foundation stone of the St Thomas Stadium with a donation of T.10 lakh from the CMSDF. that they will continue to train themselves in sports.
During this visit, a heated argument broke out outside the office between the President of the party, Bah Lius Dohdthong, the opposition members, the Basan of the Nongkseh Raid and the people of Mylliem Hima.
Before taking the decision to join the NPP, she had a meeting with the supporters in the constituency and it was understood that she took the decision to join the NPP, which is the National Party. Meghalaya's party has nothing to do with it.
The Third Pay Commission has approved, but they have not received the Fourth Pay Commission and this has approved to increase the DCRG to T.10 lakh and this is what the teachers have requested. The government will respond to the deficit of teachers because this demand is legitimate.
Shillong, November 8: Police of Pillanghata Out Post and Umiam Police Station today seized 1052 rounds of AK-47 rifle from 9mile in Baridua, Ri Bhoi District.
“But as I said, the road and various groups also have to be involved, we need to explain from all sides and this will continue," he said. It was a big job and we also conveyed it to Delhi.
When asked, Bah Lyngdoh said no one can urge the RDA to stop contesting the MP elections. “No one can tell us to withdraw from the contest.
Shillong, March 11: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) East Khasi Hills District today held a special meeting to strengthen the party in different constituencies. also appointed several party office bearers to fill the vacancies in the party.
On this occasion, the preparations for the cleaning of Wahumkhrah, the cleaning of the garbage were also shown at the meeting and the cooperation with the village leaders was also discussed.
Answering a question regarding the sale of land by the people who have given their land in RR Colony, the Minister said that this was done in accordance with the Assam Land Regulation Act the government allocates land on the basis of documentation.
As the party, we urge the land owners to refrain from allocating land to the Border Guard Force to set up the Battalion Headquarters in the area.
Suchen said that until now the BSF troops and the border residents have not understood each other at all because there is a lack of language and this has caused more problems to the residents.
The longer you can produce, the more you will benefit, this is India's policy.
It has decided to nominate Bah Lephrin Lawai as the party's candidate for the MDC election from Sohryngkham Constituency next year.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Police today arrested three leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills Unit of Ri Bhoi District. .
Until I have received a concrete promise from my side, I will not give up my position.
Those who wish to participate can call the following numbers for more information No.9862236990/9 This is the tympang club playground.
The General Secretary of the San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (SSYWO), Bah Lionel Nongkhlaw, in an interview with Batesi TV, said that the Forest Department is quick to evict the shopkeepers in Umdiengpun. to hold a market after the state has suffered from the COViD-19 pandemic in the past years.
To prevent accidents, the use of mining machinery is prohibited.
Shillong, July 20: Students of Army School Happy Valley have won the drawing and writing competition organized by the Government of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills. Hills District – Disaster Management Authority Shillong.
: I was called Stadtihsani because I didn't have the knowledge I needed to win the title of salonsari.
He said that in these days the government jobs for the youth have been reduced even if they have a sufficient education, but they have to have a specially trained syrnot. and the syrnod that they had trained themselves.
The BJP leader should understand that the Congress cannot win alone in the GMC elections. Tarun Gogoi said the Congress party has done many things for them. “It is for this reason that the people have elected the Congress to hold the GMC alone. Hab ai is the border settlement with Bangladesh,” said the Chief Minister of Assam. This arrangement has brought benefits to Assam and Assam has benefited more.
There have been 597 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
Ed) of the year
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Educational Cell, congratulates and wishes all the students of Hynniewtrep, who will sit for the SSLC, HSSLC and other examinations. different in the next few days.
On this appeal, the Supreme Court has ruled that it is necessary to hold the examination but the Supreme Court has also ruled that the examination can be postponed for a while. In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya has held talks with the North Eastern Hills University for discussion and after discussion it has been decided to write to the UGC and The examinations will be held from 7th March to 30th March 2020 and the results will be released on 31st March
On the other hand, the Hima has decided that the Syiem and the Ministers have decided to continue to search for other signs and symbols that the Syiem Tirot has signed in the Hima. for he is a great king.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma and his Cabinet were also present to witness the ceremony. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal and others were also present. The opposition in the Legislative Assembly was led by Dr Donkupar Roy.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
It may be recalled that the new Executive Committee appointed by the NPP within the KHADC, Bah Pyniaid as CEM, has brought a resolution against the proposal to implement the UCC and the House has approved it.
He said that it is an honor for the school because in the Meghalaya government there is another minister who is a student of the school, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare. people from this state who have graduated from this school.
The party said that it has nothing against the former MLA, but it cannot accept this.
The villagers came forward to share their experiences after receiving government schemes.
Our two countries have close ties in the energy sectors.
The weight of the Ganja seized today is 400 kilos.
Eldie said the Sengbhalang congratulates all the people who have supported the protest to demand the ILP and urged all the paradoh parasnam to continue their strong support to force the government to Implement the ILP to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and foreigners.
At the meeting on Friday, the Seng in the petition said that these people who live in Maxwelton Estate have got light bording by stealing or taking connection with people who have meter light.
Regarding the AFSPA, the Prime Minister did not promise anything but said that a group of MPs would be sent to consider the AFSPA. find the truth.
meghalaya@gmail.com.
It is also said that Tdan (name sin) Shadap was killed in a very painful manner, by burying him alive and the bapli died in a very painful death.
The residents of these villages have gathered to meet the Prime Minister and express to him the problems they are facing by submitting a petition regarding the need for development works in the area. region.
Mawkyrwat MLA Reniktone L Tongkhar in his speech praised Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew for his hard work in developing the talents of the youth which will also become an employment opportunity. You can get jam through various training sessions.
In a letter, the Minister of Meghalaya said that the opinion of the people should also be taken into consideration as many of those who oppose this including the civil society organizations from this state as well as their opposition to the long that it affects the environment.
Samla Lamare has become a prominent footballer in India when he was selected to play for the Indian National Team.
The Chief Guest was the Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah K.Langstieh while the Symbud Chief Guest was Minister MB Kharlukhi.
The union understands that the biggest challenge for the state government will come after the end of the fight against Corona Virus.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today announced that a person who has tested positive for COVID-19 after four times has tested positive.
He said that the issues related to the rights of the residents of Them Iewmawlong have now been resolved, and it is through the hard work of the Meghalaya Government, the Harijan Panchayat Committee and other groups to reach an understanding.
They urged the Chairman of the HLC to expedite the matter so that they can be relocated.
Furthermore, the union urges the state government to strive to complete the entry and exit points immediately and to enact more laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners.
“The KSU believes that this is an illegal act,” said Bah Kharsati.
India currently ranks second in the Global Retail Index.
“There have been many incidents of torture and killing of our people by the residents of Assam living on the border of Jaintia Hills,” said the petition.
The meeting was conducted by Longshai Nongkhlaw, Rangbah Shnong Mawkynroh Umshing. Lassing Diengdoh, General Secretary Mawkynroh Umshing Village was also present.
The union urges the relevant government authorities to punish the violators and especially not to allow the illegal immigrants to enter the village and the Shella area as a whole.
On the other hand, the Secretary said that the office will now have to send this letter to the Governor to accept the resignation of the Chairman and they will wait for the order from the Governor's Office. The election for the election of the CEM of KHADC has been scheduled today.
Therefore, if the government shows its shortcomings in relation to the road, the party will not boy cut even the MDC election, because what is the point of electing a leader just for his own benefit? HANM-EJHD Leader Samla Ency W Shadap said in a statement.
This was announced at the meeting held on July 5,
The two companies that spoke at the meeting were Shatang Valley Ferro Alloy Private Limited. They have not yet taken a decision on the factory as they are still waiting for the reports. Mawlein, Rynga and also produce electricity through coal. After receiving the report, they will sit down again to take a decision.
I urge the Chief Ministers of all the North Eastern states to work hard to achieve this," he said.
Shillong, Lber 04: Police and BSF troops today seized 33,000 illegal drugs.
“Based on the annual budget of T.12.46 crore and the Revised Annual Budget of T.23 crore, which shows a difference of T.10.22 crore, the Government has also taken care of the “This proposal is awaiting approval,” he said.
During the inspection, it was found that there is a shortage of toilet facilities for the students and it was decided to immediately repair what should be done and other facilities that need to be repaired. improve.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Legislative Office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has misrepresented the swearing-in ceremony of the MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“Ka seng strongly opposes if the office appoints foreigners in these vacancies because these foreigners are from Uttar Pradesh and there are 11 people who want to get these jobs,” he said. said Lambokstarwell and urged the Selection Committee to elect or appoint the villagers of these districts.
In the women's category, Shimtihun Lyngdoh and D Kharbani (WKH) beat NA Sangma and SWD Shira (WGH) 21-12, 21-1
New Delhi, March 01: The Central Reserve Police Force in collaboration with the Women and Child Development Department will hold a nationwide march with the Yashaswini march group to celebrate the power of women or Nari Shakti. of the country.
Regarding the government's wish, he said that the government will remove the bulb lights which are used all the time but will train the people to “The Central Government is ready to provide these bulbs in the short session,” said Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
However, he declined to answer by saying that the appointment and removal of government ministers is what they usually do.
Johny Nongrum, who fought in the Main Event, was defeated by his Australian opponent, Shoshi Friendrich.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited the family of Bah Neck Wahlang at Nongbrei Nongdom.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Nationalist People's Party (NPP) candidate Conrad Kongkal Sangma has won the election. MP mid-term from 2-Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency.
Police have registered a case under Section 376 IPC and Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
Shillong, July 24: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday distributed certificates to the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills at the District Library in the presence of three MLAs from Jaintia Hills.
Bah Nongrem said that there are many other issues to be addressed but for now they will start with these two issues as he is still taking over as president of the NPYF in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber, 03: The Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram Circle on Friday decided to convene the Executive Committee of the FKJGP, Mawsynram Circle, to take strong decisions against the FKJGP, Mawsynram Circle. The Sengbhalang of this area has sent a letter to the Health Department of the State Government to demand the immediate removal of Dr. Habamut Lyngdoh, who has provided services to the Mawsynram CHC, alleging that he has this health facility as a financial institution.
Replying to the border issue between Meghalaya and Bangladesh, Chief Minister Cornad said that this has been the case since 1947 and in this arrangement there are two border areas. Bangladesh has 11 border crossings with India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Nongkrem Niam Shad of the Hima Khyriem has ended today amidst the festivities in which thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills have flocked to the venue to witness the fiesta. which is held every year in November.
Allantry urged the Chief Election Commissioner to look into this so that those farmers who are entitled to receive it will not lose this benefit which the government has opened up for them.
The opening of this bridge will provide convenience not only to the people of Ri War area which has dozens of villages in the area, but especially to the BSF troops who guard the India-Bangladesh border. .
Tura, June 17: The Municipal Board of Garo Hills District has opened its gates in South Garo Hills before the election.
Shillong, March 15: Thirteen political parties in the state today met and decided to stand firm on the same ground to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). at the same time they have decided to hold a 24 hour Pakhang Shnong or Bandh.
Pangniang recently said that the party will not summon these two MLAs for what they have done but let the people give their answer in 2023 that the state will go to the elections. elect a new member of the State Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The Sengbah U Nongshat Nongkhein Hynniewskum, today 3rd June 2021, held its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Ceremony. of Baniuñ, Mylliem Kingdom.
Three cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills and two cases from West Garo Hills, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 92181 so far.
The delegation also visited Wapung Higher Secondary School, St. Joseph's Parish and Cathedral, Shillong.
If this can be done only during these rainy months, it will greatly protect the traffic of the people.
: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit on Thursday informed the Minister of State in charge of the General Administration Department, Rakkam A. Sangma regarding the absence of a Meghalaya House in Bangalore, Karnataka due to the lack of Meghalaya House. This has caused a lot of trouble especially to the students and residents of Meghalaya who go to Karnataka for poor work.
From many of these cases, children have become pregnant and have physical and health consequences, which are even more severe when they are rejected by the family or are orphans.
He said that the opening of this road will help reduce the traffic jam in Mawlai by 30%.
The polling officers who left today went to four polling stations, namely Nongriat, Umblai which has two polling stations, Ku-Nongrim and Sohkhmie.
On behalf of the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling, the Chief Guest in his speech, congratulated the company for bringing this project to Mylliem C&RD Block and on the part of the Minister, the Minister gave his support. project and to be implemented throughout the state.
On the death of Bah Robert G Lyngdoh, people from all over the country have come to his residence to express their condolences on this tragic incident. to the body.
The Sambal sub-scheme is for the welfare of women and the Samarthya sub-scheme is for the empowerment of women.
The Director of Information and Broadcasting, Meghalaya, has announced the closure of tourist attractions in Meghalaya.
LG was educated at Sainik School, Karnal, Defense Institutions of the National Defense Academy Khadakvasla and Defense Services Staff College, Wellington.
Paiem Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw, delivered the closing speech and welcome speech. , Sirdar Hima Mawdon (the Hima on the Bangladesh border) are as follows, and these decisions will be sent to the Government of India and the State Government to look into these issues which require the amendment of the Constitution. in India.1.
It is on this basis that this election has been contested in a public manner and for this reason the opposition has stood together to contest this election and the specialness of this presidential candidate to the presidential electorate. They shall elect the President of the country by consensus.
Other office bearers of the party are Rocky Hek, Anil Pargil, Ajay Singhania, Jake S Majaw, Jonathan Iawphniaw, Shyam Singhania and Suresh Singh. Shillong Club Ltd.
The BJP does not want Rahul Gandhi to have a relationship with the people.
There is a conspiracy among these people even to get other documents like Driving License from Meghalaya which puts our small and unified community at great risk.
The summons of Bah Donlang Nongbri came more than a day after the President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, was summoned by the Lumdiengjri Police Station on the allegation that the Secretariat was a crematorium. touch.
The Army said that this is the first time that Sarang helicopters have been deployed in the North East today in Shillong. The army also to deploy them in high places like Shillong.
As part of the ceremony, Frederick D Hynniewta gave a speech on the new National Education Policy. good for culture and customs.
B Sohtun President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongtung Raid Block II, said that the Rangbah Shnongs of the UKPO have no knowledge and have nothing to do with the UKPO. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (URA) has made it clear that if there is any group, they should inform and should not invite themselves without the knowledge of the Rangbah Shnongs.
The meeting was chaired by Mr. John F Kharshiing, Chairman.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today responded to the Zero Hour question brought by Nahim D Shira on the shooting death of three civilians by the police in North Garo Hills District, the Chief Minister has accepted the demand to appoint a Judicial Inquiry to investigate the incident to find out the facts.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Education Cell CEC today met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakham Sangma to discuss the delay in the distribution of food items for the students of the state. for the year 2022 –
The CoMSO also demanded that the Meghalaya government should not introduce the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Amendment Bill
Also present at the meeting was the President of Sahsniang, Pynhun Chulet.
The party leaders Arphul Kharbani and Gabriel Sohlang are not murderers.
The BJYM demands that a Judicial Inquiry or CBI should be appointed if there is any conspiracy between the Coal Mafia and the police or politicians to investigate the case. They were covered by the riew paid bah.
From this agreement, India will give Bangladesh 111 villages from Assam and Bangladesh will receive only 51 villages.
Jowai, Naitung 16: The Jaintia Youth Federation Central Body (JYF) has expressed its deep concern over the lack of responsibility of the leaders of the JHADC to look after the life and death of the Jaitbynriew as it was founded in the country. The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India for the protection of the rights of property, customs and land to conclude or complete a social agreement (MoU) between various dewbilat companies which have The factory is located in East Jaintia Hills.
The results of the third election of the KSU were announced by the Chairman of the Election Committee, Bah Danny Khyriem. of the KSU for the term 2017-2
On this occasion, the party has organized a march from Ladthlaboh to the District Library, Mynthong with the performance of Dongmusa, Tem Ksing, Tem Bom and Jingphawar.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee Rgh Païa B Synrem. Rgh DL Nongbri Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie and Member of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 412 people have tested positive for COVID-1 There are 3994 of them today.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Answering a question by Miani D Shira, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhlang Dkhar, said that the government has a plan to implement the Baljek Airport in Wet Garo Hills Tura.
According to estimates, the UDP will contest between 35 and 40 constituencies, the AITC will contest between 25 and 30 constituencies, the BJP will contest between 15 and 20 constituencies and other parties will contest. between 10 and 15 constituencies.
At this meeting, they discussed many of the issues that the party has demanded from time to time from the central government which are still pending and various governments that have come to the country.
He said that the ration vendors will provide the ration from the area where the water has been drained and the ration distributors welcome the government's proposal to implement the e-scale machine but the ration will not be supplied. From the place of origin, it shall weigh 50 kilos per person and shall not be less than that.
However, Bah Titos replied by saying that it is a truth that cannot be hidden but he concluded his speech on this issue by saying, “I didn't mean to hurt you but I just spoke to you. The truth is so that the people know what this politics means here,” said Bah Titos.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today inspected the area behind the themotor where they found more than 80 vehicles. Three households have been illegally occupied in this area which has become one of the slums in the center of Shillong.
Prestone said most of the vehicles were found to be in Shillong, Jowai and Tura. The Cabinet has decided to continue the ban on public vehicles in Shillong, Tura and Jowai until don't announce anything else.
The Chairman of the UPSC shall be a special guest at such a meeting.
“This is a major difference in the purpose of 2G and 5G,” he said.
The recruitment process which is currently underway at Polo is only for the youth of the North Eastern Region of India. now.
After seeing the problems faced by the farmers of the state, the state government has worked hard to open roads for the convenience of the people in the villages.
The winners will receive Rs.10000, Rs.5000 and Rs.3000 (1, 2 and 3 prizes).
In this incident, a vehicle collided and the police also used their force to stop the incident to disperse the crowd from the DC officer, the death of a person in the incident. the location has not been determined for what reason.
The electricity supply in the state is more than 600 MW and the generation of electricity is only 300 MW. 800 MW from thermal and 8001 MW from hydro projects.
The interview will be conducted in front of CCTV cameras to avoid all charges.
Shillong, June 11: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to nominate its candidate for the 2018 MLA election from the 17th North Shillong Assembly Constituency.
Meanwhile, the MLP in the 28th minute turned the tide by scoring one goal each.
He briefly stated that in Meghalaya except for the Cantonment and Normal Areas including parts of Shillong Municipal, the clear definition is “Tribal Areas”. " in a foreign language under the Constitution of India.
In addition to these trainings, there will also be technical skills, decision making skills, interpersonal skills and conceptual skills.
The Prime Minister said that the people live in the rural areas and the existence of cooperatives will be a victory in increasing income and the government will now assist the cooperatives in increasing income. document.
However, the reality is that these landowners will lose their small farmland.
“This is how we reached home safely, it is something very special that they (Government of Sikkim) have done for us.
Shillong, July 25: The residents of Mawsynram Village have complained about the inability to operate the Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) installed through the State Bank of India (SBI) and the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank (MCAB). Ltd.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah James said that the party will hold a meeting tomorrow morning and at the same time it will announce the name of the party candidate from for the mid-term elections.
The purpose of the public meeting was to explain the decision of the Supreme Court of India on Aadhar.
He said India has close ties with the developed countries and at the same time, understands and reflects the feelings of the developing countries.
I remember the golden words and visions in the public announcements in 1999 and 2000 by Bah BB Lyngdoh, former Chief Minister. along with Robert Kharshiing who will succeed him as Chief Minister.
