He completed his education in Ri-Bhoi and has completed his M.Sc (Botany), B.Ed and is now about to complete his LLB. Teachers' Award 2023 to 75 teachers from across the country at a function to be held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi on the occasion of Teachers' Day.
On this occasion, the Raj Bhavan was also opened to the visitors, who were impressed by the variety of flowers blooming inside the residence of the Governor.
The Chief Secretary said that the discussion today was only on the three rivers, Wahumkhrah, Umsherpi and Wahumkhen, especially the Umkhen River which in the coming years will become the source of drinking water for New Shillong.
Shillong, July 26: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, on his visit to Delhi, has met with the Union Ministers to congratulate them on their responsibilities. .
It may be recalled that the strike of the employees of EMRI 108, started on 4/01/2022 and the strike continued till today and today they met with the Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs. health to negotiate this claim.
The meeting decided to meet again soon to strengthen the cooperation between the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Adivasi people.
We must strive to solve problems from the ground up.
The difficulties faced by the farmers in marketing their produce at this time and the decline in the price of their produce, can undermine the goal of self-sufficiency.
On this occasion, the Chief of Army Staff also congratulated the Governor on behalf of the 101st Army.
The Government is pleased that the Lokayukta office should have qualified officers in accordance with the Act and therefore, in accordance with Sections 10 and 11 of the Act, the list has been sent to the Lokayukta and the Lokayukta has selected and issued it. also the information on the appointment letter,” he said.
The Seng also said that as the village officials, we should not be blind without thinking and without knowing the facts. As the elders, we should think carefully before taking any decision because it may affect the villagers. they're just buns.
At this time of preparation for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, it is very important to have an Executive Committee of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills District Councils which is of the same mind as the Sixth Schedule. organization in the State Government so that the efforts to amend the Sixth Schedule can go smoothly.
Shillong, July 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong Symbut, on Tuesday said that even if North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum wants to leave the MDA, it is not necessary.
Pyniaid said that as the NPP Secretary in KHADC, he was surprised that three NPP MDCs would vote against the EC and leave the EC in the dorbar. MDCs have informed the Secretary of the NPP East Khasi Hills, Bah Aibor Tynsong.
The BSF has handed over all these items to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
In all the districts, the Ministry has already set up its departments and especially laboratories to check whether the sales of goods are sufficient or not. under their jurisdiction.
Shillong, July 08: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today launched the Integrated Online Portal of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
Bobeeta Sharma asked whether she meant that her father has not done anything for Meghalaya in these years. She said that if Conrad Sangma wants to do anything for Meghalaya, To say anything, he should have said it with a smile because he is now the leader of the state which has received the entire state which has been passed by the Congress.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Non-Gazetted Employees Association (GHADC) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today decided to demand an investigation into the incident. At this meeting, they decided to hold a protest on the 28th of this month, at the GHADC. On the same day, they will also hold a protest by marching in large numbers.
He said that the distribution is for about 700 households and the assistance is between T.500/- tyngka and T.700/- depending on their needs. thied bam in the house.
The BSF on the border with Bangladesh is closely monitoring the smuggling within the border with Bangladesh and the seized clothes were intended to be sent to Bangladesh.
Police are investigating the incident to arrest the perpetrators.
In this regard, we have demanded that the Government should issue clear rules of procedure that the schools which have received assistance from the Government should pay equal tuition fees.
Regarding religion, the AAP is for the benefit of all religions in the country. The party has nothing to do with any religion. will come at the bar will provide direct and orderly administration.
Shillong, November 20: U Bah Sounder Strong Cajee today joined the National People's Party (NPP) after leaving the BJP. state Unit at the office of the organization.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Air Fest 2016 to mark the 84th Anniversary of the Indian Air Force, the Chief of Army Staff said that as of now, there is any threat to this region, but they will have to be ready.
This action of this foreigner shows his responsibility and selfishness to the point that he has no respect for the authorities of the law and also this shows his intention to create ethnic differences and huri. The union urges the law enforcement authorities to punish severely according to the rules of law. This foreigner who wanted to bring trouble in Jaintia Hills through this action.
For the Sawsymper Sub Centre, the goal has been set to upgrade from Sub Center to Public Health Center and it is hoped that in a few months they will receive the allocation so that they can He has already seen that it is very necessary after talking to the Rangbah Shnongs, civil society organizations and also the MLA of the area.
Prof. Acharya said, “This recognition by WHO is a milestone, showing our efforts in the fields of traditional medicine and historical research.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU said that the implementation of the NEP 2020 from 2023-2024 was taken at the 104th meeting of the Academic Council. as it is.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister has allocated Rs 10 crore from the gar kur for the improvement of the dance floor and the surroundings of the ingsad.
The Tourism Trekking Team, Wahkhen, with all its strength, has tried to build a bridge to see and climb to the top of this mawbah which is about 100 meters high.
“Ka seng would also like to express to the Government not to rush the railway line but to bring first the development of the people of the area from roads, health, education and so on. ter," the union statement added.
The medicines that should have been delivered to the PHC, CHC have now been delivered to Marten.
TJSSC has many talented players who have reached the final of this tournament and some of them have been selected by other clubs in Shillong to play.
It is to be recalled that NEEPCO has allocated assistance for this football ground through the CSR & S Scheme 2015-16, and 2016-18 in two phases, Phase 1 at the cost of 4,96,058 Tyngka for the land acquisition. (earthwork) and in phase 2 for the construction of a sitting gallery at a cost of 15,75048 tyngka.
Indraprastha Education Council, Institutional Area, Khuda, Makanpur, Noida Phase-II, Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, July 11: U Lieutenant General Manoj Mukund Naravane, AVSM, SM, VSM, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy at Raj Bhavan. He spoke on many issues related to peace and order and the problems of retired soldiers.
Suffice it to say that he regrets what has happened, as a party that has a responsibility to protect and preserve the cultures of all peoples and to hold and preserve whatever the country has, This is according to a statement released by the TMC today.
He said that the insurgency in India has emerged due to the difference in income and the lack of development projects.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people on this day.
On the other hand, Prof Streamlet Dkhar said that in every such incident where the people express their anger from superstition and this belief turns into reality.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Prestone Tynsong Symbut, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today announced that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has accepted the nomination committee for the Rajya Sabha MP candidate. Dr Wanway Roy Kharlukhi will be the candidate for the elections to be held on the 26th of this month.
However, the next day, Samuel died at his residence. Dr Mukul demanded that the Union Minister should take action to ensure that the perpetrators should be punished. They will be punished according to the rules of law, he said.
The union would like to thank the President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) Mr Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Advocate for his efforts to address many issues of the people from time to time. other.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has won 13 medals, nine gold, two silver and four medals in the Cadet, Junior and Senior Kickboxing Championship 2017-2018 held at Raipur, Chhattisgarh from 6th-10th September 2017 organized by the Kickboxing Association of Chhattisgarh.
New Delhi, June 01: Protecting women and children who constitute 67.7% of India's population and ensuring their holistic development in a safe environment is which is essential for the sustainable development of the country and also to achieve economic and social transformations.
Bening has been a great inspiration especially to the young sportsmen of Mawkyrwat.
CANDLE, 2.
According to the names of the 137 households received from the RTI, 7 households have not received this scheme and these are Lung Lawai, Kjip Khriam who is no longer alive, Deeibasshon Tangsang, Prolet Nongrum, Blassius Nongrum, Hestina Tangsang and Drik Mukhim.
Jowai, March 19: Leaders of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit today raided the office of the CEM of JHADC after the CEM refused several times to meet with the members of the KSU Lakadong Unit.
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will continue to hold rallies against the CAA and urge the Government to approve the implementation of the ILP in the state as soon as it has been approved by the Legislative Assembly. -The State Act on the 19th of this month.
“Through this, their electricity bills will be zero and households will be able to earn by generating electricity in their homes," he added.
Shillong, July 10: U East Jaintia Hills District Police Chief Jagpal S Dhanoa said that police have registered a complaint that there was a collapse of the coal mine as reported in the media.
He said that the Project Director has informed that there are SSA schools which do not have students and the Government can take steps to appoint teachers in schools with more students.
According to Article 21 of the Constitution of India, the right to protection of human rights has been violated. or a person in India.
In his speech, the Education Secretary of the party, Bah Enlang Sawian, said that the aim of the party is to serve the community, the state and the nation.
In her speech, the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Govt College expressed her happiness to welcome all the freshers and gave hope to all the students. students to progress in their education.
Deputy Chief Minister and MLA Dr RC Laloo will unfurl the tricolor flag of the country in Jowai. The DC urged the people to attend. to take part in this day.
Former CEM of KHADC and founder of the PDF party, Bah PN Syiem, left the party in November 2018 and later contested the MDC election from the NPP party. Shillong, Nailar 13: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie and many civil society organizations today strongly condemned the shooting death of Police have arrested former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew who has already surrendered to the police and demanded an inquiry into the shooting death by the police.
Therefore, the society should produce more and more languages ​​because the Khasi language is already at a higher level compared to other languages ​​in the region. recognition by the central government.
On this occasion, a public feast was held in the morning and in the evening a public meeting was held to explain the activities of the party. a celebration of environmental sustainability.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, today asked the Chief Secretary of JACATAM to invite the leaders of JACATAM to a meeting. keep.
Shillong, March 17: Police today seized 45 rounds of explosives from a bus number AS-24C-2829 coming from Karimganj. to Guwahati, Assam.
Shillong, March 23: The Congress party today held an election campaign at Mawryngkeng Market to seek the support of the people for the party candidate Highlander Kharmalki for the mid-term MLA elections to be held on 30th March
On behalf of the Bethany Family, Dr Sanmiet extended his special greetings to the Commissioner and Secretary, Health Services, Sampath Kumar and the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr. Aman War. who assisted in this clean-up.
He said that the party will investigate the working methods of the party if it is necessary to summon anyone who is fighting against the party.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has held a meeting on the 2nd of this month under the leadership of President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem. Khyriem met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
The MLA of 56-Gambegre said that this inspection is not only for food but also for medicines as in the villages there are no adequate medicine shops and this will create problems for the people.
In another statement sent by the police, they said that the search operation for smuggling vehicles continues and 39 vehicles have been seized and fined.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit today welcomed two Khasi youths who have led and won the Indo-Nepal International Youth Futsal Cup long in Pokhara, Nepal.
In a statement, Maitshaphrang through Bah Michael N Syiem Convenor said that these brave deeds of Phan Nonglait have inspired our nation today as it is a small nation which has been surrounded by foreign nations. he's already paid.
When inquired, the driver and the smuggler could not provide the documents or proof of the transportation of the shini, so they arrested them and handed them over to the Customs at Badarpur. which is not according to the law.
If the questions are changed, they set only the intellectuals without thinking about the average students and the below average students.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: BSF troops on Saturday night seized 47 cows while they were trying to smuggle into Bangladesh from South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 13: Farmers from Meghalaya have come to sell their jhur at the Mei Ramew Farmers' Market organized by the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS). ) which was held at my office in Laitumkhrah.
Plastics are bad because they can decompose for hundreds or even five hundred years, they are short-lived particles known as microplastics.
Shillong, Lber 06: Former President of India Dr APJ Abdul Kalam will teach at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Shillong for two months in November and April.
To address this problem, the state government will start Ekalavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) in all the blocks in the state and the construction of these schools will cost up to T.24 crore each. and one school will accommodate up to 480 students.
NABH is a member of the International Society for Quality in Health Care (ISQua).
“850 Van Dhan Kendras have been set up in the North East to promote forest products.
Both the drivers of these trucks were injured including one driver. The injured were identified as Dromsingh Kharjana, driver of ML05-K-5379 and Kumjuhhi Lamare. NL01-K-1866 and the founder is Mr. Apnamon Shadap.
“Ka seng has also received a complaint that perhaps these 11 persons are not from Meghalaya but from Assam.
By conducting these awareness and eradication programmes, Customs aims to reduce the use of drugs and also provide support to initiatives around the world to combat drug trafficking activities.
He said that in the field of teaching in schools and colleges, many women have contributed in this field.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, in charge of the Prisons Department, today said that the prisoners from Jailroad Shillong will soon be transferred to the new Shillong Jail in New Shillong Township.
To stop the protest, the police tried to stop the protest but the protesters continued to protest and to stop the protest they had to use lyer pynsatkhmat. Many protesters were injured in the protest. being bonded by the police.
The meeting also discussed the writing of election pledges and the main topic is to resolve the border issue with Assam. promise.
“Now the number of drug users in the state has increased steadily, earlier it was only in the urban areas, but now it has reached even the rural areas.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister said that this will be completed in due course. Other discussions were on the deterioration of the road from Mawphlang to Kyrphei which has deteriorated if it is repaired. enough time will help with travel.
The total cost for 10 persons (including one who could not attend) is Rs5500/tyngka.
This march is also part of the campaign to show to the government and the world that all governments in different countries should take a firm decision to preserve the environment.
Shillong, July 4: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Jowai, March 22: The President of the FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Merald Suting, on Tuesday said that dumper trucks from Assam have been carrying Mawshun from Narpuh to Lower Assam-Badarpur without regard to the safety measures. for the passengers and also for the residents along this road through which these vehicles pass.
Shillong, March 22: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ) is preparing the Khasi Custom of Lineage Amendment Bill,
They were arrested at the door of the luck up , one of them was dressed in a blanket and the other was wearing a patlun . Suddenly at 2.30 am he saw that his friends had fallen at the door of the Along. He immediately called and the police came out.
Shillong, March 12: Jowai Police have registered a case of murder against two persons, Kitbok Kasar, 24, and Daphah Salanki Rupon, 26, at Jowai Police Station recently.
As a sign of cooperation with the government and to allow the government to fulfill its promise, the CoMSO has decided to temporarily suspend the protests.
The mother distributes proteins through breastfeeding to the babies until the children are able to fight infections on their own.
Shillong, July 20: The All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal. Malik to inform him about the problems of the employees of the central government university.
In a statement sent by Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, he said that the MUA-II Government will be led by the Congress under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma. will take into consideration the problems faced by the SSA and 4th teachers from time to time especially in relation to the new salary and arrears of the 12481 SSA teachers which they should have received from April 2016 according to the order issued by the Commissioner and Secretary, State Mission Director of SEMAM on 31st March, 2016, which the Government has not yet released, to increase the salaries of 1521 4th teachers in the State.
The DCA has decided that the polling station will be held on the 26th of this month.
KN Kumar, IAS, CEO, MSSDS, said that Meghalaya has many opportunities for us to benefit from employment as many schools teach English.
The meeting of the management of the training center was held as part of the awareness campaign for the children who have gone to be trained in this field.
The equipment received by the residents includes Power Tiller, Syntax tanks, water pumps, plastic bags, tables, benches, toys, cooking utensils and many other air equipment for work purposes. of the people.
He urged all those involved in these activities to implement ECD according to the mission, seeing it as one of the best ways to shape the future of the villagers who are still shrink.
"Thakur said the youth are the AGENTS of change that the world needs, where A means: Advocate for the cause they believe in, G means: Go-green and accept the sustainable lifestyle, E stands for: Equality and acceptance of all Make sure your spaces are spacious.
Those who passed by and saw the mine said that the government has authorized the company to plant and it is up to the company to plant and they have done what they want.
They are trying to destroy the future of our youth, similar to the Tiananmen Square protest in China.
“For a while he started (working) again and left half.
On the part of all the teachers, Bah Tyrchain Phawa and Suparna Choudhury congratulated all the students and encouraged them to continue their studies in IT. .
He urged the opposition leader to work together for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, November 05: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area Raid Nongtung today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. the Border Out Post in Umlaper, Ummat or Umtlieh.
The United Democratic People (UDP) today gathered all the party leaders and MLAs at a special committee meeting of the party to discuss and seek clarification from the Minister of Defence, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on the recent incident against contract teachers.
Shillong, July 01: Police have conducted an investigation into the incident ha Them Motor which led to the protest of the people. The Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills today arrested a man who started shooting at the cashier of the STPS bus and they hope that the protest will end. District Mr Davis N R Marak.
It was announced that the Congress will submit a petition to the Governor of the state to be submitted to the President of India.
The sign was issued on 8/03/2016 by the investigating officer and the Special Court under the POSCO Act has convicted the perpetrator. having grown along five years and three months.
From the above findings alone it is clear that even foreigners from Meghalaya have lost the opportunity to study MBBS through the government scheme along with the Khasi.
Speaking to reporters, Monu M Areng said the police have not done anything even though they have given the names of the people in the ejahar.
Surprisingly, this year, many Khasi students who have to write this examination have to go abroad, and during a meeting with the Secretary of Education Department, he admitted that Those who have to take the exam in the coming months, will have to write in Shillong.
The members of the party were sworn in by Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the party.
The chief guest at the event was India's most famous chef Sanjeev Kapoor who was also present at the event.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) in India has come out to bring awareness and understanding for the good life of all human beings in the world especially by appearing to walk in manla. of the various States of India on many areas to be protected especially in the field of education and health for the betterment.
The death toll has risen to 21, from East Khasi Hills 19 and West Jaintia Hills 2, bringing the total number of deaths to
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 144 so far.
From Assam, Forest Minister PR Brahma, PWD Minister P Suklaidya, Child Development Minister PL Das, Advisor to the Chief Minister H Goswami and others were present. heh government.
“The deterioration of NH 44 has been from Shohshrieh to Malidor.
The deceased soldiers were sent home today by Army helicopters.
“The Constitution of the party clearly states that it will not allow any of its members to have anything to do with political activities or to collaborate with any political party in any activities. politicians (Political Partisans).
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to increase the distribution of ration, petrol and fuel. it shall be five years.
The Meghalaya Sign Bank App, which was launched today, will help them in many ways.
According to the BSF, the bikes sold to Bangladesh are very expensive and the price is more than twice the price in India.
He said that through the KHADC, it can also bring back strong customs and traditions and empower the Hima to strengthen the Khadar rule in the administration.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The AICC Spokesperson Mathew Anthony today alleged that the government led by Narendra Modi is not the only government in the country. they are terrible at corruption.
As the date has been arranged to compete on the same day with each other, groups or riwshimed from outside these two districts who wish to hold the competition must inform the organization and pay the necessary fees. .
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has received a letter to investigate the allegations of illegal activities inside the central government hospital.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Police of Lumshong Police Station have received a tip that some unidentified persons have phoned another person to demand money. On 22/8/2023, four persons and two children were arrested.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 06: The KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle has expressed its surprise to see through the media that Bah Ready Myrthong has resigned as General Secretary Circle along with 4 others who have resigned. you are on the roi of the park.
“We will not sit idly by and we will not allow the NGT, we should not be intimidated because this is the right of us the people,” said Bah Mulieh.
No deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in relation to the distribution of any food items from NFSA and Non-NFSA and all FPS dealers are directed not to Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
The Border Roads Organization (BRO) is conducting the India@75 BRO Motorcycle Expedition which started on 14th March and will end on 27th November BRO's work in the development of the country as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
The BSF has seized several cows from Lyngkhat in East Khasi Hills District. There were 29 arrests from the area.
Tura, March 13: In an effort to raise awareness among the public on how to preserve the environment for the benefit of the future, the ICFAI branch in Tura has held a the discussion on the topic of 'climate change'
Lambokstar Marwein Vice President requested the Council to work together so that this family can be a stronghold and a weapon to protect and allow anyone to mine uranium.
The contest in the last election was between Dr Mukul Sangma and the BJP candidate and now there will be three candidates from the three parties.
The office has caused a lot of trouble to the people and now it has caused problems to the entire village in this regard. This behavior is unacceptable and finally the union urges the officer to leave. 90% of the households in this village pay their monthly bill.
The program was conducted by Samla Kynpham Kharlyngdoh.
On these rules, the Government has formulated the rules for issuing licenses to mine coal according to the current technology in the state and the rules were issued on 5th October 2021 with a letter from the office to instruct how to apply from the Directorate. Mineral Resources to be licensed under the first provision of Section 4 of the MMDR Act
He said this while inaugurating the sports facilities at SAI, Training Centre, NEHU Campus here today.
DIG and PRO of BSF UK Nayal said that the BSF on the border with Meghalaya have done their utmost to curb the smuggling to Bangladesh.
The Minister also explained about the Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) project which is part of the Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (TOFEI) project. participation in the anti-tobacco program every year and receive marks.
The NOC does not say anything.
The Deputy Commissioner of Sotuh West Khasi Hills, Bah Aldus Mawlong, said that unidentified persons have set fire to the Dongmusa from the door of the house. bd the sat of this office has been established.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the farmers of North Garo Hills have started using power tillers and water pumps for the cultivation of rice.
The Prime Minister also handed over three medical colleges to the country namely Nalbari Medical College, Nalbari; Nagaon Medical College, Nagaon; and Kokrajhar Medical College, Kokrajhar, constructed at a cost of T.615 crore, T.600 crore and T.535 crore respectively.
“The two hour traffic jam from Mawiongrim to Umïam has affected the people especially those who have to go to the Railway Station and Airport Guwahati and other places,” said Bah Adelbert.
Since the appointment of the Inquiry Wing by the Lokayukta, the State Government has sent the names of the officers and other employees of the department, as required by the Lokayukta, for the purpose of conducting the investigation under this Act.
The curfew was called because the government does not believe in the actions of the students who passed DCS
He said that the party demands that the State Government should introduce a Water Policy.
Shillong, Nailar 19: As part of the introduction and promotion of judo in all district headquarters, the Inter District Level Free Demo Cum Coaching Camp will be held at Tura from 25th July 2014 organized by the Office of the District Sports Officer. Tura and the Meghalaya Judo Association together with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs Meghalaya.
In addition, he included the Hima and the areas under the control of the foreign government.
The purpose of the celebration of this day is to raise awareness among the households that it is necessary to have a small household and to do this there is a need for ways and means how to reduce children.
The petitioner demanded that the government should not make public the report submitted by the Regional Committee to the government. This is the opinion of the KHADC or the Hima.
Shillong, July 22: MeECL has put the sign “Injury” at every place where transformers are installed but what is the reason why it doesn't install them even in the middle of the village or on the outskirts? .
In the Karate event, the East Khasi Hills District men's and women's team won five gold medals each at the end of the Meghalaya Games in Tura.
When asked whether it is true or not that there will be such a complaint, the CEO said that he cannot answer this because it is in the power of the Returning Officer.
The government should not be stingy and should not be stingy, let us move forward with our aspirations.
The ceremony was led by Moranthyel Saka Uipo, former General Secretary of NSUS and President of Uipo Naga Students' Union Shillong.
During the inspection, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that the work is progressing steadily in the installation of these oxygen generating plants. Government Hospitals for those who have received funds from the Prime Minister's Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations (PM CARES) Fund.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Expert Committee set up by the Government to review the Policy of Good Work in Meghalaya has been set up in accordance with Government Notification No.PER(AR) 49/2 Justice (Retired) Mool Chand Garg today met with officials of the Government of Meghalaya for the first time.
In an interview with Bah Rudy Warjri, it was understood that the great deeds of Sohblei Patrick Warjri are because he has succeeded in eradicating the evil deeds of alcoholism and illegal activities in the village.
Shillong, Iaiong 04: The FKJGP Upper-Shillong Circle has decided to monitor the health of the residents of the area through the availability and distribution of Services through PHCs in Upper Shillong, today i.
Two of these participants will be selected to take part in the final of University Week, “Aurora 2017”. The winners of the DJ competition were Chandabiang from the Department of Computer Science and Meyusapong from the Department of Computer Science. Department of Tourism and Travel Management.
At the same time, Bah Warlarpih requested the FKJGP to talk to the government to have a law to recognize the Transit Pass by the government in relation to the trade and transportation of cattle. to deliver to different parts of Khasi Jaintia.
Even the parts of the NH44 from Soomer to Mookyndur which should have been maintained by the PWD have now been neglected by the PWD department of the state government.
This action of the State Government has angered the Union and the people of East Jaintia Hills until the Union has had to take a firm decision,” said the President of the Union.
In his speech, Pa,im Ainam Manik Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that he expressed his gratitude to the KHADC for supporting the Hima from time to time especially in the provision of garbage trucks. They have many shortcomings but they will try to bring cleanliness in the marketplace.
The India Biodiversity Awards 2016 on the theme of how to use natural resources was awarded to Ch.
He thought that there should be special protection of the land, customs, traditions and so on. It was on this basis that the seventh article of the Constitution of India was fought for. .
As a result, many insurgent groups have begun to demonstrate their faith in the Constitution of the country and the policies of the government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi have laid down their arms and turned to partners in the stability and development of the northeast.
Other areas beyond Jowai, such as East Jaintia Hills District, War Jaintia and east of Jowai District, have not yet accepted any writings in schools, books. publication including in the media.
This is according to a statement sent by Martina Hinge, Secretary SMC of the school.
Union Minister of Commerce & Industry, Textiles, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution Piyush Goyal, Chief Minister, Government of Gujarat, Bhupendrabhai Patel and Sonowal concluded the GMIS Their views on how India's maritime activities are the backbone of the country's economy contributing to all authorities in charge of ports, routes, companies, startups, MSMEs and other supporting activities.
Those who will benefit from this rice in the state will be up to 76.7% of the population.
This will create job opportunities in the villages and improve employment opportunities in these villages.
KSU leaders including Lambok Starwell Marngar President, Biangbor Paliar Vice President, Donald V. Thabah General Secretary and Reuben A. Najiar Assistant General Secretary on 6th March He met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also in charge of security at his office.
Shillong, July 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement sent by Forwardman Nongrem has raised a question with the district authorities of Mawsynram Block. Task Force, District Level Team and Labor Officers to carry out the work on the illegal entry of foreigners.
Shillong, Lber 22: Urban Development Minister Amapreen Lyngdoh, PWD Minister Sngewbhalang Dhar and Home Minister Roshan Warjri today visited the Police Bazar. .
Thomas said the project has experienced a price increase.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has arrested Premlal Rai, Deputy Registrar of CMJ University, to investigate the whereabouts of the Chancellor of the university. they are still in the midst of Umdum.
But it shall not be so for a while.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Due to the remoteness of the old Umsherpi Bridge, people have taken the opportunity to lay soil at the site which has flowed into the Umsherpi River.
Those who came to attend were also given one jainkup.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The search and rescue operation for the missing persons in Warsan Lyngdoh area is ongoing. night of the 6 missing only one body was recovered.
These characteristics cause great problems to the children of the thousand when there is no full Syiem and especially cause unstable administration.
Other Congress leaders who attended the election campaign included Banang Tyngsong, Secretary, John F Kharshiing, Vice President, East Khasi Hills District Youth Congress Committee. The Congress party of Mawkyrwat constituency.
Shillong, March 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today appointed two Ministers, Reniktone L Tongkhar and Dasakhiatbha Lamare. The Chief Minister of the State has appointed all the Ministers of the Ministry of Urban Affairs to be appointed by Bah Hamletson Dogling. James K Sangma has been appointed as Prestone Tynsong.
The question of many now is whether the KHADC will do with these houses which have already built 10 houses, two restaurants, and the place is really beautiful and you can see the beauty of the lake. smile.
The meeting was led by the Bangladesh BGB delegation accompanied by the South East Region and Sector Commanders. .
The reason why the CSWO said that there are some people who want to cause trouble with the civil society organizations have been accused and the CSWO has decided to fight. now by law to end this rule don power.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The ASHA Facilitators today convened a meeting to discuss the demands that have been sent to the government for many years and the government has not believed in the implementation of the demands of the ASHA Facilitators. they.
This was sponsored by the Sasakawa Peace Foundation of Japan.
On the 10th, police seized 12 illegal coal trucks from Kuliang, on the 11th, 9 trucks from Lumshong and 2 trucks from Sonapur.
The topics to be discussed at this meeting were how to achieve sustainable development by preserving the environment in this era of globalization.
At present, preparations are underway to host the National Games in 33 sports but this will be known once the Hostcity Contract is signed.
Things will reveal all the facts.
The Magistrate will soon submit the report to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for further action.
After this, Samuel Sangma, a relative of Rosy Sangma, suspected that there was some irregularity in the treatment of Rosy, and complained to the doctors and staff of the hospital.
He said that the officials of the department have also said that after completing all the required documents, the construction of the office will be implemented as soon as possible so that it does not stop or move elsewhere.
East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday arrested Issei Sungoh from his residence in Dkhiah East, Lad Sutnga for allegedly stealing children and a youth through Facebook. He demanded the money from a resident of a village under the jurisdiction of Lumshnong Police Station.
According to a statement sent by the police, they said after receiving a tip that some people have planned to incite the rebel group to fight against India. in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Embhahlang said that yesterday, arkhlur police came to the scene and showed him the order on his mobile.
South Shillong Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) WINNER,
Therefore , the Seng urges the people of the District to be prepared and not to allow the government to destroy the future of the future generation and the future of their children Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Police have arrested these suspects at 5 pm from Nongmynsong.
Matsiewdor said that in these incidents, up to 13,682 thousand people have been affected by floods and landslides.
There are 36 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 11 in Ri Bhoi, 5 in South Garo Hills, 3 in South West Garo Hills, 9 in West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills 2 people.
In this regard, they said that what they are doing now is sufficient because the online class even in the urban areas is not sufficient. you don’t have another opinion.
“We have fought hard to get the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division and I am happy and if they don't want to support me, I welcome the decision of the people,” said Bah Martin M Danggo. Member of the Legislative Assembly on 21st July, 2018, at the inauguration ceremony of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division at Ranikor.
Speaking to SP News Agency, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District said that these trucks have been allowed to pass through the bridge as the weight of the water pipes is still less than 40 metres. dwar ksuid because this bridge allows those who carry it to pass within the limit.
About 100 of its members have left the party congress.
On the same day, besides the public hearing on the theme “Women's Rights, Protection & Child Welfare” (Women Protection & Child Welfare), a meeting was also held. The Jatah Lakadong Youth Association (JJLA) was encouraged by the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew. Constituency.
The Chief Minister said that on behalf of the people of the state and on his own behalf, he sends his condolences to the family members of Kong Swer.
He said the government has decided to promote development works in the villages.
The election will be held on the 28th November 2018 at the Durbar Hall of Pynthorumkhrah from 10 am to 12 noon.
In their speech, they said that they do not want the CAA to work in Meghalaya and demanded that the government should implement the ILP in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The MGNREGS schemes have not been released properly especially when it comes to the government's failure to release the funds of this scheme.
This village is about 20 km from Mawkyrwat which is the Head Quarter of the District.
The NESO said that in order to protect the minorities in the North East who have been affected by the illegal entry of Bangladeshi authorities, the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 should not be passed. to be implemented as it will further deteriorate the situation in the North East.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Unidentified persons have shot dead the Waheh Shnong of Muskut village at around 4.00 pm this evening. to take care.
Shillong, Lber 04: The Rapid Action Force of the Union Government today for the first time was deployed to the state to assist the state police for the purpose of happy to sign.
A total of 8364 students, 114 PhD students, 20 Masters students, 950 PG Degrees students and 7280 Bachelor's degrees students have received their degrees at the Convocation.
Police have set up a special team to fight against these crimes, with the hope of arresting these drug traffickers, he said. it is no longer just a place of transit but also a den for drug addicts.
Umkiang PHC is one of the largest PHCs in the Narpuh area, from Hingaria Huroi to Ratacherra.
Regarding the collapse of the Dome, the Speaker was urged to explain to all the members of the House how this happened and the members of the House should know about this. the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly.
The people in those areas are living in peace and harmony with the cultivation of soybeans. the work that gives them life.
These villages are currently under the jurisdiction of the Mawpud Health Sub Center which they have to walk for 4 hours to reach.
Police have registered a complaint against them under the provisions of the NDPS Act. During the investigation, the two suspects have confessed that they were sent by another vehicle. Police have arrested a suspect from Polo Green Hills with the help of Pasture Beat House Police.
The outgoing Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary IPS, has passed away today as the Governor of Meghalaya. CMJ University is located in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its strong condemnation against those who speak insulting and especially rude words against anyone whether it is individuals or foreigners. Public Leaders or Government officials through Social Media.
The contract will be signed between three parties, the IOA to be the supervisor, the MOA to be the administrator and the state government to be the capital.
In the evening, the police summoned the Khasi children to the police station, and as soon as they arrived at the police station, they were arrested. “We have refused to respond and have been directed to inquire from the Superintendent of Police,” he said.
Shillong, November 24: East Khasi Hills Police today held a Christmas celebration in the presence of all the Superintendent of Police Davis NR Marak and other police chiefs. District.
Shillong, July 13: Answering a question by James K Sangma NPP, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the cost of the construction of the Shillong Medical College is Rs 250 crore.
Regarding the case of COVID-19, the Prime Minister's Secretary said that she worked at the house of the first case.
W Lyngdoh, President of the party, concluded.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: As the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities in India, it is a violation of their right to ownership if the mineral resources have to be taken away from the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation (MMDC). We are pleased to express our opposition to this proposal, the land owners should not be mistaken on this issue.
There are 55 recoveries from East Garo Hills, 46 cases from East Garo Hills, 25 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, 5 cases from South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 2 cases.
Momin (East Garo Hills District) (Gold), Korno M Sangma (East Garo Hill District) (Silver) Labianglang Thawbri (Ribhoi District) (Bronze) Baldano R Marak (West Garo Hills District) (Bronze),Men Freestyle Wrestling ( 86 Kg ) Balance Ch.
The government has rejected the government's salary increase and demanded that it should be paid as approved by the MHRD of the central government.
Speaking to reporters after taking oath as MDC of KHADC, he said that in fact there has been a discussion for the post of MP Rajya Sabha which he did not want. this work.
Speaking to SP News Agency, MHIS Chief Executive Officer Pravin Bakshi said that preparations for the implementation of the new scheme are in progress.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that their meeting with Prestone was to demand that the state government should talk to the Delhi government to implement the project. the ILP in Meghalaya and also to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Also present on the occasion were Chielang Lyngdoh, President Wapungskur Congress Unit, Khmihbha Phawa, President Wapungskur Congress Unit, Gerald Phawa and Bhalang Bang, Vice President of KBCC. Congress Unit U Tyrshain Siangshai.
Pynshngain said the MUA-II government respects the districts, if this is the case, ECs can be formed anywhere, ECs can be formed anywhere, this is wrong when face to face. The EC and the Cabinet are the members of the District Council.
He urged the leaders, officers and others to take part in the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra to inform the people and encourage them to take the benefits they deserve.
He entered India from Meghalaya to work in West Bengal because they had friends who had lived and worked in the state and he called him MD Sukurie 22 years old. Nadia, West Bengal.
The general secretary of the VPP is requested to attend the meeting to discuss the recount of votes on 6th October 2023 at 12.30 pm.
Also present on the occasion were FM Lakiang, SDO (C) Mairang Civil Sub-Division, S Warjri, EAC Nongstoin;
Furthermore, people who have represented the country or state in international or national tournaments, or who have won junior tournaments in the country, have job opportunities.
The search operation of two wheeler motorcycles comes after a number of tragic incidents in the past few months due to the excessive driving of motorcycles by the drivers which has led to the fact that the pedestrians have been killed. They lost their lives and some were seriously injured.
Those who have been in contact with those who have been infected while waiting for the report should inform 14410 if they have any symptoms. Stay away from others, wash your hands and wear masks in public places and to prevent the need to reach hospitals.
On the issue of food items, Prestone said that the people should not worry. On the issue of transportation, he said that this is a difficult time and the government understands the problem. the public.
MBCC Leaders from Adviser Charles Marngar, MBCC President D. Daminot Sylliang, and all the Office Bearers congratulated George B. Lyngdoh, with words of blessings for his service. He is an MLA not only for Umroi but for Ri Bhoi District as a whole.
Private entity-run pharmaceutical institutions in the country manufacturing pharmaceuticals have been strengthened and this has been done through specific decisions ranging from openness to collaboration, trials and product designs.
Member Parliamentary Standing Committee on Commerce 6.
If the traders or vendors refuse to use plastics it will help to reduce the use of plastics and also to produce them by manufacturers when there is no demand for them.
The State President of the Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha, Sukhi Pariat, said, “The Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha strongly condemns this atrocity against women.
Daphibanker Phawa, 29, died of her injuries and her husband Shuwanmiki Law, 30, is still undergoing treatment.
The party has held a public meeting at Gasuapara village in the past few days and has also established its working office where Menward D. Sangma has been elected as president and Callymeccan Ch.
David Kharsti said that in fact the House should pass the bill and the court will explain about it and not that the bill passed by the House will be rejected in the court. David said that the sixth rule of the ADC stipulates that an MDC shall be for only five years. The BJP will follow up on this so that this rule will be dead.
Shillong, Nailur 04: MeECL employees under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) today morning resumed their strike by sitting in a sit-in at the headquarters in Lumjingshai.
Besides Dr Mukul, many others also spoke at the meeting.
The Khasi youth are requested to take part and also the public to give their full support to these youths so that they can get rid of alcoholic beverages and have a healthy body.
Shillong, November 19: The Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Limited today took another step in its service to the people of Meghalaya by opening an ATM through The first ATM of the bank was inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, Roshan Warjri today.
The KSU, HYC, GSU, SRBKBH, HANM and many others who have been invited to the PSC have expressed their views on the issue. It is with this in mind that the Central Government wants to amend the Sixth Schedule.
This is according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Ernest Mawrie has taken over as the full president of the BJP party in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the leaders expressed their surprise how a woman can hold the post of Daloi which is against the custom.
It is suspected that this woman was drowned in the floods in the Wah Umkhen area.
This place has all the modern facilities and also has hostels.
The Seng wants the state government and the KHADC to be united and transparent on the grounds of not allowing uranium mining.
Those who took part but also attracted many residents of Lyngkien Shyiap Village to flock to the Football Ground of Lyngkien Shyiap Village, Mylliem Lum for many games including Football, Meter race, High Jump, Long Jump, Short Put, Musical Chair, Tag of War, Sack Race and Tie-Breaker.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma today attended the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra held at Tynring village in Mawryngkneng Block of Eastern Province. Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya today.
Latiplang Kharkongor came to the police station after Balawan Pala phoned him while he was being taken to the police station in his taxi.
He said that the roads in Mawlai Mawdatbaki need to have speed breakers to avoid accidents and especially to curb the speeding of two wheelers and four wheelers. shaka so that such recent incidents cannot be prevented.
The department has found that in the past, there are some satellite TV channels which have broadcast programs and events in an inaccurate, misleading, convincing manner and in which they have been used. inappropriate words, which affected feelings and morals.
The term of the Legislative Assembly will end on 15th October 2023 and all the work related to the elections should be completed before that date. The total population of the state is 2966889 lakh. The current number of voters is 1092326 lakh women.
These samples were sent to NABL, a recognized laboratory in Kolkata, while the manufacture and batch number were kept confidential.
On the part of the Government of Meghalaya, the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, Bah P Kharkongor, in his speech, said that Meghalaya as it is now produces many varieties of soh and agricultural products. the use of medicines.
Most of the cases in the state are from illegal activities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Chief Advisor to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Thomas A Sangma today received the award from the Vice President of India, M Venkaiah Naidu for the election of the state. , that among the small states it is the most developed in agriculture.
HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs from Nongspung-Sohiong Constituency, while Sanbor Shullai from Laban-Mawprem has nominated his son. .
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has taken all measures to prevent the spread of this disease in the state.
In all the past elections they have worked hard and this time they will work hard to bring victory as they have done in the past.
This action of the government cannot be accepted.
Regarding the traffic from 1/05/2021 to 10/5/2021, it is necessary to follow strictly this so that it does not cause harm to the family, the community and as well as throughout the state.
Every recognized institution of learning as a university shall keep information on the selection process for trainees, shall post this information on its website and shall keep this information for at least five years.
Shillong, July 12: A house near Malki Square has suddenly caught fire at around 7.30 pm this morning. you are injured.
On the same day, the road leading to the school was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Sports in the presence of Bah Equator L Nongrang, Deputy Chairman, KHADC, Sub Divisional Officer (C), Mairang Civil. KJP Western Synod Moderator Rev. WC Khongwir, other government and church officials.
“We the people of Garo Hills request the ANVC(B) to lift the curfew which it has called on the 20th of this month. This was announced by the Vice Chairman of PMDR, Lalnunthari D.Shira.
Those who rise in education and morality are honored and respected like the sun and the moon.
At the same time, the party requests those who took part in the wedding ceremony to please tell us exactly how many people were in the state on that day because through them, the people will not be afraid if there are many. go too.
All these items have been handed over to the Customs for further investigation. This year, the BSF has seized T.97 lakh worth of goods worth T.97 lakh from the border. Meghalaya.
In the future, there will be many problems, as the civil society understands that it is not easy to demarcate the border, understand that Assam will work and Meghalaya will work, there will be a straight path of knowledge. of those who believe that there will be no trouble.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the guards at the gate, said that the incident happened at midnight and they don't know how it happened. the tree branches klang.
The Seng urges the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs not to issue Syrnod Pathar to foreigners as it is an encouragement to the Mynder to invade the villages and demand their rights as owners of the villages. As a small paid Jaidbynriew, the Seng urges the Booth Level Officers to check and scrutinize the documents when enrolling any person in EPIC. Some Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs and Mynnongs of political parties who are involved in helping foreigners to provide documents and to register foreigners in EPIC only for personal gain without think about the future of national heritage.
Police said that Dosogre village is also the village of Nilrak M Sangma, also known as Kaltush.
The GSU has sent a letter to the DC of East Garo Hills District signed by Tattara N Marak.
The Forest Department through Kong H Lato has also distributed tar packaging bags to the villagers as a step to avoid the use of plastic.
This will be for the benefit of the residents of Mawsynram Block as a whole or even the residents who come from abroad as well as they should get their needs according to their wishes.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Two Maruit Alto 800 vehicles were seized by BSF from Sonapur bridge while they were loaded with cows to be sent to Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District.
Following the meeting with the political parties, the government has issued a public notice to look after the allocation of jobs under the State Reservation Policy which has become a policy until in the year
to create opportunities to reach banks in rural areas.
The Minister in charge of Education, Dr RC Laloo, said that in talks with the leaders of the JACATAM, it is clear that there is no respect for the JACATAM. teachers.
Nithpilash Sangma died shortly afterwards and Anil Alom, who sustained serious injuries, died while being taken to Tura Civil Hospital.
This action of the management of the Delhi Golf Club shows their ignorance and it is the right of Tialin Lyngdoh to dress and this is enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
In the fight against criminals, police and BSF troops have seized three bikes and in the past few days, police have arrested four persons involved in these crimes. camping bike.
“The protest on that day was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka and many people.
Shillong, July 14: The BJP today met to discuss the construction of the Statue of Unity in the name of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the first Home Minister of India. .
In the State there are rules of procedure while in the District Councils there are their own.
Speaking at a public meeting, Bah Sanbor said that this is not his wish but the decision of the Executive Dorbar of Lumparing Village. I don't know how to get to this road.
Elsewhere, the KSU has found that many people have come from Assam to the state after the Assam government issued the NRC. and he brought all his household to dwell in that city.
Prime Minister Duh said the members who will leave for a larger public platform will benefit greatly from the experiences in the Rajya Sabha.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, has met and talked to the Gram Sevaks, to They listened and understood the difficulties they face in their work and requested the State Planning Board to create their own cadre to open up the opportunity for them in promotion as they do not have the opportunity to promote in their work. the work they do.
Nepolian Mawphniang said that those who are protesting against the recognition of full time employees of the university are day laborers who have been appointed by NEHU and should not be appointed. Other groups were appointed before 2015, some were appointed in 1994, 1995, 2000, 2006, 2012 and some were last appointed in
On the 24th of this month, robbers detonated a petrol bomb in the vehicle of the Director (Personnel) of NEEPCO on Demthring Road.
Bah SD Khongwir has served as MLA of Mawlai Constituency for 25 years.
Other speakers were Bandwina Khymdeit and Kajentan Lypon who are members of the party.
He said that there is no need for ILP but the law of the state is sufficient now.
Now that we have got our own state for 43 years, not a single sign that the government will order the coal miners not to harm the environment has never been done.
The availability of materials should not be a concern.
This is a platform that aims to prevent cybercrime.
The total number of cases by district is 61 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 9 cases from Ri Bhoi, 34 cases from South West Garo Hills and 4 cases from West Garo Hills. and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 15: U Conrad Sangma, Secretary General of AJYWO (NPP) has said that the NPP denies nexus with BJP. , in which he said that the NPP has links with the BJP is wrong because it is public knowledge that four NPP MLAs in Manipur recently after the Manipur elections have been elected as Ministers and Hohn Kharshiing said it is also well known that the two parties, the NPP and the United Democratic Party (UDP) and others, have been involved in the elections. They are members of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) and the proof is that the photographs of these NPP and UDP leaders can be seen on the official website of the Bharatya Janata Party.
He said that this will be the beginning and when it is implemented it will be understood how it will go.
The total number of COVID-19 cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 343, of which 268 are BSF personnel, 61 are others and 14 are from different armed forces. This is the city of Shillong.
There are 433 shops in the market including Khasi and Dkhar shops and most of them are Khasi shops. Out of these 433 shops, only 62 shops are open. get from SMB to occupy a new market.
The government has allocated funds for the repair of this Sohra road two years ago but the work could not start until the Chief Minister took action to improve the road. a street where tourists pour in thousands more a day.
He said that earlier, after winning the election, they had to be sworn in as full MPs even after winning the election, but now they are recognized as full MPs from the date of announcement of winning the election.
According to a government announcement issued by the personal department, A Nikhla has been removed as MD of MTC and in her place the government wants to replace her with PM Sangma Commissioner Transport. new MD to which the employees are opposed.
The union therefore demands that the government authorities should take action to investigate and take action as soon as possible so that it will not cause harm to the people of the area and the district.
He added that the VC has promised to take action on the demand for the appointment of Statutory Officers and University Engineers to reduce the burden of teachers and staff from their duties.
The MDA Government and the Police Department are surprised that our team has done this in a high security area.
It may be recalled that during the inspection of the GSWSS by Bah Process T Sawkmie, the PHE officers said that the reason for the delay is that they have not received permission from the Ministry of Home Affairs. India to operate water pipes.
Police are still investigating the whereabouts of the woman. Police suspect that the robbers have robbed the woman from the vehicle while they were walking. the woman was lying on the ground where the body was found.
The nation has the right to know about this Syiem, because any nation that knows its own history is a nation that still has hope for the future of its future generations.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that the government urges the people to come out on Republic Day and not to Due to the curfew called by the HNLC in Ri Khasi, the government has already ordered the police to The BSF troops have been directed to patrol the border with Bangladesh.
There are 423 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 155 from Ri Bhoi, 65 from Ri Bhoi. to 56933 people.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Fredrick Roy Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya in charge of Culture and Traditional Affairs and other supporters of this great man.
Shillong, Nautung 06: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today paid tribute to the late leaders of the party including Bharat Keshri, Dr. Shyama Prasad Mukherjee. their birthday.
These are the decisions that the government will take from tonight until further notice.
All ration shops have been directed to collect the rice for distribution to the people, both in the rural areas as well as in the urban areas.
The misunderstanding is that the state government has already announced publicly through the Ministry of Agriculture that synsar, sla tyrpat and sohmarit have been recognized as commodities. Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar together with a group of Farmers Farmers Association (KFA) have met with the farmers to meet with the farmers. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, promised to convene a meeting tomorrow morning to resolve the issue.
I have not received any information whether this group has sent a letter demanding money to him.
On this occasion, the Director of Sanker Rehabilitation Center Dr. Sandi Syiem was awarded the Champion of Mental Health Advocacy Award and Carmo Naronha of Bethany Society was awarded the Leader of Mental Health Advocacy Award. Equality Award.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has taken this opportunity to wish all the Khasi and Jaintia students who will soon sit their examinations in the coming days. to come.
The Prime Minister also announced that some activities will be allowed to resume from 20th June in some parts of the country.
On the other hand, the president of NEHUSU said that if the talks do not succeed, they will continue their protests with other programs by inviting all the students of the university.
Answering a question regarding the withdrawal of 500 and 1000 rupees from the market, he said that those who oppose are those who have enough money, there will be a little problem but all this will be done. beit you said.
He said that FIITJEE has paid a fee for the students according to their ability and skills. The fee will be up to 25% of the cost of training. Shillong, Nailur 22: The President of the Central Puja Committee, Naba Bhattacharjee today said that there are 257 puja places in the country. There are 126 cases in Khasi Hills, 11 cases in Jaintia Hills and 120 cases in Garo Hills.
Lajong will face Langsnieng FC on the 12th of this month.
Paul Lyngdoh was elected as the President, Embhah Syiemlieh as the Vice President, Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the General Secretary and Alantry F Dkhar as the Chief Organizer. also to other office bearers of the organization.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir has laid the foundation stone of a school for juvenile children at Mawkasiang from Class I to Class X In his speech, Justice Mir said that education is essential for the children who live in homes for the purpose of correcting the children and this is essential.
According to the report, it is necessary to have a policy on how to reduce tobacco use and reduce its consequences.
Shillong, Nailar 02: There are 89 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 2 in East Jaintia Hills, 21 in East Khasi Hills and 3 in Ri Bhoi. Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 9, West Garo Hills 47, West Jaintia Hills 1.
Through this statement, the Seng is pleased to express that this decision of the UGC is harmful and unacceptable at this time as it may affect the health of the students from this country. COVID-19, Besides, we have seen that many of the students are not ready for the examinations especially after the closure of schools since March and even online classes. Kim shim has been completely adequate especially for children living in rural areas.
It is unfortunate that some households have gone to discuss the increase in the bill but the office has increased the workload of the public without immediately resolving it.
Shillong, July 31: From time to time, the Assam government has been showing its grabs of land in Block 1 of Pangam Raliang village and rejecting the status quo with the state. Meghalaya.
The villages under the Ranikor Administrative Unit include Mawpud, Lower Mawpud, Pyndenwar, Dommawlein, Keniong, Thiepdiengngan, Wahbamon, Nongdewsaw, Munai, Mawhati, Photkroh, New Rangasora, Rudu A and B, Colomboit, Myriaw, Chikonbari A and B, Khangkhlak, Kewri, Lawkaw, Chikonbari A and B, Shirapara, Munaisora, Bolabeta and Koraigora.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the desire for innovation and science among the youth of the country comes from the success of these space-related activities.
During the meeting, they also discussed the issue of these foreigners who are across the Ri Bhoi District who are allowed to work and stay without any proper documents such as epic, labor license and so on. On the other hand, the KHADC demands that the KHADC should punish those who violate the rights of the people of the state. take them.
Shillong, June 17: Diana Kharkongor, daughter of Sophina Kharkongor and Marcus Lyngdoh, former Nongpoh MDC, Shillong, has received the Ph.D.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Supreme Court of India's decision to ban logging was taken in 1996 and followed by an order to have a Working Scheme. in relation to the timber industry in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya Safety and Security Act (MSA) is still in force in the village council of Madanriting village. be a law to punish the foreigners who are the owners of the land.
In this regard, the Police have conducted a thorough investigation to identify those involved in sending this email threatening to blow up the bomb.
Shillong, March 18: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JSUA) today decided to support the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JSU) after the association expressed its concern to the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JSU). cement factory to destroy the property of the indigenous people.
He said that some political parties instead of looking for ways and means to do this, they take it as a way to mislead the people for their own benefit in the election.
Another Shillong Lajong Football Club player, Chinglensana Singh, has been selected for the India squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup Qualifiers.
After this, the Wasan enter each household to perform the ritual of 'Shoh Thyndai' by shooting and sympathizing with each household with the Deinkhlam to drive away the evil spirits, diseases and diseases. all the worst from the houses.
Police have arrested a member of the Achik National Volunteers' Council (ANVC) in connection with planting a bomb on the Kherapara road to Chokpot.
However, now the signs have shown that the owners and leaders of the miners' union do not believe in their promises which affect the society of the village.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the appointment of the Permanent Secretary of the MSCTE and the Executive Chairman of the MBOSE.
Shah said the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has launched many programs for the health of the people of the country.
It was recommended that States should conduct sero-surveys to obtain information on preventive measures in the districts as the sero-prevalence survey of the Central Government is a multi-part survey completed in collaboration with the ICMR. to ensure the order of the work.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Education promised to take immediate action, and in the presence of the union leaders, he phoned the Senior Director NTA to look into the matter. and to ensure that the students of the state should be able to write this examination within the state.
Senior Men Best Bowler – Akash Kumar Choudhary (Meghalaya),Senior Men Best Wicketkeeper – Jehu Anderson (Mizoram),NE Zone Player of the Season (Male) – Kishan Lyngdoh (Meghalaya)NE Zone Player of the Season (Female) – Samayita Roy Prodhan (Sikkim) NE Zone Emerging Player (Male) – Aloto Sumi (Nagaland) NE Zone Emerging Player (Female) – Sheikh Neha (Manipur) Senior Women's and Duleep Trophy, Kikam Bhutia (Sikkim), Head Coach of NE Zone Team Sheril Lepcha (Sikkim).
There are 58 cases, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in West Garo Hills. there are 4 of them.
Since the arrival of three doctors in Mynso PHC, the PHC has started to improve especially in providing services to the sick people of this area even at night, and the people are very happy and Therefore, on this basis, the JSU Mynsoo Unit expresses its opposition and urges the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to think about the people of JSU Mynsoo Unit. Shillong, Nailur 08: The Gionee Shillong Premier League match between Malki Sport Club and Malki Sport Club was played at the JN Stadium Shillong today. Shillong Lajong Football Club.
In Shillong, the flag of India was hoisted by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy. In Tura, the flag of India was hoisted by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. Pa Togan N Sangma awarded Rev. George Mamalassery DD for his volunteer work.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Bah Gigur Myrthong, Leader of the Parliamentary Party of the National People's Party (NPP) in KHADC, on Tuesday said that the UDP will not interfere in the internal affairs of the KHADC. initial.
This was stated by the EM of JHADC, Finely Bareh, who replied to a question by the MDC of the constituency, Dawan Lyngdoh, in the last Dorbar Tlang.
Answering a question by M Mawsor on the payment of 1/8 share by the Himas to the KHADC, HS Shylla CEm said that the KHADC has received T.15,05,250/- tyngka and the Himas have received T.15,05,250/-. The payments made in 2017-18 are from Sohra, Nongstoin, Rambrai, Langrin Jirang and Nongjri.
“Most of this funding will be used to strengthen the emergency capacity of the Central and State health facilities followed by the strengthening of disease research for One Health, the community engagement and risk reduction, management, strengthening and monitoring activities.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, Bah Phira Khongphai, said that the village has given 12 hours to the parents involved in this illegal act and to report before the Dorbar Shnong. do not appear within these hours, the village will hand over the child to the law enforcement authorities for further action.
During the visit, the Minister convened a meeting to discuss the schemes related to flood protection. The Daru Flow Irrigation Project (FIP) in Anangpara and the Rongkai FIP in Kalaipara.
Shillong, July 19: The Demand Committee for the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, under the leadership of MLA Martin M Danggo, today met with the Chief Secretary of the State Government of Meghalaya, Y Tsering. This work has been expedited later in relation to the Civil Sub Division in Ranikor which falls under the South West Khasi Hills District.
The tournament will start at 5 pm and the venue will be at Nongthymmai Kyndiar Raid Rangnah.
in anyone who wishes to comment or comment can submit their written comments within 21 days within the office from the date posted within the website.
e.18th October 2013 The Skill Upgrading Training for Women was inaugurated by Dr.Salam.
All 100 Smart Cities have established SCAFs. To date, Smart Cities have held more than 756 SCAF meetings. the Chief Secretary.
This is to ensure that from now on in Meghalaya, no one can come out to demand the rights of the people as this government has now declared Section 144 CrPC in Shillong.
This happened at 6.30 pm.
Those who wish to participate can apply at Doly Music, Iewduh, or send it to:
The office blockade today was against the government's decision not to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Everest Expedition Team and climb Mt.
The party demands that there should be an ILP to curb the entry and exit of foreigners and not a law to help the entry of foreigners into our state.
U Bah Michel Syiem, who has worked hard to organize the Wine Festival in Shillong, to explain to the government that it should allow people to make wine from the fruits produced in the state. , but at present the government has not recognized this issue.
Before the opening ceremony, a meeting was conducted by Elias Lamare, President of Labang Nongphullut. Welcome speech was delivered by Ioanis Lin Talang. parent company.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the Council will soon send a Detailed Plan of Action to implement the Solid Waste Management Programme, for financial support from the World Bank.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated TD Shira for being elected unopposed as the Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
New Delhi, Nailar 18: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind today appointed Satya Pal Malik as the new Governor of Meghalaya. sha Meghalaya.
Most of the participants are under 35 years of age, the youngest is Shashwat Shukla from Mumbai, Maharashtra who is 18 years old in the category of Music Composition/Sound Design.
The committee met on Saturday at Amhi IB, the headquarters of the Forest Department of the Assam government.
The complaint against the power plant is mainly on the increase in the price of the power plant which has exceeded the price allocated during the construction period.
On the other hand, the KHADC urges the Central Government to implement the BEFR 1873 as approved by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly which has decided to demand from the Central Government to implement the BEFR. This decision was passed by the State Legislative Assembly on
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, Additional Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Political Affairs, today sent a letter to the civil society groups and political parties to inform them that The Union Home Minister has invited them to a meeting in Delhi to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Those who attended the meeting were government officials, civil society officials and many environmentalists.
She said that she will speak on the remaining issues that the state has already taken and those that remain now. She said that she will not find it difficult because she has been trained as an MLA who has been in the government and the opposite side.
The Minister said that the Global Investors Summit for the North East should be held soon and all the State Governments should start work to open up investment opportunities.
His arrival in Shillong was to take part in a meeting of the Chiefs of Army Staff of the region and at the same time the Army Chiefs of the region gave him a salute for his efforts. I will retire from my post on the 31st of this month.
Organizing Secretary: Riturn PassahPublicity Secretary : please LathongAssist.
As they understand in the midst of humanity, how painful the hearts and souls of the nations are without being able to appreciate it.
We have some places in South India in Ooty and in the Nilgiri Hills and I am thinking of building more such places, maybe in Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Aizawl because these places are on the hills”.
The history of the Mawpdang Church is more than 100 years old when the Church was established in 1917 through the Apostles of Khasiland Rev. Fr.Sohblei Vendrame, Rev.Fr.Ussai, Rev.C. Attard, Rev. Fr. Peter Schiavon, who are missionaries from Italy.
After completion of the process, the DLC sends the applications to the State Level Empowered Committee headed by the Director (Census Operations).
The Prime Minister of India, on his invitation, will attend the 20th National Assembly of Indonesia. ASEAN is also the 18th region of East Asia.
Mawngap, Iaiong 21: More than 100,000 people from all over the Bri u Hynniewtrep today attended the 32nd meeting of the “Seng Khihlang” which was held at Mawngap. day".
On the other hand, Samla Frederick Kharmawphlang urged the people of the area to unite and strengthen their ownership of the country by saying, “We should not accept the term Block I, Block II or that it is a disputed area. Because if we accept them, it shows that we accept that it is a place of judgment.
He said that except Assam, all the states in the North East will reach 100% of the JalJeevan Mission target by 26th July
The District Council receives 60% and the State Government 40%, while the coal while the primary schools are under the KHADC, 75% is allocated to the District Council and 25% is taken by the State Government. However, after the government took over the schools, the District Councils received 25% and the State Government received 75%.
The song is one of the steps of the ECI's Systematic Voter Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) programme, which is a voter training program that focuses on voter participation and preparation methods. This song aims to educate the voters about their rights and duties to strengthen the democracy and also to encourage them to participate further in election activities.
Fire brigade vehicles immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Mawlai Circle President Bah Biangdor L Paliar said that the drawing competition was held today on the theme of fighting against drugs.
Now the cultivation of rabi crops is going on.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, on Tuesday confirmed that she will soon provide the necessary facilities to the four government health centres. A Local Taxi Maruti 800 collided with a truck at Kynshi village in West Khasi Hills District at 7 pm.
The three arrested were identified as Richard Warjri, Kailash Sharma and Wakil Sunn.
The CSWO said that various departments of the government should correct their mistakes so that things can go smoothly and not allow politicians to do whatever they want.
This month, 196 cows worth T.36 lakh were seized.
Shillong, July 25: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced that 397 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the districts of East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills. Hills 211, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5, North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 20, South Garo Hills 4, South West Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 11, West Garo Hills 104, West Jaintia Hills 10, West Khasi Hills 2 cases .
Ampati, Iaiong 16: Hundreds of houses have been destroyed by a cyclone in South West Garo Hills District on Saturday morning. of nature.
He said there have been allegations that the channels belong to the BJP or the Congress party.
The KSU has expressed its satisfaction that the MLA of Nongpoh today brought forward the issue of ILP for clarification from the government.
Cultural Secretary  Jaintia Students’ Union.
Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, while supporting the adjournment, said that in the last four years, the growth that the state has seen is the increase in insurgency in the state.
Shillong, July 12: The Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, today urged the CMJ University to close down the CMJ University. This is the school that has been destroyed.
Madanryting Police Station has registered a complaint and the investigation is ongoing.
According to the estimates, the total number of farmers in the state who will receive this assistance from the government will be 1,95,500 across the state. This is 50,000 people.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the entire square has been flooded where the roads have been cut off and this has caused the flooding inside the square which has caused the well to collapse. other parts of the stadium did not have any damage.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the four MDCs of the Congress party who have won the current MDC elections are MDCs who have been in the party and who have won two or three times. to come they shall prevail again as in the past.
“Changing my job from the one I currently hold is an extremely difficult decision.
“If we follow the sections of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation 1954, Section 3A sub section (a) to (f) and other provisions which are not already in this Regulation, we understand. that they can no longer be issued licenses even if they apply.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Union Minister of State for Child Development George Kurian has arrived in Meghalaya to attend a meeting of the State Executive Committee of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Regarding the MRSSA, the implementation has started and the construction of checkpoints at the entry and exit points like Umlong, Mendipathar has been completed, while the construction at Bajengdoba and Tatachers is ongoing. Discussions with the Central Government on the amendment of the MRSSA through the Governor are also ongoing.
In this regard, the Minister said in the House that the government has talked to the central government that the schemes of the state should be looked after by the state government.
Shillong, Iaiong 08: Five houses have been destroyed in a sudden fire at Barapathar at 11.45 am today.
NPP National President Conrad K Sangma has congratulated the BJP workers who came together to support the NPP in the MP elections from 1-Shillong (ST) and 2-Tura (ST). Parliamentary Constituency.
The Seng is proud of this Heprit for her hard work until she has brought honor to the village, district and the state and hopes that in the coming days she will be able to do so. I have brought many other honors to the District, to the Khasi people and also to the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Speaking of the life of people in India, it has now reached 5000 years, but this tendency to have a spiritual life continues to this day because people Respect for the pioneers like Swamis because their teachings are accurate and this is how the customs and traditions live in India.
New Delhi, Jymmang 09: The Minister of State for Civil Aviation, KC Venugopal, today said in the Lok Sabha of India that the airports operating in the North East There are nine cities in India, Agartala, Aizawl, Bagdogra, Dibrugarh, Dimapur, Guwahati, Imphal, Jorhat and Silchar.
Answering questions from the media, he said that if there is no law to protect whether it is an Inner Line Permit or any other law, it doesn't matter if it doesn't have a law to protect against entry. If there is no law, don't talk about the railway. This is clear what the party has to say.
At this meeting, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, East Jaintia Hills, has invited Bah John F Kharshiing, the Union of Chiefs of East Jaintia Hills, and the Federation of Khasi States, to help clarify these Village Acts. new laws will be enacted by the KHADC authorities and without doubt the JHADC authorities can enact similar laws.
Mawdem, Nailur 23: The Organizing Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Nikson Dohling has visited Mawdem village in Ri Bhoi District to confirm the office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
Shillong, Naitung 10: Shillong Police have arrested Anirban Nath, an employee of M/S Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Limited, on charges of misusing LIC funds. the public that you have collected without registering to the company.
On the morning of 16th June 2023, hundreds of members of CCORMAU marched outside the MeECL Shillong office along with their Pla Cards to demand the release of the electricity supply. salary for June 2023.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Shella Constituency today held a meeting at the residence of Dr Donkupar Roy to contest the mid-term elections for Bah Synrem is the son of Dr Don.
Encouragement is needed because today's knowledge is not only in education but in all fields.
All these 86 cases are related to the arson attacks that took place during the ILP protests of the civil society.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HMYWO) has expressed its gratitude to the State Selection Committee especially to the office of NYKS, Meghalaya Zone for selecting the party for the Best State Youth Club Award 13 to encourage the organization to work better and to improve in the public service.
The new Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang has issued a public notice that from 30th June, 2024 she will meet with the residents of the state regarding their problems. .
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) today distributed leaflets to explain the working of the Inner Line Permit.
This year the third Suk Mynsiem Shad started on 8/4/2023 followed by the second Shad and today is the last day. They came from far away to take part in this dance and to witness this traditional Khasi dance.
In this regard, the MSPB has urged the officers to take action to explain to the public to remember to register when the MHIS is renewed through Phase-3, which will start soon, as part of the to benefit from the health services provided by the State Government for all the residents.
Police have arrested two persons, Skhemlang Lyngdoh, 18, and Babiangdor Khyriem,
TRAU FC opened the scoring through Robinson Singh Soraisam in the 13th minute and Lajong equalized through Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 18th minute. step.
When they conducted a search, they found three bags of ammunition from his bag and when they opened these bags, they found that there were 149 rounds of bullets. which is Amphetamine.
It provides us with drinking water because it is covered with forest.
The teachers have now suspended their strike and will wait for the outcome of the talks tomorrow morning and hope that the government will do something for them later. He called for this meeting in the capacity of Additional Chief Secretary.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that Meghalaya has tested positive for COVID-1 I was treated in East Khasi Hills District.
The union demands that trucks should be punished if found taking passes on the highways and the police department should take action to prevent the public from getting into trouble especially those who go to hospital for treatment and others. they are not quick.
Siju CP 4.
According to a statement sent, the meeting was convened by the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government in charge of the North East.
Shillong, Naitung 01: It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the region and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to include all the languages ​​in one central language.
The Union Minister in charge of Food and Civil Supplies said that the implementation of this scheme is in progress and on 30th July 2020, the recipients of the ration can collect from Discussions have been held with the Secretaries of the States in charge of the Food and Beverage Department.
The Chief Guest also said that she is very hot about the discussion of providing information in the treatment of patients.
The Seng also urges the State Government to follow up on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule. The Seng also requests all the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to follow the example of the Deputy Commissioner. of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 22 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. Two cases from Garo Hills and two cases from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Answering a question by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the Minister in charge of Home Guard, Bah Comingone Ymbon, said that it is a voluntary group and the employment of them is not only when there is work so they cannot claim to be recognized as permanent employees.
He said that the BJP party after coming to power in the central government has placed a special memorial to these freedom fighters of the country and in the struggle for freedom from the hands of the Khasi people. It was in this struggle that Kiang Nangbah was executed 84 years before India gained independence.
These clothes were handed over to the Custom Office for further processing.
Replying to a question by RV Lyngdoh on the Tpwn Committee, EM in charge of Town Committee, Paul Lyngdoh said that the KHADC has already issued a public notice. the KHADC Building Structure Regulatory Authority and this will prepare the Building Bylaw.
He said that the office bearers of the party will continue to help the people through other good deeds to the people of Ri-Bhoi. The district is one of the districts with the highest incidence of malaria and therefore the people need these kimosari to protect themselves from the diseases.
BJP National President Jagat Prakash Nadda has appointed two new co-charges for Manipur, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Nagaland.
Regarding the coal mining, he said that they have been able to start the coal mining on 24th November 2021, while those who went to Dawki have not yet been able to start the coal mining. The shallan has been issued for more than two months.
Shillong, June 13: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today said that 87 people have tested positive for COVID-19 today. There are 270 cases in Ri Bhoi, 03 in West Jaintia Hills and 1 in West Khasi Hills.
The union demands that the government should send an inquiry into the incident. According to the union's information, the driver of the vehicle is not from the police station but from the fire brigade. and the vehicle shipped is not bullet proof.
The scheme now covers a total of 14.5 crore farmers in the country.
Other speakers at the meeting were Kilin Sohshang, Philistita Majaw. The meeting opened with a prayer by Kilin Sohsang and concluded with a prayer by Baiamon. The meeting was chaired by Agens Sohnoh.
This will be in the categories of 57kg, 61kg, 65kg, 70kg, 74kg, 79kg, and women in the categories of 50kg, 53kg, 55kg, 57kg, 59kg. Before leaving for the 3rd National Games 2025 in Nagaland.
He also thanked all those who have donated to fight against this disease.
Shillong, July 15: Doctors and other nurses at Nazareth Hospital.
Shillong, June 10: The High Court of Meghalaya, in a recent hearing, has ordered the government to pay T.40,000/- (forty thousand tyngka) to a taxi driver who He was arrested by the police at Madanrting Police Station.
Referring to the CAB, the Congress party has not opposed the bill, the MP has not said anything regarding the opposition to the CAB. This government has done many things in this year, if the people elect him as MP he will be a bridge between the state and Delhi, as well as the people of Garo Hills will win the NPP candidate Agatha. .
At this public meeting, MAWU also expressed the speech of the MLA of Nongpoh in the House regarding the employment of ASHA workers in the state.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India established the National Florence Nightingale Award in 1973 in recognition of the services of nurses to society.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said that until now there has been no discussion regarding the MP candidate. decide.
On the other hand, the union demands that the relevant authorities and the district authorities should immediately address these shortcomings in the bank which have caused problems to the people of this area who will get the Civil Sub Division as promised. the Government.
Shillong, June 07: The Indian Metrological Department (IMD) has forecast thunderstorms and thundershowers across Meghalaya for the next three days.
Shillong, Lber 27: Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma from 56-Gambegre today said that the rice distributed to the poor households is no longer rice.
The meeting was attended by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA-MDC, Bah PN Syiem (CEM of KHADC), Bah Antonio War (EM), Paiem Latho Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Rangbah Shnongs of the Lai Dorbars. Irene Hujon, President of CSWO and the residents of the area.
Tata Frank Motors team reached the finish line in 5.51 minutes, AMB School team in 5.56 minutes and placed fourth and fifth followed by Shillong Press Club in 5.59 minutes and Frank Yamaha.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Shillong Police have arrested Shanbor Marboh on charges of raping a disabled woman at Umkaliar on Saturday.
“We have arrested a fourth person today in connection with the bomb blast.
During the meeting with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, he promised to set a date for a meeting with the Union Home Minister in Delhi.
The KHNAM has said that it will investigate from the ground up to find out the scientific methods of the State Government regarding the Amendment of the year and the Roster System.
This area has also become a hotbed of drugs, prostitution, theft and this poses a threat to all the residents.
This is the first time that the traditional knowledge systems that have supported income and society for centuries have become part of the world's systems.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation Departments said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Cooperation Department has recently taken a new step and started the work of repatriating the money of the depositors staying in the cooperative societies of the Sahara Group.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: A meeting has been convened by the General Secretary of the Congress party in charge of strengthening the party, Venugopal, in Delhi today to discuss the upcoming mid-term MLA elections. Manish Chatrath was also present in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 01: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS), South West Khasi Hills District, has inspected the toilets of schools and toilets. Public and garbage dumps inside the Head Quarter of the District, Mawkyrwat today.
Police have not released the names of the two arrested but said that the ages of the two arrested are 29 years old and 30 years old. of these two.
Regarding the Dewbilat Factories in Jaintia Hills, Bah PL Majaw President of JYF Sengkmie said, “Pleng are politicians who are fighting for business without hesitation to think about the destruction of the forests which give life to the people. '.
Bah Lapang also expressed his gratitude to the government officers from DC, SP, DHMO, BDO and others who have cooperated with the village of Balang to expedite the treatment facilities in various hospitals as well as to complete the the bodies of those who died yesterday.
The DCC acknowledged that the Congress party's failure in these areas is the lack of public awareness of the government's schemes for them.
The President of the HNPF has alleged that the District Council has not been able to do anything on the demand of the HNPF because there is a common understanding between the KHADC and the Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima. jur this thing.
Furthermore, in the murder of a Rangbah from Block 2 in the past few months, they have not seen anything from the Government, but they have seen that the help has come from Karbi Anglong.
Shillong, Lber 13: Unidentified persons have abducted Jairul Islam, 19, from Bongaigaon, Dangkhong village.
The union also suspected that there may be a disobedience to the order of the DC when it is issued but the union urged that this issue should not be just to please anyone by taking an urgent decision but should be discussed until don't be afraid.
The atmosphere was electric from the first whistle and the action on the pitch did not disappoint.
“Initially, we arrested two people and this afternoon, we arrested three others.
The contract agreement was accepted and approved by all the members of the Union including almost all the employees of MeECL at the general meeting held on
The BSF troops of the 4Battalion have been involved in harassing market vendors and farmers.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U Emoly Khongsti, President of the Pynursla Block Congress Committee (PBCC), on Tuesday said that the sudden dissolution of the PBCC by the MPCC without any reason has angered its supporters. Congress party in Pynursla.
As it is now, everything is illegal.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that there is a need to extend telephones to all the villages in the state.
The facts of how the families live, work and socialize on both sides of the border.
The digital payment system is critical to businesses of all sizes and is also essential to the development of a country.
On the last day, 475 youths from the boys and 475 girls took part in the dance. 715 people were injured in the attack.
In a statement, the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that through this decision, the government will give a new salary to 112 government college teachers and 605 non-government college teachers. don in the state.
In his speech, Bah Blah said that people should be clean to prevent the spread of this disease and urged the school children to be the spokespersons in spreading this disease. message of purity to others.
More than 300 residents of Mawkynrew area have benefited from the distribution of medicines in the presence of Father Renju George, Parish Priest Holy Cross, Mawkynrew and also the Principal of Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawkynrew together with the office bearers and members of the Catholic Women's Association, Mawkynrew Parish.
Former Rajya Sabha MP Thomas K Sangma North Tura, along with other NPP candidates Esmatur Mominin from Phulbari, Subir Marak from Rangsakona, Brening Sangma from Dalu, Benedict Marak of Raksamgre, registered his nomination today.
The violence lasted for about 10 months, but after the talks both sides agreed to reach an understanding and forget what happened, according to reports.
On the last day, along with the dancers, dignitaries including North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Mawlai Constituency Teiborlang, also attended the ceremony. Pathaw, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, General Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie, members of the JPK Seng Khasi Kmie, together with the people from near and far to fill the tournament. other.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Japanese Ambassador to India Hiroshi Suzuki today met with Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bahvan Shillong.
Construction, such as road construction, irrigation construction, all construction in factories, including MSMEs in the rural areas should be outside the municipalities and municipal corporations.
He said that Yoga brings peace, helps us to be peaceful in the fight against the challenges of life.
In her speech, Sherry Lalthangzo, Director (HRD&E) urged the youth to take advantage of this opportunity given by the NEC to emerge as young people who can work in any field. everything.
Paul said that when the party nominates a candidate, it will not say who will win but he should be close to victory.
The Best Pitcher was awarded to Krishna Thapa of Dkhiah and Larishisha Phawa of Dkhiah.
The Mission has also released financial assistance from the Central Government under the Mission to 74 out of 100 cities.
On the other hand, Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie said that the students should work harder so that they can achieve fame without forgetting or underestimating the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew tomorrow.
However, the minister did not say how much the share is between the government and others within the government company.
Shillong, Naitung 4 : A short film titled 'Nongshun' will be released in the next few months.
In the second half, Lajong tried to slow down the game but Sreenidi's players tried hard to break the defense line of Lajong to score in the 63rd minute through Rosenberg Gabriel. scored two goals in this match.
At this meeting, MLA of 17-North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum welcomed the meeting and in his speech he said that this is the long-standing wish of the residents of Jail Road. He stressed that cleanliness is essential at this time.
However, the DC understands the problems of the area regarding the need to provide electricity and she said that she will try to address these issues to solve the problems of the people.
The union will continue to strike while the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the MLA of South Tura, has not yet discussed the issues raised and the issue of making Tura the capital. the capital of the state.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Deputy Commissioner.
There should be some extension in the screening of films so that there will be order in the entry and exit of people.
Although MePDCL has promised to meet these demands, we strongly condemn it because it has not yet met with the village leaders and the people in the three places where the Chief Engineer has promised. establish.
The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides has lost many supporters and has found it difficult to fill this vacancy. I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it.
Answering questions, Bajop said that he has not applied for a ticket yet but if the party gives him a ticket according to the wishes of many, he is ready to contest the election. half-season.
In his speech, he explained to the public that they should not spread on the roads as this is the most dangerous place when people walk and this can lead to injury. public places and to be clean.
At these public meetings, Conrad said that as MP of Tura, he has spoken on the issues of the people of Garo Hills, the state, the North East and especially the people of Garo Hills. the problems faced by the indigenous peoples and as Christians who are foreigners.
The mission aims to provide water supply to every household in rural areas by 2023 to bring about a change in the lifestyle of the people.
She also urged the parents to take good care of their children and spend time with them so that their children can avoid these kinds of evils.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Mawroh Dorbar Shnong condemns in this regard, the distribution of bad food to the public puts the children at risk and this will also affect the poor.
The DPR of T.89.90 crore has been sent to THDCIL at the Regional Office in Guwahati on 18/July/2024 for approval from the Central Government. money.
The public is advised to contact these numbers if they have any incident.
He said that the installation of the gate in various parts has affected the farmers in that they cannot transport their produce on time.
There are 72 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 34 from East Garo Hills, 26 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi District, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from South West Garo Hills. The total number of cases has risen to
Process Sawkmie, who is not from the Congress party, has remained the Chief Whip of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. .
The first phase of the award ceremony took place on 7th July, 2020 and could not continue due to the COVID19 pandemic.
The saying goes, when God has a plan, he needs man to join hands with that part,” he added.
Awasthi took questions from those appointed to assist and reminded them that they should hold the honor of Meghalaya to provide the best service so that others who come from other states can The eastern part of India is remembered when they leave.
This book is a collection of information and events from the past that the author has collected and compiled.
Ernest said that Meghalaya will benefit greatly from this scheme. The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that in 2023 the BJP will lead the government in Meghalaya. benefit from this scheme.
Kharkamni said he does not want to see this incident on the border of Block I and Block II happen like in Garo Hills where the people will suffer and not understand because of the demand for money by the insurgents.
However, when talking to the Heads of the Electricity Department, it was understood that the main reason is due to the situation in the State and the world due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The construction of the transformer in Mawlum Tyrsad Village.
On the other hand, the MDC said that there is a need to find a place to build a road from another place, so that if there is a landslide, the people can walk from another place but as of now there is no other way. .
The police's arrest and unfounded charges are robbery and rape.
They said that this unscheduled power outage has affected the people of Ri-bhoi especially the youth who are preparing for their studies at various levels.
The incident happened at about 1 pm this morning. In connection with this incident, police are conducting a thorough search for these prisoners on all the highways. vehicles passing through the highways from heavy to small vehicles to prevent these prisoners from fleeing to other states or countries.
The demonetisation and implementation of GST has reduced the number of payments in cash.
Regarding the Marvellene Inn, he said that three cases have been registered against the inn, one at Madanriting Police Station, one at Laitumkhrah Police Station and one at Laban Police Station. to prevent these crimes.
The death toll from districts is 16 from East Garo Hills, 32 from East Jaintia Hills, 1007 from North Garo Hills, 8 from Ri Bhoi, 12 from South Garo Hills and 18 from South West Khasi Hills. 17, West Garo Hills 73, West Jaintia Hills 36 and West Khasi Hills 74. The total number of deaths is
The Central Government will continue to provide support to the States of the North Eastern Region of India to bring peace and stability so that the people of the country can reap the fruits of the “There is a need for full democracy in all aspects especially in the field of income,” said a statement sent by the PIB. (SP News).
New Delhi, Nailar 08: The promotion of connectivity between India and Bangladesh, through the North East, is an essential part of our relations and the progress seen in recent years.
She received T.1.3 to build this house.
To reduce traffic jam in Shillong, the government will purchase 100 vehicles to use light to transport school children and for this purpose the government has allocated T.20 crore.
Head Constable D Bordoloi allegedly pulled him by the hand to throw him into the police vehicle, but the member of the union refused and did not get into the police vehicle but forcibly threw him into the police vehicle. Members of the party have informed the president of the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The 2015-16 I-League season has come to an end for the North Eastern Region of India. The club honors the best players in all sports.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Assistant Director of Program Implementation and Evaluation, Shillong a Garo girl named Jenny.
He said that the organizers of the meeting will consider the measures they will take to force the government to reopen and implement the MCCL. Shillong, Lber 23: Today. The Central Body of Jaintia Students (JSU) has sent a letter to the Divisional Commercial Manager of the Northeast Frontier Railway.
It is expected that the programs will promote patriotism, national unity and participation of future generations to become beneficial and responsible citizens of India. country.
The union has found out that there is only one Lab-Technician and this creates a problem because when the COVID 19 tests are conducted in the villages, the hospital is empty without Lab Technicians and the people are suffering to get proper treatment. .
On the other hand, the MLA of this village, Martin M Danggo, has taken the initiative to do something for the village to prevent it from being flooded every year and to ensure that the people from this village. the village should not become a refugee.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the meeting was held today to request the Rangbah Shnongs to give their support for the maintenance of peace and order in Shillong.
In his speech, Bah Starfing Jove Langpen Pdahkasiej said that it took about 8 years to compile this book.
The award was presented by KM Momin, Joint Director, Tourism, Government of Meghalaya at a function held on the 8th of this month in Mumbai.
He also urged the young children to work hard and succeed in their studies because in this age only knowledge is like a sword to fight against many problems.
Jowai, July 24: Students of Kiangnangbah Government College today met with the Principal to discuss the loss of classes of the students who have passed matriculation and class XII. The Principal, Kong JMQ Lyngdoh, has urged the students to reopen the morning classes at the college so that the students will not miss classes especially Class XI. They requested the principal to increase the number of seats inside the college as there are only about 100 students who have not yet entered classes.
The HNLC congratulates the youth who have sacrificed themselves for the sake of the nation.
Other government officials who attended the ceremony included Bah HG Lyngdoh SP of West Jaintia Hills, many other government officials and senior leaders of the college. .
During the investigation by the HYC members, these drug users confessed that they used to steal nar jot from all parts of Shillong at 3:00-3:30 pm.
The Sports Authority of India, Shillong, won many medals in the last tournament, while AMKA won the women's category.
“The question is what MeECL has done on this.
She said that after a thorough investigation, the government has found that the appointment of retired officers is against the rules and regulations. to the Chairman of the Lokayukta in which he has appointed persons who are still government employees to carry out the functions of the Lokayukta in accordance with the rules.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Village Leaders of Mawlai Mawdatbaki under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong BR Kharmujai and Secretary LS Lyngdoh today met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong. to discuss the accident which happened recently on the 13th of this month which took the life of a mother.
“These people are our heritage, and we need to follow their example, learn about them, be inspired by their work.
All three missions will be implemented during the term of the 15th Finance Commission from 2021-22 to 2025-2
Regarding the increase in the price of rice to the rural areas, the traders from the rural areas when they come to Shillong have been waiting all day and after loading the rice they have received only a few borni. rising prices of food because they have to produce fares.
Therefore, the police department has taken action to reach the scene and to take these people outside and prepare to return them to the place where they came from.
The teams that participated in this tournament were from all the districts of the state.
“We expect that the government offices will take care of the problems of the people but this has not happened even after the time has passed.
(iii).
However, the Sanad to confirm the Doloi of Bah Kynjing will be issued once the JHADC has received the report in the House.
In a meeting with the doctors, they told the Minister that many people in the area suffer from diabetes and hypertension and the Minister urged the people to go and see the doctors immediately. in government hospitals.
Speaking on the occasion, the participants said that the year 1972 was the year when this was taken into effect and there is no forgiveness in this regard.
After the dorbar synrai, there will be a visit between the Regional Committees from Meghalaya and Assam. The meeting today was to see the first report of these Regional Committees.
The group of girls left for Delhi as part of the Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat programme.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, MS Rao today said that the government has decided to increase to 50% the number of people gathering in places of worship, cinemas, restaurants, sports grounds.
According to the KHADC, out of the 44 foreigners who appealed to the High Court, 20 are exporters which means they don't have shops but only an office.
Surprisingly, the receipt of funds from the central government has decreased significantly compared to previous years.
Other sources said that the fire broke out at the JHADC New Market today and the loss was lakhs of rupees.
The BSF has been conducting such assistance from time to time to develop the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
I can say here that anyone who does not knieh pali in the lines, who respects the public goods and also those in front of him in these lines, is a person who shows the spirit of freedom.
Shillong, March 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today raised its demand for the Inner Line Permit in the state by placing signs on the streets in Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Today, faithful from all parishes of Shillong Archdiocese, Jowai and Nongstoin Diocese attended the annual Procession at Cathedral Parsih. , Laitumkhrah to proclaim his Christianity in the Catholic Church.
Shillong, July 16: Fifteen shops have been destroyed in a sudden fire at Umsning Market today at about 3 pm. tenant.
The distribution of household tips is ongoing and until now we have not been able to get an exact count of how many households have received the tips as the distribution is still ongoing and the counting has not been carried out. how many were torn by the storm and how many were overcome by the hail.
The closing program also included a performance by violinist Sunita Bhuyan.
On the other hand, the KSU leader said that the KSU will not stand idly by because if they protest against the insult of their fellow citizens, the KSU will have to come out to protect the insult. the wickedness of their fellow citizens.
During the meeting, it was understood that the state government has already sent its recommendation to the government and the topic of the meeting was to clarify whether the state government has already sent it to the central government. I understand that the state government has already sent it.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Student organizations in the North East today held protests in all the states of the region by holding rallies in their respective states. the cities according to their states.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War today announced that all those who have tested positive for COVID-1 There are 79 cases in East Khasi Hills, 52 cases in East Garo Hills, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills.
In fact, the PHC is not enough to have only three doctors and the health department should have provided more doctors and staff Norse, but it is not known why. “I don't have the right to transfer you to another doctor,” said the lawyerson.
The residents of this area do not have a health center and the nearest health center for them is Mawkyrwat CHC and the distance from this center is more than 48 km. I have to go to Shillong.
On the basis of the complaint, the police have arrested the leader of the party.
Regarding the presence of police in Langpih, the KSU has demanded that the government should set up a police station in this area to provide security to the people of Langpih. “The government has not done anything on this demand for many years,” said John F Nongsiang President of KSU Weat Khasi Hill District.
The encouragement to install solar lights is to reduce the consumption of light and to reduce the cost of paying for light. Shillong.
Each boat is said to cost T.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Governor said that it is something that has to be done to preserve the traditional dances for the better. to receive them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 506, mostly from East Khasi Hills District 293 cases. to 50336 people.
If the Khasi community can go to their homes and investigate how the incident happened, they have the power to lodge a complaint to get a reason to arrest the Khasi children in Laban.
There was a need to shake up the old way of working so that India could move towards digital payments.
Modi spoke about the paperless Parliament and the implementation of digital technology introduced by the Speaker and thanked him for this.
After the implementation of electric traction, trains with electric locomotives will now be able to operate from Mendipathar in Meghalaya and this will speed up these trains.
The dewbilat factory is located at Damascus in Garo Hills, about 25 km from the capital of North Garo Hills.
Michael Douglas, Hollywood actor and producer, will attend the IFFI to receive the award along with his wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones. I'm a very famous actress.
These three laws will come into force on 1 May 2024.
The office of the DCs, BDOs and village officials should take action for the benefit of the farmers.
Others who attended the ceremony were Donald V. Thabah General Secretary, KSU CEC, Shemphang L. Mawphlang, Organizing Secretary, KSU CEC Biangbor Paliar and other leaders of the KSU CEC. only.
Why should we do that? She said that the Government in the year 2021-2022 has spent T.91.2 crore for the monthly salary of ASHAs. The Fixed Monthly Incentive of ASHAs and the backlog of T.53 crore has been paid in addition to the backlog of T.21.96 crore paid under the NHM.
When the owner of the shop came and opened the door, he found that all the goods in the shop were gone. fingers.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani has strongly condemned the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. The HANM has demanded the appointment of an independent inquiry into the incident. it also demands the immediate release of detained children.
Bah Banshai promised before him that I will continue to follow up on this project until it is completed without rest as I have been following from the beginning and I urge the CPWD department to call to submit the tender as soon as possible without delay within this year and also to select the contractors who can take over the work and also to start immediately without delay. other parts until it reached the limit of protest for the cause of the students at the school.
About 5 trillion plastic bags are used every year.
At the same time, the Chairperson of the NCPCR has urged the state police to be vigilant against the presence of 731 pharmacies in the state, which sell Schedule H and Schedule X drugs, which contain psychotropic substances without you have received the correct prescription.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Regarding the incident on Tuesday morning, 22nd November 2022, in which five Khasi souls were forcibly abducted by the Assam authorities at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills, the CEC of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) The meeting was held at 2 pm today to discuss and resolve such incidents which happen frequently to the Khasi people in the border areas.
Speaking to reporters, Martina Lynttan, Incident Commander and Extra Assistant Commissioner, said that people have now begun to understand the importance of cleanliness and the presence of this disease. They have forgotten to follow the guidelines issued by the government either at home or at work.
The members of the KSU Mawprem Circle were sworn in for the term 2019-2022 by the President of the KSU CEC, Bah Lambok Starwell Marngar.
On the other hand, the MLA of Mawsynram urged the government to send to the central government to request for a PHC in the area where there are about 16 villages and more than 20,000 residents. .
Until now, there is no road that is clear where we can say that it is clean and clear, but implement the roads that are clear if there is no defect in the planting method. loud.
The Ampati District and Sessions Court in South West Garo Hills District was opened in 2017 from a temporary building and the opening today of the newly built court will help speed up the process. in delivering justice to the people.
Answering a question on the doctors, the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that the doctors who treat COVID-19 patients do not go to treat others. There are also those who are sick, except those doctors who are specialists if they have work, but even if they go, they have ensured that there will be no contact with the sick.
Investigation revealed that on the 29th July, 2024 at about 6:30 pm, a man named Silnang R. Marak from Asiragre village found a weapon which was stolen. “A French-made PS-20 meteomodem attached to a red parachute fell on the ground floor of his house.
The residents of the village have informed the police regarding the incident and the police from Nonghyllam Police Station have rushed to the scene to arrest the robbers. The robbers fled after shooting at the crowd.
Shillong, Lber 22: The National People's Party (NPP), which is the allied party of the UDP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), is now looking into the dispute within the UDP party regarding the post of Chief Executive Member in the District Council.
Shillong, July 08: UDP MDC from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla MDC from Nongkrem, has demanded that Dr Donkupar Roy, president of the United Democratic Party (UDP) The party has to step down and hand over the post to Bah Dindo M Lanong or Bah Paul Lyngdoh or Dr Jemino Mawthoh so that they can renew the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP. MLA Election
He said that this original land tenure system had to go through social agreements between the Dominant of India and the Syiems, Doloi or Chiefs and this was signed on 17th July
Once the arrangements are made, the government will take measures to appoint teachers in these schools where there are no teachers and in those areas the children can be sent to the schools in the villages.
He said AICC President Sonia Gandhi and Vice President Rahul Gandhi want to see that the development schemes of the government, whether they belong to the central or state governments, should be implemented. good.
In his speech, Rev.H.H.Mohmen said that women should know their rights.
On the other hand, the exporters are facing a lot of difficulties as the market is also low this year.
According to police sources, the bodies of these two men whose bodies were found today, both of them have been missing since the 5th of this month.
The Government is interested in talented athletes and we need to work with the youth and sports associations to see the development of athletes.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem, today said that police have identified the names of two men who died in the collapse of a tree from Raj Bhavan. The deceased was identified as Bah Paulus Lyngdoh, 51, and Bah Paulus Lyngdoh, 51, of Raj Bhavan yesterday afternoon. were identified as Paulus Lyngdoh 51 years old and Hubert Swer 35 years old.
The Seng strongly condemns this writer Manjir Ghosh and demands that the government should punish and arrest this person who has disgraced the Khasi people.
Shillong, March 26: Shillong Police today arrested two drug dealers from a hotel on GS Road in Ploice Bazar and seized 250.64 grams of heroin from them. .
The total construction cost includes about T.9 crore as land rent and T.74.38 crore as construction cost.
 Listen to radio updates and rely only on official warnings.
He said he hoped that the newly launched CRC would provide assistance to 21 lists of persons with disabilities and would also conduct training for them.
The union also expresses its surprise at the statements of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the Government on the statement that “the tax on fuel will be paid to the salaries of teachers”. Would it be appropriate not to take money from teachers, students to pay back teachers?
Seeing for himself the deterioration of the Shillong-Jowai road, the Chief Minister said that the government will repair the road as much as possible from the government and at the same time he will write to the central government to ask for funds. build this road.
The BSF has agreed to cooperate with the residents together with the BSF in order to maintain peace and order in the area and to fight against the infiltration of foreign nationals. pud and sam to India.
The HITO has lodged a complaint at the Sadar Police Station alleging that some MLAs have disappeared from their homes.
The State Government has allowed these five dewbilat companies to violate the law as they please, which has resulted in a huge loss to the State which has amounted to T. 43.45 crore according to the CAG report.
When asked why the Government has taken this decision, the Minister said, “Because there is no more work within the Housing Board as it is now.
On the other hand, Bah Bajop said that although the KHADC has already allocated T.30 lakh for the construction of the police outpost at Langpih, the State Government has given reasons why it cannot. to operate the outpost now as the matter is still under discussion.
During the meeting, the Minister said that the state government will take action on the demands of the workers but he has not promised to act on their demand to increase their salaries.
“On our part, we as the union, we also demand that the government should immediately repair the road and should not force the political parties or the people to come out in protest because “This will have a serious impact on the income and peace and stability in the state as a whole,” said Bah P Dkhar General Secretary SRS-EJHD.
The President said that the inclusion of the duties in the Constitution, the Parliament of India has made it clear that knowing the rights should be known, one must also know the rights. that should be done on behalf of the citizens of the country.
Before the distribution of these items, a short meeting was held and the meeting was conducted by Samla Aristone Thabah who is the President of the KSU Unit.
In her speech, Ms. Ariva Laloo, Assistant Director of MACS, expressed her gratitude to the college together with Nazareth Hospital for conducting this blood donation.
We have to think and ask ourselves carefully about that.
The total number of injured has risen to 35 and 162 households have been left homeless.
During the meeting with the DAO, he promised to take care of the problems of the farmers through the Directorate level so that the farmers can get more assistance for the development of agriculture in Jaintia Hills. whole.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the calendar shows the belief of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in SabkaSaath, SabkaVikas and SabkaVishwas.
The group has offices in Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi District, Bhalaganj, Balat, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and other places in Meghalaya which oversee the activities of the CPC. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: As usual every year, the Riad Mylliem consisting of three kurs and one kur has completed the ritual at the top of the Iewduh and the shad ka kmen has been held at the Basa Tympew. in the market duh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: A meeting was held between the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP today to discuss how to strengthen the cooperation between the ethnic parties. After the meeting, Metbah Lyngdoh said the meeting was to strengthen the ethnic parties and they have renewed their cooperation in the form of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
The President of Mirth Lilian Mary Blah welcomed all those who came to witness the event.
During the march, placards were also carried and one of the placards clearly stated that the insult to women is an insult to the nation.
On the other hand, the NPP said that they don't care who came with them but there are those who came back and for this reason they will nominate a candidate to contest this election.
Shillong, June 23: The BSF of Meghalaya and the Meghalaya Police in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police have seized 44,000 kilos of sugarcane intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh from South Garo Hills District.
Paul said he cannot understand why Dr. Mukul Sangma has been allowed to become a minister within six months of the formation of the new government. The Reservation Policy has not been changed for five years. Why has this happened in three months?
Any robber who attempts to disturb the peace shall be punished according to the law.
and kills and bombs.
The raid was conducted across the district especially on the border with Assam where vehicles were entering and leaving between the two states on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The BJP has won the Lok Sabha elections along with its allies by winning the majority in the House.
The demolition was conducted under the supervision of Magistrate Bah HK Thabah, ADC of WKH District and SDO of Mawshynrut. typically.
Replying to a question raised by PN Syiem, Ardent CEM of KHADC said, “This new EC does not intend to abolish or change the customs and traditions of the KHADC. he hath appointed but to perfect them.
Regarding the resignation of Chairman Manstudy Nongrem and Donevan Wanlang as Deputy Chairman, the Secretary of the Legislative Assembly has written to the DC(A) to send to the Governor to request for appointment. the Pro-term Chairman and at the same time to request the convening of a special session to elect the Chairman of the House.
In the Mawpoiñ game, a game in which each family in the Khasi Hills plays by erecting small stones to defeat another team.
"Now the discussions (the decision to hand over the investigation to the CBI) with the various commissions and the Government of India will be taken soon," he said.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is aware of the movement of groups and this is the reason why there will be a clash in Tura on Tuesday. Two.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that they cannot say how much assistance they will provide, but he made it clear that the assistance will be according to the number of people affected in those areas.
It plays an important role in the Government's vision of a 'Digital India'
Shillong, November 20: The United Progressive Front (UPF) Leader Lambor Malangniang on Tuesday said that the Congress party has proposed to form a single government but the UPF has rejected the proposal. to overthrow the government where the government works for the people.
Regarding the writing of the examination for recruitment in the courts, the Cabinet has decided that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​will be the most important languages ​​and if they do not pass the Khasi and Garo languages, other subjects will not be considered. Furthermore, this is part of the struggle to include the Kahasi language in the fifth grade.
At that time the KHADC had already prayed, now it has prayed again and how long will it pray for itself? In 2006-07, the KHADC had ignored the opposition of many land owners who opposed the construction of the UCIL road and even in the Public Hearing the opposition was won but the work went ahead.
Our beloved Wah Umngot must flow freely and our income from it must survive and continue without interruption and we will not allow the greed for power and wealth to be lost.
The BJP's plan to introduce the CAB, the Uniform Civil Code, the Central Anti-Conversion Law, the ban on beef, the Hindi education system.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 159 people have tested positive for Covid-19, of whom 11 are from the army and 148 are civilians.
The union has urged the DC to know the reason why the DC has delayed in renewing the veende sellers and buyers.
Noting that SHGs are an appropriate step for the government, Dr Pawar said that malnourished children have been identified through SHGs for health examination by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. health in rural areas.
Dambanmerbha S Blah was honored by Bah HS Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom Pyllun, in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Parents, Youth and members of his family. .
After a thorough discussion, the HCL has directed all the government departments involved in this matter to provide more documents. pages in relation to this place.
Chief Justice Tarun Agarwala has been appointed as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya and will take over the post tomorrow morning at the Durbar Hall, Raj Bhavan Shillong.
During the Christmas celebration, after the MDCs and staff had finished their busy schedule as it was the last day of the dorbar tlang, they all gathered together to celebrate the memory of the The day of the Lord Jesus' birthday on this earth.
The celebration of Parents Day was attended by many dignitaries and other guests in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC. Mawkynrew Constituency as the chief guest.
Shillong, July 25: The KSU Ranikor Unit today honored Amika Marwein who came fifth in the Matric examination announced by the MBOSE from Nonghyllam village, South West. Khasi Hills District.
“We don't agree with them just because they have recognition,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
He said that during the Congress government's rule, it was able to provide jobs to about 75 lakh youth every year but the Modi government has not been able to provide jobs to the youth.
Balat village has about 150 households and most of them are near the market. This village is a village where many ethnic groups live and until now the name of Balat market is and the market is held every Monday.
In Shillong, the celebration of Diwali is no longer only for one religious group but for all the residents of the city. residents of Shillong.
Regarding this statement of the Minister, the elders of Mawkliaw area have appreciated what the Minister has said in front of them at this meeting today at the office of the Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 26: In the past years, after strong opposition from many quarters to the implementation of the Aadhar and NPR project for fear that it will become a gateway for illegal immigrants. , the state government has promised to conduct awareness programs and also to work with the Dorbar Shnongs in this regard.
The award was presented by former President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday in Delhi.
On this occasion, Bah Aristotle asked whether this is an act of the government that has shown self-esteem. The question is why the government has not called for recruitment to the posts of SSA teachers. He said that there are SSA schools with many students but only one teacher.
The Bill was introduced in the House by CEM Titosstarwell Chyne.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday said that the Congress party is ready to meet with the Minister of Labour. Amti has been allowed to discuss the Inner Line Permit.
Banlamphrang Kharshiing came third in the 52nd Asian Body Builder Championship while Claudia Jessica Bamon won the silver medal in the women's category.
Right now it's just a minor damage and if it blows up who will be responsible," he added.
KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle and Nongtynniaw Unit strongly condemns the government for its plan to mine uranium in Domiasiat and Mawthabah by misleading the public through the construction of the Two Lane Road. It is a road to facilitate the transportation of uranium ore from the area.
Shillong, Lber 21: The ruling party candidate Timothy Shira has won the election for Deputy Speaker in the Legislative Assembly today with 36 votes. against he received 20 votes.
At present, the construction of the NH-44E is in progress in parts of the road and police are conducting investigation to find out who was at fault in the collision. car.
The distribution of foodgrains is on the basis that although the government has provided ration and foodgrains, there are still many poor families who do not receive foodgrains because they do not have cards at all.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The inspection of the border between India and Bangladesh in the Dawki-Tamabil area has resumed smoothly today.
He said that this program will continue in many parts of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 18: U Pramod Kumar Pandey, Director, ICAR, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
Doctors and nurses of the Government of Meghalaya sent by the DMHO West Khasi Hills, came to help to distribute medicines to the people for various diseases. come to provide free treatment for those with eye diseases.
On the other hand, the MMSA has alleged that the government has not done anything to track down the perpetrators of the theft and robbery of the doctor who looks after their illnesses. public.
The Chief Minister of Assam has canceled his visit to Africa due to the peace and stability situation in the state which will not be as stable as it is now.
The purpose of this is to showcase to the world especially the tourists to know what is inside Shillong as Nan Polo has its own story and others also have their own story. of their story.
This year alone, we have witnessed two fires in Phramer village and in these incidents the damage has been severe due to the lack of relief measures.
The seizure of the drugs came within 24 hours of the appointment of Kong Idashisha Nongrang as the new Director General of Police of the State.
He said that their brother is a good man who has no bad signs in the society and as an elderly man he used to run step by step.
Regarding the statement of the Union Minister of State for Child Development, the KSU on 17th July 2022 held a protest by the NESO to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act They demanded the repeal of the CAA and the implementation of the ILP. At present, the state is in the midst of peace and order and when there is any protest, the police, while The letter was sent to the Central Government to accept the demand and the letter was sent on 23rd November
Shillong, Jymmang 11: To bring closer the relationship between the two groups of Border Guard Force, the BSF of India and the BGB of Bangladesh, today opened a two-day medicine distribution at Umsyiem village. BGB Sector Commander Nasir inaugurated the campaign and on the Indian side Dr AC Bhardwajan, DIG and Medical Superintendent, BSF Composite Hospital Shillong.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 IPC and arrested two suspects within 48 hours.
On the other hand, the BSF alleged that during this time of religious festivals in the north of the country, the smuggling of cattle is very high.
The central theme of the meeting was to discuss how to prevent earthquakes and especially in Meghalaya. Dr Amir Ali Khan from NIDM said: The one-day meeting also discussed how to build houses that can protect themselves from earthquake damage.
According to the budget for the year 2016-2017, the expenditure will be T.189,47,53,660/- while the revenue will be T.189,47,72,1 shows that there is a shortage of T.18490/- tyngka.
The Government should immediately evacuate the people living in the metor area without delay and should not allow these foreigners to continue to come face to face on this issue. ,lest this work lead to the path of bloodshed.
The famous anthropologist Oscar Lewis once said in his book 'The Children of Sanchez' that the 'right of poverty' tries to justify itself over time and does not accept boundaries.
But why didn't you call us to send us to Thanat in those three or four days?
Although there is a shortage of 2 calibers 177 and 22, the Shooting Association encourages and encourages all the participants. In Pynursla, there were participants from Pynursla school children from nine years old, boys and girls, teachers, boys and girls. Participants from Sohra, and about 28 villages near Pynursla C&RD Block.
The driver of the truck was taken to hospital and police are conducting a thorough investigation into the abduction.
He said that as we celebrate this Christmas with joy and piety, let us strive to bring peace, tolerance and strive for a peaceful and happy society.
The meeting was attended by IMC President Deepak Premanarayan and many others.
He was arrested on charges of inciting a crowd at a meeting convened by the CSWO on the 25th of July.
Regarding the Organic Mission, Agar Mission, Live Stock Mission, regarding the illegal appointment of teachers, isn't it true that there are members of this House who are not aware?
Referring to the state of peace and order in Garo Hills, the NPP expressed its satisfaction to see that the rebel groups have come forward to surrender to the government.
He said that this place was nominated by AT Mandal who is the Speaker of the House.
The Fire Brigade, Police, Forest Department officials, PWD and This collaboration has enabled them to complete and clean up this area.
The National Unity Day, which coincides with the birth anniversary of the late Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi, was held today at the Mian Secretariat. .
According to Kong Syiem, there are about 20,000 day teachers in all schools in the state and they receive a salary of T.1100 from the State Government and T.900 from the Central Government.
Promotion of sustainability and environmental protection in the region, along with increased participation in income generation activities.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Police in South West Khasi Hills District have conducted an investigation and searched for the robbers who burnt down the vehicles of the Atomic Minerals Directorate at Wahkaji. they have not arrested anyone in this incident.
This Center is one of the oldest training centers in Meghalaya which has been in existence since the time when Meghalaya was under the rule of the Government of Assam.
This is for both the District Councils, JHADC and KHADC. (SP News).
During the investigation, it was found that a man from Mawblei was suspected to be involved in the robbery.
On this occasion, the Syiem Khynnah of the Hima Nongkhlaw, Syiem KM Syiem, the Ministers of the Hima, on behalf of the Syiem Khynnah, congratulated the Prime Minister of India for opening the market. The Hima Nongkhlaw and thanked the President of the BJP Bah Ernest Mawri who came to inspect the work of the market.
A complaint has been registered against them at Khliehriat Police Station.
The central theme of the meeting was to discuss how to involve the youth in the development of policies regarding the scouting activities and the preparation of the roadmap for the scouting. part of 2023, and this will cover children's rights, youth relationships and change in the field of the internet and human rights.
It is understood that the MDP party can nominate candidates for the upcoming MDC elections in many constituencies if it gets enough people.
The Government of India has sent our petition to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to take the necessary action.
This request came suddenly through a notice board which was not signed by anyone or even by the authorities.
On the allegation against Meghalayan Age Company Pvt Ltd, the Chief Minister said that there is no need to do anything about it. and the amount of money to start work is alleged to be T.10 crore which is wrong it is only T.1 crore.
In his welcome speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his satisfaction with the appointment of Dr Donkupar as the Speaker of the House. under his leadership, the House may be conducted in a proper manner without the ruling or opposition.
If the law enforcement agencies cannot arrest them, it will lead to bloodshed in our state.
By allowing them to make such choices, the training at IIM Shillong promotes student participation, opens up a deeper understanding of the training and prepares the students to provide them with requirements in workplaces according to today.
On Friday, he will meet with the leaders of the group and then will attend a shrod recital and other songs by the Kolkata singers, led by Pushpen Deyla. The meeting will be held at the auditorium of Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
In the first phase, 21 youths have registered for this good initiative taken by the Mawlai Town Dorbar.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the need to inform women and girls about their rights and protections under the new laws.
Besides, the state has been invaded by foreigners and foreign authorities like Bangladesh and Nepal who have come to trade and work illegally and also the illegal residence in Meghalaya which has affected their employment and income. The government is now discussing the Work Permit for Bangladeshis which will affect the indigenous people in many areas. ", said MH Dkhar President, AJYWO Central Body.
At the same time, the party would like to remind that not only now that it has done charity deeds but even during the lockdown, the party has always come forward to help the Paradoh who are in dire need of assistance, he said.
This was stated by Danny M Khyriem, Chairman of the Election Committee of the KSU in a statement.
The Department of Commerce and Industry, Meghalaya Government has awarded the Asian Confluence to host the Nadi Festival 2016, according to the North Eastern Council's scheme. Government of Meghalaya in the fiscal year 2016-2
This decision was taken by the members of the party as a whole.
He said that Meghalaya is a state that does not accept women , he said that there are dozens of religions in India but the proud thing is that don't be afraid of Ri.
At present, the university offers four courses namely MA in Education, MA in Sociology, MA in Social Work, MA in Development Management and MA in Environmental Management. it is the search for the moon.
“The journey of India's democracy is sustainable and the country is determined to serve all people,” said Prime Minister Duh and pointed to the world's acceptance of the way of life in India.
Prestone said that on the day the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma announced the curfew in Shillong, he had made it clear that the curfew was imposed in Shillong. even those people who have close ties with those who went to Greenwood Resort in Assam.
Health officials have been going around the villages to ensure that the children receive the vaccine.
The ILP we demand is strong and feasible and implementable, and we do not demand what is impossible, but what we demand is enshrined in the Constitution of the country. India, and we don't mean that the ILP we want will be exactly like 1873, we want a new ILP that is in line with the present era and in line with the situation inside. The Government of the State should understand not to attack or blame the civil society organizations but to listen and guide them in the right direction.
He said that the Bangladesh government has now allowed to dig near Mawthum to dig ksainar shiah but the dig will be only 10 feet and these areas will be looked after by the BGB and BSF. The relationship between the two countries has now improved in both areas.
He said that in connection with his treatment of Bah Kephas at Robert Hospital, he had spent up to 43,000 tyngka for him.
MSMEs and students are requested to submit their design projects for financial assistance under the scheme. 23070 MSMEs have registered under the ZED scheme since its inception.
What is more different is that only one Nominated MDC out of 30 MDCs is at the pleasure of the Governor, as he has been appointed by the Governor under paragraph 2 sub- paragraphs (1) and (6A) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“We thank the MLA for bringing us the seedlings which are suitable for the area and so that we can increase our income from agriculture”. exclaimed the farmers cheerfully.
Our history shows that our country is a peace loving country.
The date of review of nomination papers will be on 28-11-2016 after 3 pm and those who wish to withdraw from the contest will be on 01-12-2
At present, those involved in the riots have been arrested and charged under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
He said that according to the information of the union, the Directorate of Housing has placed an order with a company to distribute Corrugated Aluminum Roofing Sheet in AA3105H18 Alloy of 8 feet length, 800mm width. ) and 0.45MM thickness as usual.
“It is also sad news and you will be surprised to know that the death toll in Meghalaya from tobacco use is 5,000 every year,” said Dr. Lana.
Dr BP Chyne Joint Organizing Secretary of the Celebration Committee said.
About 45 Indian troops led by the Battalion of Sikkim Scouts along with troops and security personnel from other units while Mongolian troops led by 150 Quick Reaction troops participated. Strength Battalion.
In 2022, the institute started the training in June, and they witnessed a large number of participants.
“If I am a resident of RR Colony, why do I have to get a Residential Certificate from Golflink?
Shillong, November 18: The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya today held a public meeting at YMCA Mawkhar Shillong to protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act The public meeting is now over.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) on Saturday announced that it has decided to suspend the strike. mungor on the 21st of this month which is scheduled to be held in Shillong.
Jowai, November 03: The Deputy Commissioner of Jowai (DCC) has announced that India will use its trade authorities to reduce the carrying of money in the country. will conduct a training for traders on the 8th of this month at the DC Office.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The day laborers of the Meghalaya Sport Council (MSC) have continued their strike which started on the 27th of last month to demand the government to increase their wages. their.
The program was opened by Samla Nehemaya Tyngkan, one of the leading youths of the area.
The total number of trading licenses issued by the KHADC so far is
Every shop has its own beauty that reflects the richness of our culture and traditions.
The Congress, which has 29 MLAs, has received the support of two NCP members and five independent MLAs, bringing the government to 40 in the 60-member Assembly.
The arrest and search by the government of the leaders of the Sengbhalang from the units, circles and central bodies is a ploy to forcefully stir up the protest and to stir up our demands, but we will not give up because the people of the state stand united with us. He joined hands because we demand the rights for the peace of the indigenous people in the state.
Speaking on behalf of the four members who joined the BJP today, Himalaya said that the BJP has grown rapidly in Meghalaya due to the development works of the Prime Minister. India has said that Meghalaya needs change.
There were three main goals – the protection of national unity and integrity; the provision of freedom, equality and harmony among the people and the provision of the rule of law; and the establishment of groups that will lead the way to economic and social order.
These schools will be located across the state.
In this petition, the FKJGP has expressed its regret to see that the cases of rape have increased in the past few months.
In Garo Hills, there is no Act or Rule for the Nokma rulers.
The welcome ceremony for Rev Bishop Victor today began with a ceremony in which nine Bishops from the North East of India, along with the priests, arrived.
He confessed that he had gone to take the gold from a woman at a shop in Shillong.
“The three Dorbar Shnongs in the area should take action to prevent the ownership of the Golf Course by foreigners.
Through this victory, the acceptance of new sports by the youth of the country will continue to increase, said Minister Duh.
Other speakers on behalf of the office were BN War, DHO, Shillong and M Nongbri, District Agriculture Officer, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Albinus Lamurong General Secretary and Samla Leningrad Tariang and others have met with the DC WJHD, Bah R. Rapthap regarding the arrest of the Waheh Shnong of Mowluber. The Assam Police are on the border with the state.
Dr. Andreas Dkhar passed away on 27th June 2023 at Super Care Hospital and his remains were buried on 29th June 2023 at Divine Savior Parish, Nongthymmai.
This was the message to all the households who attended the festival to pray and hope that all the people are happy and healthy.
Johny Lyngdoh, who suffered injuries while in the custody of the police, was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Answering a question on why men who marry other ethnic groups have not been banned, the CEM said that the marriage of men to other ethnic groups has not been banned. The nation, this is not the case, but if you don't have a job, you don't have a problem.
Among the women's teams, Shillong won the first title and All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association came second.
Shillong, July 28: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that if Grace M Kharpuri returns to the group, she will welcome her name. sent to the Governor of the State.
The Association invites not only the Affiliated Clubs from the District but also all the Sports Clubs, Private Clubs and others from the District and abroad. I don't want to participate.
The planting of 100 tree seedlings was done on the same day in collaboration with the Mission Green Committee and the State Government Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee, Government of Meghalaya.
Section 144 CrPC has been imposed to protect and ensure the safety of passengers in Shillong due to the riots and riots across the city. who are empowered.
Regarding this allegation, the Truck Association has not lodged a complaint with the Council saying that they have taken 1,000 per truck. The allegation has been taken into consideration and handed over to the Forest Department in charge.
He said it is our duty without criticizing the past heritage how to preserve and care for it.
In the women's 400m, Retina Hanse won the gold medal in 1:01:5, while the silver and bronze medals went to Damika Lyngdoh WJH and Albamery Sohsang of WKH. Meanwhile, Renaldi Dkhar continued to play well by winning another gold medal in the men's jump. However, the most exciting victory for the West Jaintia team came after the victory in the men's 4x100M relay where the team managed to complete the goal in the 4x100M relay. 45.3, where Renaldi led his team to victory. The district winners were EKH and WGH. In the women's 4x100M, the team won the silver and bronze medals. EKH with Angelina Jackson won the gold medal, followed by Ri-Bhoi and WJH who won the silver and bronze medals.
Shillong, July 11: U MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday visited Umrynjah Presbyterian Secondary School and met with the officials of Mawsiat Khnam. During his visit, he proposed a spirit of cooperation for the development of the village and to improve the quality of education in the village.
In a public announcement, RESTI said that the training is free of charge, for the training, food and accommodation fees are free of charge. the Institute will provide it.
On July 29, 2023, lakhs of contaminated drugs worth crores of rupees were dumped in a landfill in Marten.
In this regard, they also express their gratitude and congratulations to the Government of Meghalaya, especially to the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District for giving us permission to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem. this year.
After the procession, Father Pius Shadap gave a speech in Khasi and Father Silk Jose gave a speech in English.
On Saturday we stayed in Sohra until Sunday when we left for Shillong.
Banks, other related businesses, post offices and telecommunications have also been allowed to operate in these areas. Government offices related to the public will also be open.
They can contribute significantly to the economic growth of India.
The ban was imposed until the company installed filters that are sufficient to produce smoke rather than a long smoke stack to avoid the impact on the public and residents.
Bah Kronding Nongbsap, spokesperson of the HPF, said that the construction of the dam has affected the farmers. They brought JCBs but they disappeared.
It is said that this method of killing is very cruel as reported by the villagers.
Police said they seized the vehicle while it was coming from Kalaiñ, Assam and there were nine people inside the vehicle.
The HYC strongly condemns the Meghalaya Police for shooting at a man on the night of the murder.
Regarding the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act, the KSU demands that the government should announce the government's announcement to set up District Task Force Committees in all districts of the state without delay.
Regarding the government's struggle against the youth to search for the leaders of the civil society, it is a shame to the state government that in a democratic system which has now become the rule of political parties.
MWK Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Ladweitang Youth Association, said in a statement.
In fact, there is a Laxmi Company from Silchar, which comes to work from time to time and works only properly and cannot repair properly.
New Delhi, June 11: The Central Council for Research in Homeopathy (CCRH) has conducted an international webinar at the Ministry of AYUSH on 10th June, 2020 on the occasion of the World Homeopathy Day. 265 years of Dr. Samuel Hahnemann, Founder of Homeopathy.
Anthony said that his desire to contest this election came after seeing the suffering and backwardness of the people in this area whether it is in terms of roads and other development projects.
In his speech, he spoke about the working methods of banks in this era.
In South Garo Hills District, the Chief Minister has inaugurated the Baghmara Water Supply Scheme funded through NESIDS and the State Government. within the area.
At this meeting, leaflets (Appeal) were also distributed to all the participants and also to the residents living near Wahsala.
East Khasi Hills Police on Tuesday arrested the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) District, Bah Bless Dkhar on charges of extorting money from trucks. .
The Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal, Minister of State for Home Affairs, India today attended the festival. Chandan Brahma, Chairman of the Bodo Territorial Council (BTC) Hagrama Mohilari, Deputy Chief, BTC, Kampa Borgoyari, Chairman, ATDC, Jayanta Malla Baruah, MP Biswajit Daimary were also present on the occasion.
However, the CAB 2019 has now become the CAA 2019. At present, Meghalaya has 97% of the CAA in Meghalaya, but the government wants even 3%. The Government wants to exempt Meghalaya from the CAA 100%.
At present it is difficult to see people to work in the field who have specially trained themselves in any field, this is the problem we are facing now, it is difficult to get people.
Furthermore, Bah James said that the most dangerous thing in relation to this well is for the hospital in Umsning because they pump water from the same well and there has been a time. After receiving a letter from the SDO of PHE Umsning, the hospital authorities have sent the patients to Shillong to avoid any danger and injury to the people especially those who have been injured. sleep badly.
The Assistant Drugs Controller, MI through a letter dated June 19, 2023 has informed the Pharmacist in-charge of the Central Medicine Store to dispose of the damaged medicines with the permission of the authorities. not above, the statement added.
This month, we witnessed the consecration of the statue of Prabhu Shri Ram in the beautiful temple built in his birthplace in Ayodhya.
In his short speech to the members of the party, Raymond Kharjana reminded that when the youth are leaders or members of the party, they should not expect benefits from the party because the party itself does not get anything to give. He said that the KSU trains the youth and paradoh parasnam how to love their country and to encourage the youth. that they should be hardworking especially when fighting for any issues that the party takes to fight.
The party will not allow even if it has to appeal to the High Court, the party will not hesitate to protect the lives and livelihoods of the people from the Corona Virus.
On this occasion, u Lamphang also distributed awards to the students who passed well in Khasi from HSLC and SSLC. On this occasion, a book written by Prof Badaplin War was also launched. The family members of Babu Soso Tham, members of KAS were also present. Dr DRL Nonglait spoke about the work of the KAS. bad on the book.
The complaint said that Resubelpara is the center of North Garo Hills District where offices are located and the market is only Mendipathar and the Soksan Bridge connects this highway. but this work has not been done until now.
The Governor said the government wants the peace talks to reach their goal. The state government has talked to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to ensure that the peace talks reach their goal.
Three nurses have received their visas and two will leave for Japan on June 27,
However, only research scholars (Ph.D.) will be admitted to higher education institutions.
Tura, Lber 18: Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi today visited Meghalaya to campaign for the MP elections next month. Meghalaya needs railways, airports and roads and the Congress party wants to meet these needs of the people.
Iamonlang Syiem, who retired as Chairperson of the Child Rights Commission on 1st October 2024, has been appointed to the Women Commission.
He urged all the leaders to come out of their arrogance and be quick to meet with the people.
The table shows the trends in monthly GST payments this year.
Samla Debormi and Samla Natasha will also receive a monthly allowance from AK Production for one year.
This will lead to job creation, lead to different ways of working and realize dreams.
The swearing-in ceremony began with Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem, Ricky Shullai MDC of Laban-Mawprem, Samlin Malngiang MDC of Nongspung-Sohiong and Bah Equador L Nongrang MDC. Blandingstar Warjri MDC of Pariong-Mawthadraishan and Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang MDC of Rambrai-Jyrngam.
They suggested to the government to implement the ILP according to the rules and regulations under the jurisdiction of the state government.
It will be the first time that Garo Hills will appear in the results of the SSLC 2023 announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Thursday.
The meeting will be conducted by Justice ArunDevChoudhury, Judge, Gauhati High Court, Khomdram Samarjit Singh, Deputy Solicitor General, Manipur High Court, E. Chandrasekaran, Advocate, Madras High Court and Neeraj Tiwari, Assistant Professor, NLU Delhi.
In a meeting with the Union Minister, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, said that he has expressed his concerns that all the colleges in Meghalaya have been affiliated with the university. NEHU.When these issues were expressed, the Union Minister in charge of Education understood the issue and was impressed by what was expressed. The Central Government has said that there will be no part of the colleges funded by the Central Government, the State Government or the private sector. The CUET examination is currently awaiting notification from the Central Government.
Since November 2019, the party has been holding public meetings to raise awareness among the people and they will also go to Garo Hills to seek the support of the people.
Dr. E. Blah, Hospital Chaplain, Rev. George W. Chen and others.
Those households whose homes have been completely damaged have been sent to stay inside the village house in Lower Puksora. The total number of households who have stayed in this area is about in shame.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 15: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkyrwat, was the Chief Guest at the information seminar organized by Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the Khasi Authors' Society. He said that we need the support of all the people of Hynniewtrep, including the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War who are the Khasi people.
Also present on the occasion were the President of Ri Bhoi, former MLA Donbok Khymdeit, Carlos President Youth, former MDC Don Sumer, Alantry Dkhar and other party leaders.
The victim is from Babupara village in Tura.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Thiru.
Kitbokla said the union has received information that the state government intends to allocate land for the construction of the Anjalee Petrol Pump in Upper Shillong which is also the land of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department. to the road.
Shillong, June 04: The Seng Khasi Mawlai, today launched its two-day Shad Suk Mynsiem, which was held at Lympung. The new Seng is located in Mawlai Mawroh.
The church will hold a special service on the 24th of this month at the Laitumkhrah Cathedral to pray for those who have been affected by this tragic incident in the country.
The presence of the BSF on the border is to provide security and peace.
Therefore, it has been decided this year that there is no special allocation for the backward classes and there is no need for the term “backward classes” and therefore, we have removed the term “backward” classes from today,” Sangma said in an interview with media.
He reminded the Chied Secretary of the state that there have been orders issued by the government from time to time prohibiting the disposal of these factories in the state. “But as it is now, the government's understanding is not respected and it is clear that the government is like a snake that doesn't have the intention to kill,” he said.
““Furthermore, we want the Minister of PHE to be clean in this regard because he says that the water distributed by the PHE department is safe and safe to drink because it has been tested. Mawphlang Treatment Plant Please provide copies of the reports of those tests through the media and don't just talk with your mouth. Minister, this is the life and death of the people especially the poor. "Prevention is better than cure" from drinking such water distributed by the PHE department. the Seng criticized.
New Delhi, July 08: The National Testing Agency (NTA) will conduct the NEET (UG) 2024 examination on 5th June 2024 at 4750 examination centers in 571 cities. , covering 14 cities outside the country.
The youth from these seven Presbyteries of the Presbyterian Church took part in the Christmas celebration which was conducted by the Atiar Choir.
Others who took part in the meeting were John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Dr Manash Dasgupta, Dy Chairman, Shri RM Mishra, IAS, Principal Secretary, Planning, MSPB, etc. including officials of many government departments.
“The Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit but allows the issuance of ST certificates to applicants who take jait from the father or mother and a non-Khasi woman who takes jait from her husband.
On the other hand, he expressed his happiness to remain a member of the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC).
“This is not just a dream but a success,” he said.
This appointment and transfer shall take effect from the date of assumption of office within the States.
“The reason for the problems in education is that the Government has not taken care of it since the beginning and these problems have come together and are coming now,” he said.
The region has witnessed increased resources, increased connectivity and digital opportunities, economic growth, and a host of other achievements.
This document which has been signed gives everyone the right to equality without discrimination to exercise their rights and this is given to all the countries of the world without discrimination, that all may be united.
While 291 people have recovered and have been discharged from the hospital after recovering.
On the closing day of the 14th Anniversary of the Lumpung, many people from all over the Bri-U Hynniewtrep came together to take part in the Lumpung which was held at Madan Weiking and At the same time to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Mawkhar Khynnah.
Speaking to media, Bah Roykupar Synrem said that in fact the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma should have led the ILP demand as he did when he opposed the ILP. CAB in 2018 which has now become CAA. Bah Synrem said it is not enough to accept the decision in the House to implement the ILP if all the 60 leaders of the state do not agree. to demand from the Central Government to implement the ILP in the state.
“If you remember the PITNDPS was introduced last year.
Hi GaonkiModiho- People like you make my work easier.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: A sudden earthquake struck Ummulong village at 2.30 pm this morning where many trees have fallen and some houses have been destroyed. that tnum house.
Dino was speaking at the 22nd General Assembly of the United Nations in Geneva.
Shillong, March 15: The Holy Father's Ambassador to India and Nepal, Rev Leopoldo Girelli, today inaugurated the Holy Pallium. Archbishop Rev Victor Lyngdoh.
It is a unique program that connects, brings collaboration and mentors entrepreneurs from the Northeast.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee and Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV) today launched an indefinite strike in all the Khasi Hills. Buses and taxis have stopped operating today.
Shillong, Lber 29: The State Social Impact Assessment (SIA) Unit will conduct a Social Impact Assessment Study to acquire land from 0.000 km to 10.500 km and The area is 275645 Sq.
The Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep Hills District has opened branches across the state including East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. works in Jaintia Hills.
To achieve this objective, recognition for completion of training and monitoring should be included in the new National Credit Framework so that it will be beneficial to do so in the pursuit of education.
In those days, the region suffered a lot from the Partition of the country as it lost its connections with Central places of transportation, educational and commercial centers like Dhaka and Kolkata.
In this regard, the director of DSEL wanted to get a detailed report from all the sources before correcting the error and taking a final decision.
The CEM said that the Council will soon set a price for garbage collection and will also set rules to impose fines against those who pollute the environment. that it may protect the rivers and the springs of water.
The workshop concluded with the following speech by Sumita Dawra, Special Secretary, Logistics, DPIIT, Government of India who urged the States, UT: between government departments to raise awareness on the activities of PM GatiShakti and logistical activities.
Shillong, June 12: The Returning Officer of Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency, SC Sadhu today called a meeting with all political parties regarding the General Election to the Lok Sabha
Following this, the MBOSE has directed all schools in the state to check the mark sheets and if there are any differences they should send them to the MBOSE for verification.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) East Jaintia Hills has strongly condemned the killing of four people whose bodies were found tied with ropes outside Umpleng market. on Saturday morning.
He often invites these to improve our knowledge.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Thad, Bah C Shadap, has requested the government authorities to provide assistance to this family which has suffered the same incident twice. The government authorities have not been able to provide assistance to the Kyllang refugees of last year, which was hit once again today.
The Chief Guest said that the stones will represent all the heroes of the past who gave their lives to protect their land and the children of thousands including Syiem Bormanik of Hima Shyllong, Syiem Sngap Singh. of the Maharam Hima, Monbhut, Lorshon Jaraiñ, Phan Nonglait and other heroes who fought against the enemy.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the funeral of Banteilang R Syngkai will be held at Mawlieh village in Ri Bhoi District. in Moab, in Moab.
The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC)-CEC through this statement sends a clear message to all the Agents of the Government of India or the State Government that they should immediately stop any of their plans to think or imagine. to mine or mine uranium in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Regarding the impact of the disease on tourism and business, the Prime Minister strongly warned against crowding in rural areas and non-compliance with safety measures.
The union has already sent a petition on 23-04 2013 to the Minister of PWD (Ma Sngebha Dhar) in the petition the union urges the government to build the road as soon as possible. The ADC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah S.Laloo, has been invited to speak to the ADC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah S.Laloo. Laloo promised to take care of the construction of the road from November.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: Heavy cold weather has affected the agriculture especially the rice fields from Mawphlang to the surrounding areas. straw.
Police also recovered a Nokia mobile phone, an Airtel SIM card and Rs 3,760 from the body of Babulal Sheikh.
In this meeting, the union congratulated the government for arresting the perpetrators in the past few days, on the unpleasant incidents, the union expresses its gratitude to the the government on this.
R Kumar (officiating) Chief Engineer (Army), Shillong, Lt Col.
Our leader, PA Sangma, who is also the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, has never seen the North East to be alongside the rest of the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Emboklang Nongkhlaw has been selected for the Indian National U-16 Boys' Football Team.
Many of the management of the hospital were present on the occasion.
The Minister said that the use of Smart Meters is to get an accurate estimate of the use of light especially in the rural areas and this will help those who use electricity and in Regarding the collection of electricity bill, MeECL said that previously it was only 62% and now it has been improved and the collection of electricity bill has reached 73% and MeECL has been struggling to curb the theft of lights especially in the rural areas.
The distribution of rice will be for NFSA and non-NFSA rice. This will be for the month of October. ration shops within three days from 25/03/2
Tura, Iaiong 21: No one was injured in a clash between police and GNLA militants at Kerangkalram village today.
The Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka today announced that tourists from the state will be allowed to visit the beautiful places of this village from the 16th of this month.
Shillong, July 17: Shillong Lajong FC will play against Mohun Bagan in the Federation Cup encounter at JN Stadium, Cochin tomorrow at 4:00PM IST. and this will be shown in Ten Sport.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Speaking on the occasion of the 25th death anniversary of Peter G Marbaniang, MP, MLA, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that at that time he remembered being with him. Purno K Sangma's father but as a child he remembers that they used to be together.
There are many attractions in this area such as the boat bridge, the monasteries of Buddhist monks, and there are small villages where they can talk to the people in this area. area.
In the meeting with the Central Government, the Central Government has made it clear that it cannot accept the two rules put forward by the HNLC, the Instrument of Accession and the Standstill Arrangement. ", is where it stops short of reaching peace talks.
In maintaining peace, there should be no question mark but we should strive to maintain peace and harmony among all ethnic groups in any way.
The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has met with the Union Minister of Agriculture to discuss the issue. on this institution, but the outcome of the discussion is not yet known.
When asked why the government should not take over the operation of the 108 ambulances, the Prime Minister said it is not good for the government to do so. .
There were drawing competitions, traditional dance and other activities.
The Minister also launched the Northeast India Association of Surgical Oncology (NASO) which is a new association of surgical oncologists in the eastern part of India.
According to the explanation of the village leaders, the cleanliness has started and taught from the household and then in the village and so on.
Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh on vacancies in government departments, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the government is still collecting information on vacancies in government departments. in government offices.
On the other hand, these seven villages demand that this garbage dumping should be stopped immediately.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Bah Neil Antonio War, (MDC), Laitumkhrah.
The training activities include the prevention of insurgency, the establishment of a Joint Command Post, the establishment of an Intelligence & Surveillance Centre, to ensure that there is training in the operation of warships, in the airports, the introduction of drones and counter drone systems among others.
Shillong, November 09: The Ministry of Trade and Industry (MoTI) has amended the SEZ rules to allow for home working in all SEZ areas. introduced a new Rule 43A through a notice issued on 14.07.2022 to open up work from home for SEZ workplaces. Furthermore, the department has also issued a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP ) through an order dated 12 received requests from NASSCOM and other employers to further expand work-from-home options.
India's approach in this regard is based on science and guided by Global Best Practices, WHO SoPs and experts from the National Expert Group. on Vaccine Administration for Covid-19 (NEGVAC).
On the other hand, the party urged the government to take from the 2011 census in registering people on the electoral roll.
In a statement sent by Joint Secretary TG Momin, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested the VHCs to talk to their members to provide assistance to the poor women by transporting them to health centres. to conduct the vaccination campaign during the Village Health and Nutrition Day (VHND) in collaboration with Anganawadi workers, to notify medical cases to the ANMs and MOs and among other activities, to ensure any activities related to public health will not be affected.
Last month, VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit refused to accept the inclusion of members in the committee headed by Government Minister Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the Reservation Roster System. that the VPP stands firmly on the ground that the Government should revise the State Reservation Policy and not just talk about the Roster System.
Therefore, the union does not hesitate to send this warning to any person whether they are contractors, shopkeepers or any other persons that they should not bring foreigners into Mawkyrwat area. The purpose of sending day laborers or to lead the trade within the area.
Therefore, he said that there should be a law to protect those who use the tree.
Before the ther lapbah lapsan, the sky was dark.
The Government has approved guidelines relating to the approval of market transportation fuels such as Motor Sprit (MS) / High Speed ​​Diesel (HSD).
This year's Kur Meeting was held at Kynrang Village and it was indeed the most amazing Kur Dorbar this year with the participation of young men and women, mothers and fathers, kni rangbah kakur including the wedding guests.
Why doesn't the Government of India provide funds to pay salaries only to SSA teachers in Meghalaya while in other states we don't see that SSA teachers don't get salaries? ha Kano's way You don't have that money.
Due to the presence in the case of international transfer of tax affairs, benefits to participating members from this transfer can only come through joint participation in the signing of transfers.
The President, MSOA, who is also the Minister of Sports, expressed his appreciation to the Working Group of the Ministry of Sports and its members, who have met many times to review the Draft Sports Policy. The Working Group has also met with the Health Department on how to include and improve the field of Sports Medicine and the Working Group has also met with the Education Department on how to provide opportunities and To benefit the students who are involved in sports, there is an urgent need for Physical Instructors.
Thousands of people from all over the Khasi Hills have come to witness this memorable day.
The former IPS officer said the party leaders have not asked for anything in this regard.
If the court finds that the MLA is not involved in those allegations, the court will expedite the trial and if he has committed those crimes, the law will not punish him. he.
The second phase of Aspire involves providing training to students in their schools in the field of soft skills through educational sessions in courage , a clear vision of the future, communication skills and interpersonal communication and the ability to move forward through a variety of challenges and encounters.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that across the country, there is a feeling among the people of the country that the Public Service Commissions, they listen to them. Responding to the statements of politicians and the government, the Prime Minister said that the feeling of the people that politicians have power over the PSCs should be removed.
The HYC feels and demands that the shopping mall should be converted into a place for holding public meetings or protests, said Bah John Lyngdoh President HYC. Shillong City.
Meghalaya is a 51-year-old state and we need to gather more information from such sources.
