On the other hand, the RPF Police saw the behavior of the girl and turned around and stood near her and as soon as the police arrived she cried. The police took her to the scene. inside their office and talk to this young girl.
In 2021, the government had allocated T.10.98 crore to start and continue the work. After that, another T.7.69 crore was released and the work was completed. today it was opened after three years.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynsnghiang N Syiem has submitted a budget for the 2017-2017 fiscal year, which is less than T. Speaking on the occasion, the CEM said that the revenue of the Council will be reduced due to the closure of the Council. coal and other mineral resources, but the Council will strive to be disciplined in the spending of the Council's funds.
In these days when the world is changing and there is a lot of trouble, selfishness and selfishness, society has changed. distant, triem and lack of compassion for others especially for the poor and needy which often brings only suffering in all aspects.
This happened on Sunday night.
The MHRC has directed the Chief Secretary to submit a detailed report on or before the 30th of this month.
The Rangbah Shnong has started this work after receiving an explanation from the District authorities that there will be no problem on his part, as there is an understanding between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam. that these two states shall not be involved in these areas where the boundary has not yet been resolved.
He urged everyone to inspire the life and work of the great freedom fighters and to fight as much as possible for the development of the society, the people of the state and the country as a whole.
Police have arrested these robbers using modern equipment. Police have also recovered other documents related to the robbery. shot.
This is to prevent foreigners and foreigners from illegally settling in Khasi villages which has brought danger to the Khasi especially those living in these areas.
On the other hand, the SP said that security has been stepped up at all 15 places where there are puja pandals in Ri Bhoi District.
Hopefully Bah Sanbor will take action on this issue.
The Prime Minister said that the government has to look into all aspects even despite the difficulties that the government employees should get their rights. decide not to announce.
The Minister said that the government has to ensure that the land vendors get a source of income and also has to ensure that there is peace and order, traffic jam and safety for the tourists. Shen said that the number of market vendors has increased.
At the time of writing, the name and address of the child are still unknown.
Marwein, Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, said that he went to the village to provide assistance to the village because although the house has been destroyed by the natural disaster, the leaders of the area have not done anything. ei to help this house.
Shillong, March 08: KSU Umdohlun Circle and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday met with the Chief Engineer (Distribution) of KSU Umdohlun Circle and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd is located in Lumjingshai, Shillong.
The union has sought information and found that the Gas Agencies should provide at least 12 lyer shet cylinders per annum.
But why don't we get the solution that the youth want,” she asked.
They don't say anything about the arrest of smugglers and smugglers because it is their job but to harass the people the union cannot just watch this action of the BSF personnel to harass the people.
There are 169 recoveries, 148 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. after.
He advised the States to strengthen the vaccination campaign for those over 60 years of age and those between 45 and 60 years of age as most of the deaths were found among them.
The flag of the country will be unfurled by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in Shillong, Dr. HDR Lyngdoh in Nongstoin, Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh in Nongpoh, Prof. RC Laloo in Jowai, Zenith Sangma in Tura, Deborah C Marak in Williamnagar, Ronnie V. Lyngdoh in Baghmara, Prestone Tynsong in Mawkyrwat. Head, Martin.
And it is a fact that there is no action by the ministers and the Hima for the market to bring cleanliness and peace to the market dwellers and visitors.
During the meeting between the two armed forces, the BSF and BGB discussed how to fight against illegal trafficking on the border. to fight against.
He said the state government has a role to play in making rules.
The Commissioner and Secretary informed that the project has been funded by the Government of India and the State Government at a ratio of 90:1
It is due to the smuggling of cows that the ban on the sale of cows in Shillong has been imposed.
The Government of India's plan to mine uranium in the state has not stopped. It can be said that this attempt is no longer visible outside but the investigation is going on slowly. consult local people and landowners.
Sanjib Dhar, Joint Secretary, Ri-Bhoi Farmers Union, Meghalaya, was delighted to see the technologies of CSIR-CMERI related to shynrai and sying.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : Following the successful export of Khasi Mandarin last year, the Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya and the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA) recently announced that 1.3 tonnes of sohtrun has been opened to the Middle East.
Governor Phagu Chauhan was the Chief Guest, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was the Symbud Chief Guest, Minister in charge of I&PR Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh was the Chief Guest. .
Before the MLA elections, these people said that they are patriots.
Because according to the rules, those who have already quarantined for 14 days and if they test positive, they have to take samples every three days to be tested.
It depends on our thinking to reach these milestones for a new India at that time.
Kong Bibiana, one of the farmers and producers of Kraig from the villages, said, “Through the presence of nesfas, it has been like a source of inspiration for us the villagers who produce and cultivate Kraig because it has helped a lot to manage the market. u for rep".
The total number of recoveries so far is 1716, 156 cases today, 53 cases from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 73 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 26 cases from West Garo Hills. after.
There are 177 recoveries, 11 from Easy Hills, 128 from East Khadi Hills, 24 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from West Garo Hills and 10 from West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Director General of Police (DSP) Raghvendra Awasthi IPS today convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong, Principals of Schools and Colleges to discuss the issue. How to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
““Because on this polling day of the 1-Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency of the Lok Sabha, on 19/04/2024, there are people who use and force to poll the votes of others. people.
For the year
On this occasion, all the District Horticulture Districts came to take part in this exhibition by showcasing their works.
Other MLAs who attended the ceremony were Lambor Malangniang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Himalaya M Shangpliang, MLA from the Congress party and many other political leaders.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Undersecretary of Shillong FC, Ministry of Mines, of the Union Government of Meghalaya, Undersecretary, Ministry of Mines, Shillong, has said that the victory tomorrow morning will be important for Shillong FC. P.Vinay Kumar, on the 9th of this month, wrote to the Department of Atomic Energy, as this work falls under its jurisdiction.
Acknowledging the special occasion, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the members who will leave today have had the opportunity to be present in the old and new Legislative Assembly and that they came out witnessing the AmritKaaland the 75 years of the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) today announced the appointment of Vincent H Pala as the President of the MPCC in place of Vincent H Pala. Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
Adelbert Nongrum has expressed his dissatisfaction with the party because he opposes the decision of the CEC, because he has forgotten that in democracy the voice of many churches will have to stand, he has resigned and He claimed to resign but the CEC did not approve his resignation.
The donation of the organization is to help the students of this school.
On the issue of amending the rules of the MLA scheme, there is no need to, because the existing rules clearly state that it is not allowed to purchase equipment from the MLA scheme. this time to buy anything to help the poor during this time of crisis.
After receiving the information, the MLA was able to deliver the relief goods to the families of those infected with COVID-19 in Nongprut.
He said that all these allegations are just a political ploy.
Jowai, July 20: St Mary's Church of North India Nangbah has celebrated its 100th anniversary this year. Saturday 18th and ended on Sunday 19th.
The results of the competition were announced by Clarincy Mary Lwai who received a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka and a syrnot, while Sunny and Ford Sohtun won the title. They won the second prize with a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka and a certificate and the third prize went to Samla Fardy.
Following the Supreme Court's order, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has introduced a new feature on the Ministry's Broadcast Server (MIB) for advertisements on TV and Radio and on the platform. of the Press Council for advertisements published in newspapers, digital and internet.
The availability of these Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) has been a great help and special benefit to the people especially in terms of withdrawing money from their own bank accounts without having to enter the bank. neither shall I ask for help from anyone.
Pala, who is also MP to the Lok Sabha from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat, alleged that the HNLC's withdrawal from the peace talks is due to the lack of attention of the state government and the government. India, he said, does not have a problem that cannot be solved if there is a good dialogue.
There was also a drama on the theme Dharti Kahe Pukar Ke which explained the traditional farming methods, environmental protection and health performed by the members of the Self Help Group which attracted the attention of the villagers. .
What they reveal is that they have feelings if attacked.
The Meghalaya Police know how to impose rules and arrest only their own people while they don't know how to do anything to the enemy.
The Center is expected to work with the North Eastern Council, States and leading groups in the North East as well as national groups to develop the opportunities for economic development in the country. region.
“If this death of fish continues like this, it will be a threat to the lives of people if they go to fish in the river and eat the fish,” said Samla Thongni president. you KSU Ranikor Unit.
: The District Program Officer, ICDS (cell) has distributed the State Level Award 2012-13 and District Incentive Award 2012-13 to the Aganwadi workers as well as the assistants in East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District on July 26, 2013 at the Aganwadi Training Centre, Shillong.
We have directed the councils to hold their own meetings on this issue and to send their views and suggestions before the end of November this year and after that, the meeting will be held. Seng Kur pyllun within two months of the New Year to reach one goal.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the NPP party has many problems and is fighting to solve them. This is what the party has done in these days when it is in power to solve those problems. .
The students of this school are now in various positions, in government, politics and also some have worked abroad with the training provided at this important school. it is in the glory of mankind.
Four athletes from Meghalaya have been selected for the 36th National Games to be held in Gujarat. Four athletes from East Khasi Hills District and three from South West Khasi Hills District have been selected. Maryone Syngwan and Mebansan Sangma.
He said that the Elaka would like to express its gratitude to the Tourism Department for its support to this festival organized by Tyrna.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 321 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected nine boxers to take part in the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, which will start on Saturday.
During his visit, the Governor also visited the Rabindranath Tagore Art Gallery in the name of the famous poet. you bag buh will remember.
The residents of Lapangap, who earn their living from agriculture, have complained about the hostility of the Karbi who cut down the sying and stabbed the jyntang kba with a knife. brought a great loss to the Pnars in Lapangap.
Answering a question regarding the outstanding arrear, the CEm said it depends on the availability of funds.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Shynrem, said that the RTI received has surprised even the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. The 342 households living in the Mawlong Market area are employees of the Municipal Board.
The deceased were identified as Pyrkhat Dkhar, 55, of Jowai, Mani Bhadra Chakma, Tripura, who died at NEIGRHIMS.
The union strongly requests the Umkiang Police Station and other police stations in the area to work hard to find this truck and the driver even though the number plate has not been identified.
Now, it is their responsibility to incorporate the opinions of the State or District Councils (but otherwise) I don't think there will be anything left except to amend the Sixth Schedule. time only 2-3 days (to complete the work)," he said.
Explaining about the Goods and Services Tax, the Minister said that the target is to implement the Goods and Services Tax from 1st November next month. The new tax collection system is the states that produce the goods and the beneficiaries are the states that use them.
Regarding the equipment to be used in the mining areas, the group said that Canada produces low-cost but good equipment according to the needs of the mining industry.
At this meeting, the National President of the NPP said that it would be good if the MPs could be employed so that they can do better in their work in order to look after the development of the country. crawl.
Brothers and sisters, 70 years have passed since Independence.
He said there will be discussions between experts and meetings between sellers and buyers during the Mahotsav.
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar who started the patrolling in the evening from 24th June until now with the assistance of the Nongmensong Police Out Post.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today resumed its protest to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. by holding a meeting only with the leaders of the party near the Additional Secretariat.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by President Lambokstarwell Marngar, General Secretary Donal V Thabah and all other office bearers of the party. color buh.
At the meeting, they also mentioned that there is a problem in terms of land because to set up such schools requires 50 acres of land and this is one of the problems faced in the state. on his part, he shall see that they go forward.
Passah was born on 3rd October, 1952 and completed her Bachelor in Hindi (Covid) and took up the job as a Hindi teacher at Mawkhar Shillong in
Shillong, June 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday said that if it is the head of state or government to prevent the spread of COVID-1 government.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today celebrated the World Tourism Day.
As usual in other medical institutes, the ratio of women and men is 80:20 but in NEIGRIHMS it has changed completely and those who get the job, do not have any training because That NEIGRIHMS does not request that and this will cause problems to the patients who come for treatment at this place.
The Sordar Shnong, Bah Useful Lakhmie, who was present at the inspection, said that the area on the other side of the Umor River is still under the Hima Mawtamur and it is farmland on the other side of the Umor River. u lum, said that the village has ordered the people of Assam to stop the work.
In his speech, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, R Mathu, said that the children who are selected to study in such schools are the most fortunate among the children because they attend such schools. you have to pass the entrance test.
Therefore, our actions will save not only ourselves but also our nation, otherwise the time will come when we will become like the people of Tripura,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The meeting was chaired by James S. Lyngdoh, Working President MPCC. Other speakers at the meeting were Joplin Scott Shylla, President John F. Kharshiing, General Secretary Richard Marak. Shillong, Nail 19: Shillong Lajong Academy of India lost to Green Town Yuhua Taohuayuan of China in the penalty shootout after scoring the first goal of the match. The BRICS U-12 International Youth Football Tournament was held at the Putian Sports Center in Putian, China today.
The EPF will be paid 12.5 percent by MeECL and the 12.5 percent contribution by the employees will be paid by MeECL. The ESI will also be implemented in accordance with the provisions of this Act.
Dundee Cliff Khongsit General Secretary of FKJGP Shillong will continue to hold public meetings in different parts of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. , Lber 12: Dr Wanway's nomination papers were filed before Returning Officer FG Momin in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, in the presence of Prestone NPP, Lambor Malangniang Independent and other MLAs. Speaking to reporters after the filing of the nomination paper of Dr Wanway, Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of the National People's Party (NPP), has urged the Congress party not to nominate Dr Wanway. There are 41 MLAs in the MDA and it is expected that the MDA candidate from the NPP will win the election. the election of MP Rajya Sabha.
However, Amit Shah did not believe or respond to the voice of the MDA government.
As a special offer, this service will be provided free of charge to support smaller newspapers, TV channels and digital platforms.
Ma Kerios Wahlang has been honored in various awards by the Governor's Family, Raj Bhavan, Doordarshan, Seng Khasi Seng Kmie for his outstanding achievements in music and dance. , National Institute of Technology and the Union of Barikor Khasi and Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
In fact, we don't want to explain more on this issue, because it is difficult to explain to those who don't understand the basis, but because of the threats as appeared in these Khasi newspapers from Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM, KHADC, and after many of the children of the thousands, including the village, raid and hima headmen were angry with this statement we cannot refuse to clarify so that the new CEM and EM i/c Elaka knows.
Shillong, June 23: The Umniuh Tmar Elaka has sent its condolences on the passing away of Bah GS Massar, former MLA and MDC of Nongshken Constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the 19th South Shillong Constituency, today inaugurated a road in Lower Lumparing village, Mynsain, which has been standing for more than 20 years.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Tuesday said that the party has turned to former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh as the party's candidate for the upcoming elections. MP-Lok Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary seat will be held in
One person has recovered from the disease in East Jaintia Hills District, bringing the total number of recoveries to 92196 so far.
In Akkongre village, an earthquake has forced a vehicle into the roadside and no casualties were reported.
At the meeting of the party held at the Jaiaw Lum Pyllon Dorbar Hall today, all the branches of the party in the state attended the meeting. Rani to lead the party.
The Government's investment through these new facilities will strengthen efforts to revive traditional health services in this region of the country.
He said that this discussion will be a way for the people to get information.
This is the first international business process outsourcing facility in Shillong.
This decision was taken after there were too many vacancies for 176 specially trained doctors and 376 for doctors.
(DBL) in collaboration with USHA International has been able to provide assistance to about 100 mothers from poor households in income in rural areas of Assam and Meghalaya.
Also present at the meeting were the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, Ram Kumar, Mission Director NHM. The meeting urged the government to continue to encourage more people to get vaccinated.
The injured were identified as the driver of the BSF truck, the driver and two civilians. The vehicles damaged in the collision were ML-09A-7499, ML08A500,WB- 24Y-4936, WB-22U-1145, AS-01E-2600,AS-01/AG-1480.
Shillong, January 27; Speaking at the 65th session of the North Eastern Council, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the central government has already allocated T.30,000 crore for the implementation of projects. He said that this money should be implemented properly.
The Ministry of Education has requested the government to appoint 100 more teachers in the university. Besides these 58 teachers, the government has decided to start the university this year. 2025-2026.
In this regard, Bah James ban Basaiawmoit said that the danger is especially to issue labor licenses to foreigners, whether in the trade of inheritance or even land. The new EC has decided that those who cannot provide the documents as arranged by the DC cannot be granted.
Shillong, July 11: The availability of a blood testing center at the Civil Hospital Shillong has helped a lot to the people who need blood tests according to the orders of doctors from government health centers in Shillong. low price.
On the other hand, Ms Violet Lyngdoh said that the cleanliness of the morning is to follow the work of God.
On our part, we have had the opportunity to talk to the Chief Engineer of this department, we have confirmed that the people are very eager to get electricity so that they can be like other villages in the area. In his speech, he promised to complete the requirements so that the work can start before the end of this year.
Shillong, November 21: For the first time in Meghalaya, the State Planning Board of the Government of Meghalaya, on 20th December 2013, held an open interaction with 263 Village Employment Departments. Councils, (MGNREGS) under Nongstoin C&RD Block, West Khasi Hills District, to listen and hear face to face their views on development works from the C&RD Department especially in relation to the MGNREGS scheme. There were also office bearers such as Chairman, Secretary, and Longkmie, who came from about 260 villages from all over the Nongstoin area.
Marak said that the Prime Minister of India has thanked the people because after 50 days the people are still facing the same problem. “Modi doesn't keep his promises,” said Marak.
At the meeting, the Chairman of the Committee said that there is no hope for the factory to be revived once again for many reasons, including the high cost of running the factory.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the vaccination campaign against COVID-19 in the state has not been done by the Central Government. they don't pay money.
In this regard, the KHADC will have to send notice to those people according to the rules of law and if they do not pay they will have to be imprisoned for 6 months and fined T.500 tyngka.
Of these, 2347 have registered through online mode and 1628 through offline mode.
mm pistol, five unused bullets and T.60,0
This will increase the literacy rate of the State in the coming years and will further leave the State behind.
The Speaker expressed his gratitude to the Chief Executive Members for their cooperation with the Government in the fight against the spread of the disease. .
On our part as the residents of Mawsynram and other residents of Mawsynram Block in fact we have been able to express to the employees of these banks or even to the Village Leaders or Hima to help us send These Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) should be installed as soon as possible.
Today, a meeting was held to mark the month of this month. At this meeting, it was agreed that the state government, the army and the private sector should The government has decided to work together to eradicate this disease by 2030, in line with the Central Government's efforts to fight against this disease.
Referring to education, the Prime Minister said the government will strive to provide training centers to the rural areas.
The JSU, after receiving a complaint from the public, has sought information from the office and met with the DTO, Bah P.Laloo. The computers inside the office have been damaged and it is no longer possible to work as usual because now we have to work through these machines and not by hand.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling expressed his gratitude to the NWO for organizing this program to encourage the students.
The KHADC has collected T.92,200 from Laitlyngkot market and T.5,92,000 from Byrni market in Ri Bhoi district. in the year 2020 until now.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the government cannot meet with each and every person but has met with the groups involved in the border issues. years without doing anything this government is now struggling to solve this problem.
FSWs, who have provided all the services and have experienced staff, will promote testing opportunities and also provide training on methods that promote safety in food products.
The group was led by Mariam D Shira, former Minister of State and Headmaster of Don Bosco School, Rev. Fr.Janurias Sangma. meeting.
On this occasion, the youth of the village who have brought glory to the village through their work and positions in high positions in the government were also honoured.
The House also expressed its condolences on the passing away of two former Members of the House, Bah M Mylliem who represented the Mawphlang-Diengiei Constituency, while Bah H Shangdiar The CEM of KHADC, Rambrai, has opened the condolence speech. (SP News).
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, informed the MLAs that the state government has taken action on this road and the talks with the central government are ongoing. “The problem is only the way the money is spent,” he said.
The students' union has not hesitated to speak on this issue, and they have asked from time to time with the state government and what has happened is that they are still talking to each other. The Assam Students Union and the Karbi Students Union have been talking to the Assam Students Union and the Karbi Students Union to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
Polio will be eradicated by
Police have been on high alert to avoid any injuries during the celebration of the New Year.
Shillong, March 10: The NEDFi is the financial department of the Central Government to develop the North East of India in terms of income.
On this day, they will also demonstrate the fighter jets used by the army.
Police have seized a Night Super (ASO1-LC-6216) from the NH-6 at Nongsning. The bus and the police took him away.
Police have registered a case under Section 188/304A IPC R/w Sec 21 (1) of the MMDR Act. Sub-Inspector BP Talang, OC Shallang, said that he was taken to court and sent to jail.
Those who apply for this scheme should submit their bank account if they have Aadhaar. The forms will be submitted to the DC Supply office at M/S Frontier Indian Gas Agency, Mairang. environment.
This is the same for the NPP party which leads the government.
The Meghalaya Foot Ball Association was established in 2013 and has about 40 to 40 members. At present, all the office bearers are from Shillong.
He also said that the rule of the government does not specify the deficit schools.
It was found that the documents of the 9 foreigners selected were very poor and outstanding in terms of authenticity.
The strike is the beginning of the strikes they have already announced earlier and the strike will continue until the 5th of next month.
The written test for those who have completed all the requirements will be held on the 28th at Army Public School, Shillong for those from Meghalaya.
In this age of struggle, the youth have a responsibility not only to reap the fruits of victory but also to climb to the heights of victory.
The decision of the NGT is clear that the decision of the whole village is in the hands of the Central Government. If the State Government has received a decision from the Central Government, it will inform the NGT to take necessary action.
Shillong, Lber 13: The office is prepared as such incidents happen every year in October and June, said the DC. Shillong, October 13: The Women's Wing (WWW) The Khun Khynthei Hynniewtrep Association (KKHA) strongly condemns the killing of women and rape by criminals. To condemn such incidents, the KKHA will hold a public march on the 18th of this month. This month and will end at Khyndailad with the burning of candles, said Bah Goldy Warjri.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne today said that banks have started asking for Pan Cards from the Dorbar Shnongs when they go to open or those who have Pan Cards. your account in the bank.
The guards are from the Meghalaya Police, Mylliem Hima Police and KHADC Enforcement. Walk around the market from Anjelee, Mawlong Market, Motphran and also to parts of the Stand Jeep.
Up to 27 lakh food distribution workers will benefit from this benefit.
The Central Government has also taken note of the actions of the HNLC. If the HNLC cannot be controlled, it will affect the lives and livelihoods of the people. man of the law and is neither strengthening the resistance.
Dr. KK Baruah, Head of Livestock Production Division, welcomed the members and explained about the scheme. This scheme will produce up to 1000 chickens and this will help the farmers of Meghalaya and the region as a whole.
This was stated by Bah Donal V. Thabah General Secretary of the party in a statement sent today.
The party also urges the Dorbar Shnongs, the people and especially the local MLAs and MPs to work together on this issue.
On the other hand, the Chief of Army Staff said that he wants the youth of the North East to join the army as the Indian Army is one of the most powerful. btit tal in this world.
The issue of uranium is no longer new, the residents of the area where this mineral resource is located and other residents of the State have opposed the plan of UCIL to mine uranium.
During the investigation, the drugs were taken to Hirul Mandal of Cherringpara village in South Garo Hills District.
The BSF arrested these Bangladeshis after receiving a tip that some people had entered India from Bangladesh. The BSF also arrested three Indians who helped them to smuggle them to India. India is located in West Garo Hills District.
The Prime Minister said that the meeting was in the midst of preparation to respond to the court with an affidavit and as of now they still have to fill in the affidavit and they will sit again. to speak in these few days.
New Delhi, Jymmang 08: The Vice President of India, M. Venkaiah Naidu, on Tuesday said that the future of India lies in the youth of the country. The National Conference on Jobs and Livelihood Enablers was held by the NITI Aayog and the CII in Delhi today.
Shillong, Lber 17: The All Meghalaya Football Players Association (AFA) has elected its new office bearers this year. C Nongrum has been elected as the president of the association. M Marbaniang and M Khriam joined as secretaries and F Kharpran as treasurer.
The union has demanded that the government should not allow Ayush Kumar to study MBBS as according to information he is not a resident of Thangskai village and the union together with the village leaders will go. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to investigate the documents of Ayush Kumar. to remove the MBBS seat from him.
However, those who will be most affected in Social Sciences in 2024 are the out-of-school children who rely on old questions and help books bought from the market.
These 25 households who have received light have signed a soskular to say that the land they live in belongs to MeECL. they don't have this bag.
The Bureau has conducted press tours in various states to help journalists see for themselves the development works being implemented in the country and help them to report on key policies of the government.
The union will not withdraw the RTI filed in Saipung Block and will reveal all the facts on the implementation of NREGS in Myntriang village since 2009 and until now.
The excessive willingness of Khasi women to marry cleanly is an encouragement to other ethnic groups in which the Khasi race uses Khasi women only as a commodity to accumulate wealth.
The CEM of KHADC said that this is a serious threat which can affect even the lives of people where 20 children have been affected by auto drugs. Inquiry" to find out from the root what caused these children to get sick after taking the drug.
On the other hand, Bah Boldness in his speech said that he will look for ways and means to help this school.
This time, let us say, let us nominate our own candidate so that we can try and win the election.
He said that the EC has decided that the Bill will be drafted soon and will be introduced in due course.
He said that there is a need to bring the state to have this 100 days scheme which will be a tool in income generation and if there is a scheme of the Meghalaya government IDBL will be an example. He said that this scheme should be used to improve the rural roads by training the committees in the villages. This should not only be a way to provide jobs but it should be a way of bringing about economic change in the rural areas.
Naga's family members deny the claim that they paid the money.
He said that the HYC leaders are ready to suffer for the cause of the jaidbynriew and we don't mind going to jail if it is our duty to go to jail.
BSF on 29/11/2023 seized goods smuggled to Bangladesh and from a small bag foreign currency was recovered, BSF troops seized clothes, The sugar and other goods sent to Bangladesh amounted to T.8 lakh.
During his visit, Rijiju inaugurated the Synthetic Athletic Track and Field and the Synthetic Football Ground.
They were identified as Joydeep Paul and Nabajit Sen, residents of East Khasi Hills District. During the search, BSF seized 2,469 grams of Yaba and 10 grams of heroin.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: A riot broke out at Madan Polo this evening after many of the people who arrived at the venue could not enter the venue. There shall be no more people to enter.
Shillong, Lber 9: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the first modern farming center in Mawiong. , which was constructed at a cost of Rs 21.65 crore.
There are 185 recoveries, 143 from East Khasi Hills, 4 from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 14 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Khasi Hills, 22 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. The total number of cases so far has risen to
In connection with the war between Ukraine and Russia, the agency found that TV channels provided headlines that did not match the events and that journalists brought unfounded allegations or the use of words in such a way as to strengthen the viewers.
The statement that the subsidy should be based on the cost of building a toilet is wrong. The subsidy is 12,000 tyngka for a toilet in private households.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said that the job of nurses is very important because they care for the sick.
The BSF has lodged a complaint at Pynursla Police Station and the sarees have been handed over to the Customs at Pynursla for further investigation. Women in Bangladesh are very young.
“However, unfortunately, when there are any incidents especially in Meghalaya, during the heavy rainfall, if such incidents happen, the owners/employees of the Petrol Pumps are accused of cleaning the water in the petrol and sell it again.
The union will soon write a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi and also to the Union Minister of Coal. to request the Government of India to think sympathetically about this disaster which lakhs of citizens of Meghalaya are facing and also to find ways and means to help them so that the floods will not spread. they.
The electorate was more male than female.
There are about 1000 vehicles registered in Meghalaya every day.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet is to implement the Regulation Energy Conservation Act 2001, by accepting which all government buildings will have to use bulb lights which do not lack light. The consumption of light will help in the preservation of the environment and Meghalaya has now taken part in the fight against climate change.
It is to be recalled that on the 27th and 28th of this month there will be a night curfew by the FKJGP-KC, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ, AJYWO-CB. of the NH 44 from Mookyndur to Malidor on the grounds of demanding from the state government to improve this road as soon as possible.
With the installation of more water pumps, Coal India will be able to improve the pumping of water from the coal mine.
The purpose of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act is to ensure that people should receive 60 days' wages per annum.
Police have arrested Beet Sangma from Dimapur while two others, Taklu and Kari Ao from Dimapur, have escaped. he's a police officer.
He said that the two parties share the same responsibility in the campaign for the RDA candidate Robert June Kharjahrin.
The former Chief Minister said that he too has received information that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has to go abroad for treatment. How to hand over to someone else to look after the post of Prime Minister until he returns.
A seat has been reserved at Gyanpath where there will be cadets wearing white uniforms.
As part of the celebration of World Tuberculosis Day on the 24th of this month, the Rapsbun School of Nursing has celebrated this day in the presence of the Regional TB Project Coordinator of the region. Dr Girish Ghosh, Principal of Rapsbun School of Nursing, Sister Jeeva Oliappuram and others who were invited.
He also promised to donate Rs.5,00,000/- for the improvement of the school ground so that the students can play.
“Our inspection of the construction of this stadium was after we received complaints from the people that the construction of this stadium is not complete.
Speaking on the functioning of the District Council Courts according to the customs and traditions, Justice Thangkhiew said that there should be a systematic regulation of the District Council Courts. the judgment of the people for the benefit of the people.
At the same time, the CSWO, which belongs to Irene, has urged the government to take action against the children who should have been in schools. The government should do something to end this protest which has affected the people in the name of this protest in the name of Inner Line Permit.
To protect this region, NESO has called for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the North East to provide special protection to the people of this region.
At this meeting, the government has decided to allow all shops on the National Highways to open and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will issue guidelines in this regard.
The state celebrates this day to remember him as one of the freedom fighters of the country.
The Chief Minister said the government has improved the salaries of 52,829 government employees, 35,403 retired employees, 21,000 retired employees. 24,039 SSA teachers, 28,540 day labourers, 7051 ASHAs and 12,324 Aganwadi workers.
“The documents we have submitted are sufficient but now it depends on the approval,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Answering a question by Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sngma, said that the agriculture industry cannot be recognized as an industry.
On the same day, while the members of the union were returning to ISBT, they arrested about 18 foreigners from Assam who were trying to work in Meghalaya.
The special committee will look into the payment of food allowance and other benefits and the report will be submitted to the government for consideration.
In a letter sent to the NLC, the JSU said that if the UCC is implemented, it will affect the customs and traditions of the Khasi and Jaintia people living in Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Shnong has also decided to close down all the shops in Urkaliar from 10:00 pm according to the order issued by the East Khasi Hills District authorities.
At the same time, he said that they should also allow the media to report on the development works done by the government.
“Through this petition to the Prime Minister of India, we strongly request him to show sympathy to all the people of Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole who have been affected. “We strongly oppose this NGT order by challenging this order and also by creating the mechanisms to free the state and Jaintia Hills from this NGT order”.
New Delhi, July 17: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the brave sons of the country have sacrificed their lives in the defense of the country in the Galwan area.
Shillong, July 19: Dr Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi of the National People's Party (NPP) has defeated Congress candidate Kennedy C Khyriem by 20 votes.
Shillong, Nailur 04: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong has supported the decision of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma not to meet anyone today. -19 to 6 employees.
“For this reason, for the sake of our brothers and sisters, the party demands from the CEM of JHADC and his Executive Committee to ban the ban. Immediately stop the issuance and renewal of Trading license to all foreigners and foreigners to enable our people to engage in various types of businesses which have been owned by these foreigners and foreigners. .
The party would like to congratulate and encourage the enforcement police of KHADC especially the EM i/c trade and the CEM for taking this responsibility, which we as a nation have been waiting for for a long time. .
The meeting of the MDA on Friday will be more special as the BJP leaders, except for the two MLAs in the government, have accused the MDA meeting on Friday. this government in many ways.
Even if you have passed a degree level like BA/BSc/B.Com, etc, you can't talk about the job if you don't have strong supporters.
In constituencies where there is only one candidate, the party does not need to consider, but they should consider the party's cleanliness in such constituencies like Mawsynram Constituency where there is only one candidate. He said that he did not have a ticket for Bah Khraw Jyrwa.
He was tried and found guilty of this crime, the court decided to hang him.
Coweeta Basawiawmoit was elected as the president, Irene Lyngdoh Nonglait as the vice president, Degratia Nongkhlaw as the general secretary and five other office bearers of the women's organization in the village.
“The amount of money for them has reached T.1, 71, 20,417 according to the information received from the office of the director of DSEL,” said Babu Khongjirem.
After being elected as an MLA, he joined the UDP party. As a person, Bah SK Sunn is a person who is ready to help others who are poor, the youth as well. By promoting football, as an MLA he has contributed not only to the constituency but to the state as a whole.
If there is any case of theft in relation to the jobs of people, please post it on this website which belongs to the government. Government agencies should block this website and the law will take the necessary action to punish those involved.
The Santiniketan will be held at Santiniketan, West Bengal.
The presence of the Salesians of Don Bosco in our state is also a challenging task but it helps especially the poor and the children with disabilities.
Prof. CM Singh, AIIMS, Patna explained how foreign assistance will be very useful in the fight against COVID-19 at the hospital.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, while speaking to SP News Agency, said that the bullets found today are very old. people take advantage.
CA Lyngwa, IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, congratulated the Mawngap Police for seizing these drugs and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspected drug traffickers.
The letter announced that all those students who have taken admission from 2010 to 2013 are illegal and ordered the university to cancel all the degree awards of to the students.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement sent today has spoken about the freedom of the media in Meghalaya. their freedom? On 27th June 2015, the Meghalaya High Court (MHC) has issued an order prohibiting the media from publishing news on curfews, road blockades by political parties and civil society groups. The HNLC has called for a curfew in connection with the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
After finding out that there was a mistake, the authorities were informed of the incident, the company sent another helicopter to pick up the minister from Mairang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong Bah Michael Thongni and Bah Lambor Kharshilot said that they could not explain who was involved in the tied up of this man until he passed away. .
The Taekwondo Martial Art Association (ATMA) will honor these winners on the 14th of July.
The letter of demand from the GNLA was received by the Manager of the LPG company. The Supply Department of East Garo Hills District has had to distribute the lyer shet jingshet to the consumers.
They have provided full service to the residents at that time and on a daily basis in terms of the health of all the residents,” he added.
The MSOA also thanked the Sports Department of the State Government for promising to support the Marathon once again and the Union expects that this year there will be more foreign participants. I don't want to participate in this Marathon.
In his speech, Dr Mukul said that the facilities available at the government hospital in Tura are the same as those used in large hospitals in other parts of India.
The residents of Tura village went to the park just to play to relax from their many activities and the children to have fun where they played with their friends who came to visit the DC Park.
The road from Shillong to Tura is under the jurisdiction of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). but thou hast nothing to do with it, because it hath not been built until now.
The channels also used headlines alleging that the authorities were biased in curbing the riots.
Answering additional questions by other MLAs, the Minister said that the government will strive to improve these construction sites within the next two years or more. to move forward.
The meeting also agreed to train the public, youth and especially school children how to understand better about traffic rules together with the Traffic Police Branch which will be abolished. This is also the case at Mawlai PS.
Today, the country is transitioning from being export-oriented to an even stronger export-oriented country.
Shillong, July 12: Chairman of Sur U Paidbah Hynniewtrep HS Shylla is in critical condition and is undergoing treatment at Woodland Hospital.
According to media reports, the MLAs of the parties in the MDA government will decide who will appoint them, as the PDF has. The BJP has two MLAs, one is a minister and the HSPDP has two MLAs and one is a minister.
On behalf of the owners of the houses, Paramvir Singh said that there is a need for cooperation from both sides.
He said that during the meeting, the Prime Minister agreed with the proposal and said that this is a proposal but to take a decision, it has to be discussed. and to consult in the right manner before proceeding in this matter.
Police arrested these people at about 10.30 pm and recovered Ganja and drugs from them.
There are others who have been in office since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and who are still working until they were terminated in November this year,” said Bah Kasperline.
Shillong, July 04: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have received a tip that a vehicle number AS-24D-2838 from Silchar to Silchar has been arrested. East Jiantia Hills.
In her speech as the chief guest, she promised that the government will give its full support to the bank.
Dikanchi D Shira of the Congress and Conrad K Sangma of the NPP are contesting the MP election. They have to cast their votes on the 16th of this month and tomorrow morning to announce who will win and who will lose because the decision is up to the people who have fulfilled their duty to elect the MP. Purno A Sangma, who represented the Garo community 10 times in the Parliament of India, has passed away.
This is related to the training of health workers within the Council's jurisdiction.
In view of these challenges, the Stand Up India scheme was launched on 5th June 2016 to promote start-up private enterprises related to economic empowerment and job creation.
It may be recalled that the Government of India, the highest authority in charge of the issues of the tribals, after a long hearing, has issued a directive to the department. Ministry of Tribal Affairs to oversee and implement the remaining commitments as concluded in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August
RDA Chairman Metbah Lyngdoh said that Robertjune will contest in the Bom.
Regarding this problem, the DC said that the residents should lodge a complaint with the authorities who can punish those people who take advantage and directed the taxi drivers to put the price of the car is low.
When Assam came to have authority on the border, they went to meet the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister listened to them and spoke to the Chief Minister of Assam.
Replying to a question by Bah Paul, the Minister said in the House that the government has set up a committee to discuss the issue. The Chairman and the Committee have met twice.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed 36 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. North Garo Hills 6, Ri Bhoi 3, South Garo Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 4, West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 5 cases.
The Nonghyllam Police Station will be inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
Gurdeep Singh, CMD and others were present at the celebration.
Shillong, March 03: U Rikman G Momin today swore in as the new president of the party in the presence of Earnest Mawrie, AL Heak MLA and other BJP leaders in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: U Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma today said that he is not aware of the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to arrest the results of children who have not been vaccinated against Measles Rubella.
Before the burning of the tyngshop, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by the Headman of Shella Village, Bah Readerforce Sarubai. Bah Roy Kupar Syrem, GS HYC said that MeECL and the Government of Meghalaya want the residents of the area to the region will return to the age of Darkness when the rest of the world is driving towards the Light.
Currently 11 cheetahs are on the run and 5 including a cheetah cub born in India are in suitable captivity.
Referring to the changes brought about in the Government, Dr Sarkar said that along with the increase in the number of jobs, there has also been a thorough review of the promotion of all the officers who have been appointed. working in various Government bodies.
“The Shillong Municipal Board has temporarily relocated the shopkeepers inside the market to new shops nearby, but they have all returned to live in the old shops inside the market after the There was an understanding that they will leave when the Municipal comes to demolish the shops,” said the CEO.
Barikupar said that during the meeting, the Minister promised that the State Government would take action on their demands but he did not promise to do anything on the demand for salary increase.
The second round of border settlement talks between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam at the Prime Ministerial level will be held tomorrow Saturday at the State Guest House, Khanapara, Guwahati, Assam.
The number of e-way bills issued in October 2022 stood at Rs 7.7 crore representing a 13% increase compared to the 6.8 crore e-way bills issued in June 2022, which marked the speed of business revival.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice empowering magistrates and police to impose fines on those who violate the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. and COVID-19 measures at the parking lot at Anjali Parking Lot.
He also congratulated the Hima Mylliem and the District Council for taking the initiative to convene a meeting of all the Village Authorities in Ribhoi to discuss this issue. in these few days I shall not be.
“We also urge other Dorbar Shnongs to understand this issue by providing land so that we can build Rehabilitation Centres,” said Bah Paul.
She congratulated the teachers who have worked hard to teach at this college.
Those States which have issued such orders have been advised to monitor the progress of the work and provide additional assistance to private hospitals.
He said that in fact there are two veterinary dispensaries, one in Thyrnai and one in Thangsning. question is asked.
Shillong, November 11: The Assam Rifle today conducted a blood donation at their camp at Laitkor to donate to the NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong.
At present, the Chief Minister is like that, if the Chief Minister keeps his promise as he said that before starting the railway line, they will talk before this problem will not arise.
However, the remaining road from Zero Point to Pham Kyrdemkulia which is about 6 km away remains. HPF urges the PWD to complete the cleaning before the rainy season.
On this occasion, there was also a distribution of medicines to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in public places in Mawlat.
The application for a coal mining permit is in accordance with the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 and the Minerals Concession Rules this coal.
Today I learned that he cannot walk because he is sick.
A poet who sings and writes in the world and in the world, both in the Khasi and English languages; Bah Daminot is a great man and a strong man.
The tournament will be organized by the MBA and the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and will be funded by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
What is more sad is that the school which has taught more than 1000 students does not have a library room especially in the higher sections.
Regarding the current protest, the MPHRC feels that it is the duty of the government to find ways and means how to bring peace in the state. bring about a lot of violation of human rights.
The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) on Friday appealed to all residents to comply with Rule 4 of the Solid Waste Management Rules,
To convince Modi, responsibility should be taken. In the Hills State struggle, the leaders said “No Hills State, No Rest, No Hills State Direct Action”. , No ILP Direct Action".
The family members of the woman, after learning of the incident, lodged a complaint with the Khapmara Police Station. I'm not going to Shanghai.
On the other hand, Bah Commander explained to the jhur vendors that they should understand why the government has issued the orders to keep a distance from each other. The COVID-19 pandemic has swept the world and the state as well.
Ed) exams 2015 of the 1st batch (2013) has been released by the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) on the 22nd of this month which is the third time that the NIOS has released the results of the same examination. Members of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the MSSASA led by its President Bah Aristotle C Rymbai on the same day visited the office of NIOS. Shillong to seek clarification on the recurrence of errors in the D.El results.
On the other hand, they invited all the candidates who are waiting for the results to come on this day as a sign of protest against the government which has released the results of the Written Examination.
The Director said that the death toll from COVID-19 today has risen to two, bringing the total number of deaths to
Shillong, November 15: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), while speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Golden Jubilee of the HSPDP at Soso today. Tham Auditorium in Shillong, he said to prevent the illegal entry of other ethnic groups is only for the ethnic parties.
On the other hand, the JSU sends its greetings and wishes to all the people that through this celebration of Behdeinkhlam we will receive many blessings from the TreKirot Kynrad so that we will not receive it. health, well-being in the workplace, education, peace and harmony in the society as a whole.
While the discussions are ongoing for the passenger railway, there is a need for a freight railway and this is necessary for the benefit of the people of the state.
India's commitment to electricity generation and universal electrification has brought about change.
In the private sector, work has started for the improvement and development of airports in Delhi, Bengaluru and Hyderabad at a cost of Rs 25,000 crore over the next five years.
Guwahati, Naitung 07: Vodafone India, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in the country, has helped fulfill the dream and aspiration of Northeast Chief Minister Sanjib Sarkar to meet face to face with the country's leader. Amitabh Bachchan's film debut in Mumbai.
The festival will be held from the 7th, 8th and 9th of October 2024 and these dates have been postponed to the third edition and earlier it was decided to hold it on the 1st of June. until the 3rd of June and later postponed to the 22nd, 23rd and 24th of June.
He also set a goal that if he wins, he will force the government to pay the salaries of all teachers in the state as soon as possible.
The new president urged his fellow members to unite with one mind to improve their work in the service of the nation and to take responsibility not to be overwhelmed by foreign powers. for in these days it is seen that the authorities of the land have covered the whole land.
Prof. (Dr.) Samir Kumar Bhattacharyya, Former Director, National Institute of Homoeopathy, Kolkata and I Dr.C.A.R.Diengdoh, CDC, NEHU, Shillong.
To bring about the development of the area, Bah Metbah, who is also the MLA of this constituency, requested them to cooperate to bring about the development of the area. He said that when he says this, he does not mean that he hates other ethnic groups but there is a need for cooperation.
The cleanliness drive is in preparation for the commemoration of Kiang Nangbah on the 30th of this month.
Marbastar Kharbangar, Sordar of Smit Pynllun, said that this action of the police has put the passengers in great trouble because the stem vehicles cannot leave the market at 2 pm. just want to hire.
However, he said that if these four villages do as they have said, it will be a great loss to the state. which is already small.
Shillong Superintendent of Police, Vivek Syiem, said that police have arrested Jefferson from Nognrah on suspicion of being a suspected perpetrator and are taking him to the Civil Hospital. to send him to the doctors and after that they will investigate.
“We acknowledge the long-standing presence of the Harijans in Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today honored Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh for winning the mid-term elections and Ashahel D Shira for Rajabala. but he did very well in this election.
Therefore, the union urges the EM in charge of Labor to take action on this issue so that it will not lead to any violation of the laws of KHADC and the NOC issued by the KHADC. The Rangbah Shnong has made it clear that non-tribals who do not have proper documents will not be allowed to work.
This will be done by holding various discussions and meetings that the Commission has arranged to hold in Assam during its visit to the state.
Many of the office bearers of the Congress Women's Wing attended the meeting at the party office at Thana Road Shillong.
For this year, the government has awarded Beta Edibles Processing Private Limited to supply sugar at a cost of T.54270/-.
Shillong, November 11: Two doctoral students who went to Jharkhand for doctoral studies have lost their scholarship after the central government removed their college. .
The KSU has sent a letter to the Sub Divisional School Officer Mawkyrwat to reopen the school at Domiasiat.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The KSU SWKHD has expressed its surprise at the action of Bah Pynshngain Syiem CEM of KHADC by issuing NOC for the uranium road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji which is a 43 km uranium road.
He said that while the KHADC Housing Act has not yet been implemented, the KHADC has already issued a notice to the applicants to submit to the banks that the KHADC will implement the Act and now it has implemented it. claim.
In the past years, NTA has conducted the CUET examination for Post Graduates who have to pass CUET-PG to enter classes in various universities whether in Meghalaya or Therefore, the KSU is pleased to take action on this issue so that our students can attend classes even abroad.
On this occasion, the employees of MeECL held a rally in front of the office opposite the Main Secretariat of the State Government to carry their cards to express their opposition to the transfer of jobs. produce electricity to the private sector.
The main task of the party who came to hold the protest is to achieve peace in the area.
In this book, the author has brought in the form of sonnets of poetry as a tribute to his fellow Khasi writers who have passed away and in total he has collected 56 poems.
The program was enriched by dance, drill and other items from the youth of Moopynieiñ, students of KB Memorial S/S Wapung and Wearring Memorial DCLP School, Wapung.
Saleng was elected as the new MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency after defeating Sitting MP Agatha Sangma who is the NPP candidate. hold the post of MP and MLA at the same time.
The MLA of 18-Shillong North said that the NPP-led MDA government has ignored him on many occasions in this regard even though he is the MLA of this constituency. the government has forgotten him.
The film, produced in India, China, Switzerland and Qatar, has been screened at Film Bazaar, Tokyo Talents (Producer), BoostNL in 2019 and Berlinale Talents (Director). and The Movie Factory in 2020.
The meeting will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong at 11:30 pm.
The testing of people on the border with Guwahati in Khanapara area has almost been completed and 20 cases have been confirmed in Ri Bhoi where one person has recovered and 19 cases remain.
Since it is not enough to accommodate all the 342 households, we have agreed to allocate a small amount of land, about 1.4 acres.
After receiving information that the father of this household is having difficulty in building a small house just to hide from the rain with 4 children, the mother of the household has lost all assistance. in a small amount of money to contribute to the father of the household so that he can have the strength to complete his household.
The residents of Shillong have flocked to the Laitumkhrah Monastery with their children to light the lights of this famous mosque in Meghalaya. Christmas is coming despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has expressed its support to all the students who have passed the DSC examination in all districts of the state in their struggle to demand the DSC examination. truth.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) in collaboration with the KJP Girl's Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound Shillong will hold a 5 km and 10 km marathon. on 27th June 2017 for children aged 6 years and above and 18 years and above for both men and women.
According to this book, it is understood that the stay of this great man in Shillong was about 20 days and during this stay he met with the great man of Khasi Hills, Babu Jeebon Roy. He was the founder of the Khasi Seng in
Shillong, November 04: The La-Riti Foundation has held a two-day workshop to discuss the songwriters of the North East.
Bah Sohtun expressed his special thanks to the health department, police and District Administration and all the staff who have worked hard and with their cooperation we will be able to fight. against this in front.
The KSU has closed down these offices because they do not respect this special day which the state is celebrating to commemorate the death of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima in in Dhaka, which is now Bangladesh.
Chapter II Section 5 of the RTI Act 2005 and no RTI Application submitted to him can be rejected except for the following reasons. This is in accordance with Chapter II Section 8 of the RTI Act
Charles congratulated the people of the area for their unity and courage, and also congratulated the RiBhoi District Police Department under the leadership of SP N Lamare. The DSP, ADM and Border Magistrate have taken immediate action to resolve this issue.
Police said that on the 16th of this month, they received a complaint that Jamor Ali (35) along with his driver Noor Ahmed and Zahidul Islam (25) had left the road. She left for Meghalaya on the evening of the 15th of this month to perform important duties in Meghalaya.
Regarding the District Council Court, the EC has decided to implement a video conference to take decisions and to have its own court. a website where people can complain or review legal matters.
““Ka seng has urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the role of the State Government and the Legislative Assembly or the 60 MLAs should not end with the passage of the Resolution but we want the State Government to take the lead. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the ILP is not over and the State Government will continue to fight for the ILP. remind the Central Government on the ILP,” said Bah Synrem.
The nine persons who have been selected for the Governor Medal 2020 are Geffry W Lyngdoh MPS, DSP Eastern Range Shillong, Queenie AB Fancon, MPS Assistant Commandant SF-10 Shillong.
It is learned that the commercial vehicles carrying dewbilat from Jiantia Hills to different places per day are not less than 400 vehicles and when the demand for dewbilat is high, it reaches 600 vehicles. ten days.
The court fined Jobkupar Wahlang T.1000, Sibu Swargiary T.1000, Robert Lamlasuong Singson T.1000, Richir C.Marak T.1000 and Barimon Laloo. T.3500 rupees.
In his speech, LGU RN Singh said that this task should be to dedicate one's body and soul for the sake of the country. The country and the whole area that they have now should be preserved.
Shillong, Lber 16: Answering a question by Diosstarness Jyndiang MLA of Nongstoin on the issue of traffic jam in Nongstoin, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that The Ministry of Home Affairs has requested the government to increase the number of police in Nongstoin to look into the traffic jam.
Shillong, June 01: The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G Kharmawphlang, today said that a two-year-old child was killed in the earthquake on Tuesday night. Lawlynter has died and the village has been severely damaged.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, the Chief Minister mentioned other projects that the government plans to do for the state and in his speech he touched upon all the development projects, from education, Water supply, trade, roads, roads to develop the youth.
There is also a statement that Article 371, Article 244 (2) and the Sixth Schedule have been abolished.
In Mairang Civil Sub Division, the counting of votes will be for two constituencies, Mairang-Nongkhlaw and Pariong-Mawthadraishan while in Nongstoin, only for Rambrai-Jyrngam.
He said that the problem with the people in the state is that they are reluctant to come forward to tell what happened and when it has happened they blame the government.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Ampareen said that it was the Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi, who inaugurated the state as it is today. 50th anniversary tomorrow.
Their answer comes from within.
Shillong, July 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Village Council has sent a letter to the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Sohra requesting for an inquiry into the damage caused to the village. the storm of nature.
The two-day festival will end tomorrow, 4th June and the organization invites all the young men and women to take part in this festival to thank God.
“The motor area is also a place where curfew has been imposed and section 144 has been imposed. Their carrying of weapons shows that they have violated the law. they didn’t catch them, they broke the law.
Sahida Bibi, 19, of Moulakandi, Ashraful Hoque, 14, of New Bhaitbari and Rabia Khatun, 8, of Nayagaon have lost their lives. All of them are under the jurisdiction of Phulbari Police Station.
On the other hand, the party would like to extend its special thanks to the Prime Minister of India for distributing the assistance to the people of India who have received the assistance. difficulty in obtaining food.
The worst thing is that we build roads and roads with bombs just for the sake of getting money.
Jowai, July 10: “The state government has promised to promote agriculture in the state especially in Jaintia Hills because even the fertilizer and seeds cannot be bought at market price or “Through subsidy assistance from the Agriculture Department,” said Lawyerson War, District Agriculture Officer (JSU) in a meeting with District Agriculture Officer W. Marbaniang today at his office. .
The Seng is deeply saddened especially by the people who live only on daily wages, driving wages, shop wages who have had to endure such hardships just to get food. to their children or their family.
Any group/team from individuals, family members, schools, etc. can visit or witness for themselves this wonderful and unique place in Meghalaya and For more information, please call 9436111103, 9615706410 or
The people have to go to farm and have to walk through this area which is between farmland and residential areas. agriculture.
General Secretary of the Central Puja Committee JL Das said that this year the attendance was less and the puja started at 12.00 pm and ended at 5.00 pm.
All these allegations against him are only political, it is because of the UDP's failure that UDP president Singh Mulieh and UDP MDCs have gone to join the BJP, when they cannot run the party. “They should not criticize others,” said Bah Modon Rymbai.
Police chiefs also rushed to the minister's house and investigation into the incident is ongoing. At the time of writing of this news, police have arrested only one person. The writing is still going on to find out if there are others.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has immediately launched a thorough investigation after receiving a tip on Tuesday that two prek were found inside the Capsule Amoxycilling. One patient went to Pomlum PHC, East Khasi Hills District.
This should be the main question before us today.
On the same day, the Union Minister also unveiled the statue of the Prime Minister who was buried at the door of Indira Gandhi.
Four deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District. The number of confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills District is Two cases from Hills, three from Ri Bhoi, one from South Garo Hills, 16 from West Garo Hills and nine from West Jaintia Hills
As the MLA of this constituency, he will fight as much as possible to talk to the government for all development works at the level of Civil Sub Division.
The State Government has looked into those areas which have been questioned and the Government is still looking into them and the question why the works have not been implemented will not come out. and to say to take the law into their own hands is unacceptable and the police have to do something.
NEHUSU has also vowed to continue strong protests if the university authorities do not listen to this demand.
The Mawpat C&RD Block has been separated from the Mylliem Block and the new block will serve three constituencies, Pynthorumkhrah, Nongthymmai and Mawryngkneng.
From around 9% of SNGs present during 2023, the figures have now increased to 40% and continues to grow every day.
The KSU leader said that if anyone is against the ILP, they should speak clearly and not mislead the people, as said by Vincent H Pala MP of Shillong.
The Government aims to encourage children to take up this specialized education in the field of science and mathematics especially those who are low income due to poverty. other parts of the state to study.
The langiong and ingkhong shyllangmat are trying to sell their Jaidbynriew in the name of economic development and employment and this shows that the central government is trying more and more to cover up its smuggling activities. through them.
Until now, this road has been seen as a road without owner, without manager and without maintenance which has affected the traffic of the people”.
Shillong, November 15: As part of the celebration of Christmas this year, the employees of the Survey of India, Shillong have come forward to celebrate Christmas. rejoice with the poor and needy families through gifts and drinking together.
Speaking to reporters, HNLC Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa said that the talks with the government will start in July and after the talks, they will be able to express their views. the demands of the party to the government.
In this competition he also won a gold medal which is an honor for the whole country.
This helps the elderly and those living in rural areas to get good care.
Rupala said the mobile van units which he will hand over to the district in Mahendraganj are special for the rural areas to solve the problems arising due to the lack of veterinary hospitals in the district.
The life of Baba Saheb gives us an example to face any difficulty with determination and hard work.
As a public awareness campaign on the rights of consumers, the MLCU has organized games and races in which the public and school children from these villages have come to take part.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) has canceled its meeting due to the upcoming elections to the Legislative Assembly. The meeting will be held on the 31st of this month, according to a statement by Dr DT Sun.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Bah Disparsing Rani, one of the volunteers, today said that according to his research through RTI, there are 1708 posts in three departments. government.
He said that those who are poor cannot afford to travel by Air Ambulance due to the high price, they also operate Train Ambulances from Guwahati Railway Station.
To fight against this crime, the civil society and parents who are concerned about this crime are urged to work together with the police to arrest these people. He also advised the public and schools to inform the police if they suspect anyone of committing such crimes.
He said that he and the Secretary have understood the problems of the farmers because a lot of money has been spent on behalf of the farmers and this has led them to discuss the problems of the farmers. farmers should not inform the government.
We also urge the Police department to monitor such restaurants so that we can eradicate evil, and we will not allow evil to enter this society especially the Khasi girls. he acne you kind.
This decision was taken by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly in a special session today.
“I cannot support Rahul Gandhi, but the Republican Party of India (RPI) and the NPP support the NDA government led by Narendra Modi. , Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Jains and all religions.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Unit has expressed its surprise after seeing the news published on 29th July 2020 under the heading, “The MLA has taken action and upgraded the Namdong PHC to KSU Namdong Unit has expressed its surprise to see this news because according to the investigation of the Seng, it has been found that Namdong PHC has not been upgraded since 10th July It has not been announced that it has been promoted to CHC. How can it be that the PHC Namdong has been upgraded when the operation is still the same as before and even the number of staff has not been found to be upgraded to be a CHC,” said Samla Chanbor War President of PHC Namdong. KSU Six Units.
New Roman";mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";color:#222222′>.
While the sales of Khadi and Village Industries were T.1.01 crore in the fiscal year 2021-22 and increased to T.1.34 crore in the fiscal year 2022-23, this was higher than T. crore this year.
The 103 by-elections used in the last MP elections have been handed over to government departments for use for the benefit of the people.
At this meeting, the HFU has decided to stand firm on the principle of not allowing the kilo cut of the products of the farmers who come to sell in the market, Mawlong market except for khoh, kriah and pla byrni.
L.P School.
In a statement, the Arunachal Pradesh Government said that the Cabinet expresses its deep sorrow to see the loss of this prominent politician. you are the one of life without thinking.
Dr War said it is not easy to leave because of the rapid spread of the disease.
The tree's collapse is believed to have been caused by the rain and wind.
His father sent him to accompany Ratneswar Bora, the father of Suknani Ojapali, for training and from this he became involved in the Ojapali movement.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Conrad reminded the public that his father Purno A Sangma had attended step school at one of the schools of the priests in Dalu. juh don that feeling close to the place and want to develop it.
Prestone said they have already hired a special train from the government to transport the people of the state to Guwahati and from Guwahati to Guwahati. The government will also pay for the vehicle.
The ANVC(B) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the working methods of the Prime Minister, alleging that the Prime Minister has deceived the party for his own political gain. .
Even in the midst of the bad weather, people from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have come to this Nongkrem festival which is the only Hima that still maintains a religious festival within the Hima.
Ivanlumlang Marbaning congratulated and blessed the candidates for the election from the PDF party. The candidates of the PDF are Bah Draison Kharshiing from 1-Nartiang Constituency, Bah James Shylliang from 8-Mawhati, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong of 11-Umsning, Hamletson Dongling of 20-Mylliem, Latiplang Kharkongor of 21-Nongthymmai, Grace Mary Kharpulri of 27-Pynursla, Banteidor Lyngdoh of 29-Mawkynrew2, Good Nongsi Lengdoh of -Nongstoin, Morningstar Mawsor of 34-Mawsynrut, Airmarshal Diengan of 35-Ranikor and Hedrian Lyngdoh of 36-Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, July 04: The Union Government has set a target that all households in India should have a toilet. to all the households in the countryside.
The campaign was attended by Minister of Industry Sniawbhalang Dhar, Sohryngkhang MDC Pyniaid S Syiem, SWKH District President Kitborlang Nongrem, former Sutnga MLA Hopeful Bamo and Stephenson. Shillong, Nailar 14: The State Government today declared a public holiday on the 23rd of this month which is the polling day in 51-South Tura and 35-Ranikor. constituency.
To strengthen this, Dr Singh said that the Union Textile Ministry has launched various schemes for the people of this area.
Their protest is to fight to increase the price of meat.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today met with the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister PHE Samlin Malngian and Minister Urban Affairs Hamlet Dohling. The CoMSO has met with these leaders to remind and demand that they should support the proposal to introduce the rules. The group also urged the government to complete the Inner Line Permit in the amendment to the MRSSA by October.
“I have checked the payment of these rusit paid to the ASHAs received in different blocks.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, the General Secretary of the HYC-CEC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that the Government should first suspend the appointment of CDPOs. At present, the Social Welfare Department does not have any Service Rules for Lady Supervisors and the promotion of them to the rank of CDPO has not been approved by the Government.
Referring to the struggle to remove him from the post of Chief Minister, Gogoi said those who want to remove him are power hungry and their actions are wrong. do not fall from the top.
It was the government's opening up through a letter sent to the District Councils that prompted the EC to introduce the bill in the House today to implement the ILP in the KHADC. Shillong, March 26: Sookini Sutnga, who represented East India in the Miss Tourism Queen Worldwide pageant, has asked for the support of the people of the region to become the winner of the pageant. they are good people.
However, due to the lack of funds in the budget for 2017-2018, it was suggested to purchase the equipment gradually and in the first phase the government has released T.2,87,28,379/- crore for the purchase. he kit air fighting.
The other injured were identified as Wannysha Ksoo, 27, and Newmemorial Wahlang,
The FKJGP said that this will cause problems to the residents if the bill of light increases, and furthermore the FKJGP expresses its deep sorrow over this incident. Your bill is T.180 per month and T.7638 per month.
At first, he started with an investment of Rs.
On the other hand, Dr. War confirmed that the COVID-19 Omicron virus has been present in Meghalaya, the people should be vigilant, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare does not want to impose rules but if the disease “It's not like we're going to be able to issue more rules, but to avoid these rules, be thoughtful,” said Dr War.
The office of the Commissioner and Secretary of the Legislative Assembly has sent a letter to the members of the BAC, who are present to decide how many days the Legislative Assembly will sit.
Referring to the electricity department of the state government, Bah HM Shangpliang, one of the members of the PAC, said that it is sad to see that even though MeSEB has been converted into MeECL, the work is still the same the only change is the name.
Shillong, June 26: As the country is implementing the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (Clean India Movement), the Chief Executive Officer of the Jowai Municipal Board, Jowai, has urged the residents of Jowai to donate to work together to keep the city of Jowai clean.
There are 154 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 5 from East Jaintia Hills, 114 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 24 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from South West Khasi Hills and 2 from West Khasi Hills. So far, 15429 people have been confirmed with the disease.
The remaining five states, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim, have no shortage of revenue collection due to the implementation of the GST. There are no States & UTs in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, March 22: The President of the North Eastern Hills University, Shillong, on Tuesday said that women have done better in their studies. Speaking on education in the country, he said that the North East of India needs to be improved.
According to the latest reports , if the AICC does not listen to the demands of the MLAs from the state as they have demanded from time to time , there will be no more MLAs except to divide the party The Congress should leave and form a single party to be led by another party to form a new government in the state.
Section 11 of the Act also deals with compulsory acquisition.
The Prime Minister of India has urged the youth to visit the border villages of India to understand the presence of different cultures in the villages of the states. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Prime Minister of India.
If found guilty of employing children, the imprisonment will be three months and a fine of up to T.20,000/- if found.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (which includes the Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas) has been filled with regret. Ma Batskhem Lyngdoh, Dolloi Rymbai Elaka, and Joint Secretary, Rymbai District, on 7th March 2014, have passed away.
This initiative aims to support scholars and researchers who are willing to contribute but do not have sponsors".
According to the figures, the worst affected households are in Umsning Block with 1969 households in Bhoirymbong Block and Umsning Block. of these blocks to date.
cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in Bhoi.
The government will open one Commerce and Science College in Mawphlang and one in Mahendraganj.
On the other hand, CEM Teinwell Dkhar promised to take action on these issues raised by the HFU. The HFU also met with Bah Pyniaid who is the Dy CEM and on his part he said that The council has set up a committee to look into the issues of the farmers in Iewduh and the council hopes that this will be resolved.
This vision document is posted on the website of the Planning Department.
Other issues will also be taken to improve health such as the provision of free medicines to the BPL residents, poor women and the elderly, the provision of health facilities. improved health insurance, increased number of ambulance vehicles and so on,” said the RDA election manifesto. research and study on the impact of Central Government Acts such as the Land Act, Forest Act and MMDR Act on the livelihoods of the tribals.
He said that the RDA existed only in the last election because of unavoidable reasons, but this group exists because of its character. The world has never been able to meet but now it has been able to meet.
Other emergency activities under the COVID Response Package (ECRP)-II, PM-ABHIM, which was funded through 15 Finance Commission (XV FC) grants.
Or it may be that they don't have the will to demand ILP and they are forcing the Bhalang parties and the people to strengthen their seat.
He said that the party wants to have unity between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo. The Garo in Khasi and Jaintia have no knowledge of the demand for Garo. “Land, the parents, the parents and they too were born here and will stay here, they have no knowledge of Garo Land,” said John D Sangma.
Finally, the union urges the government and the HLC to expedite the repair of the land, said Samla Donal V Thabah General Secretary of the union.
The thinking of the TMC leaders in Shillong is different from the thinking of the TMC in West Bengal,” he said.
The competition is organized annually by the Indian Society of Hematology and Transfusion Medicine (ISHBT), the first group of hematologists and hematologists in India.
The BSF has seized 3481 animals including cows and muid from the area which borders with Bangladesh in 2022 while still planning to import into Bangladesh.
Similarly, in Khasi Hills, 32 out of 54 Hima/Elakas have not yet passed any Act or Rule.
Bah Bawan blessed the players to bring glory to the nation as a whole and the KSU to continue to hold these kinds of games which bring unity and opportunity to rise to higher levels.
The village has urged the office of the Assistant Engineer in Sohra to allow the people to pay the light bill without any penalty. lock down.
: Repentant and Umiapkhla.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the Ministry of Education should review the appointment of these 14 students and therefore the Seng should think differently and not write to the court to challenge this so that the students They have received their rights.
Shillong, July 23: Lieutenant General RC Tiwari, GOC in-Chief Eastern Army Command, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bavan Shillong.
The union has already scheduled protests and if the government does not do anything they will announce their protests in the coming days.
Police are investigating the extent of the damage to the office.
On the other hand, the BSF said that the inability of MeECL to provide electricity to these float lights has led to the criminals at the border to take advantage of the darkness to cut down the lights. sneezes.
Speeches were also delivered by Paiem KM Syiemlieh, President, FKS, Bah HL Ryntathiang, General Secretary, FKS, Bah M Mawdkhap, Minister, Sohra Hima. and others.
“Bah Ryngkhlem said that the NGT should have thought carefully before taking this sudden decision, turning to the lakhs of citizens of Meghalaya who live in japoh is the coal.
On the other hand, the DMHO of West Garo Hills said that there is no need to declare a Containment Zone to cover even those who are close to those who are sick. declare it unemployed.
Referring to the bomb blast at Police Bazar, George said that the police department should be strengthened to ensure that these activities should not be allowed. In the past few months, there have been up to five bomb blasts which is unacceptable.
Shillong, July 07: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma demanding the removal of MS Rao from the post of Chief Secretary and Chief Secretary. Hector Marwein was appointed.
In the age of poverty, there is no time to go to the market, the word “Bunkam” comes out.
AIR, Guwahati also conducted its daily program “Azadi Ka Safar, Akashvani KeSaath” at 9.15 pm.
After the continuous attack by the Karbi on the Pnars of Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills District who went to cultivate rice and soh in the border areas and who forbade the Pnars to leave Khanduli to enter their residential areas by the Karbi Carbs.
Regarding the strike by the MCCL employees, the office said that the remaining salary of the employees has been unpaid for five months.
In relation to Block-11, the Assam government through the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has shown great power within these areas.
This shows that if the daily wage is 220 tyngka per day, for those who have worked for three years it will be 220+PF(55)+Increment (11)=286 per day.
Shillong, March 01: U MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem today inaugurated the Measles-Rubella vaccination campaign in Ri Bhoi District in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah.
In fact, it was wanted to be held earlier because it would have caused problems to the people, he said.
He urged the Village Authorities, churches and various political parties to work together in the fight against this disease.
These categories are 55 kilo, 60 kilo, 65 kilo, 70 kilo, 75 kilo, 80 kilo and 85 kilo.
Regarding the allocation of land to political parties, the HSPDP in Laitumkhrah has 3000 feet, the NCP has 3000 feet, the BJP has 3000 feet and the MPCC has 10000 feet. The NPP won 10,000 seats and the UDP won 10,000 seats in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Meghalaya Central Media Unit (PIB), DAVP, AIR and S&DD will conduct a Public Information Campaign (PIC) on Bharat Nirman, the Government of India. NHRM, SSA, Food Security and others will hold a rally at Tynring Square East Khasi Hill District on the 18th, 19th and 20th of November 2013 from 10:30 am to 10:30 pm. At 2:00 pm, there will also be a rally and the meeting will be conducted by government officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya government has set a target of 100% electricity supply to all villages in the state in the 11th Five Year Plan.
The BJP National Vice President in charge of Meghalaya Dr M Chuba Ao on Friday said the party has set a target of winning 400 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The North East Students Organization (NESO) today held a sit-in protest in all the cities of the state. protest against the BJP government's plan in Delhi to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill
“Women are the grace of God and they should always be the first to praise God,” he said.
These new leaders and office bearers were elected on 3rd July at the office in Nongpoh.
The cost of each diabetic patient is up to 10,000 tyngka per year.
The forum has learned that the Border Magistrate , Kong B.Blah , who was present on the occasion , should have stopped the construction immediately , but she has sent the Assamese to talk to the village of Khynduli, but those Assamese did not come.
On 6/3/2022 the examination for the post of Driver Constable will be of 150 marks and the writing time will be from 9.00 Am to 10.00 Am.
A. Goldenstar Nglong has resigned from the party.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) today held a short game at Police Bazar to raise awareness among the people on how drug abuse leads to crime.
Out of these 15, 13 have been approved today and two have yet to provide further explanation regarding the works to be implemented in the state, as the government has to Check that the state owners are not affected by the presence of these factories.
Tura, July 17: It is suspected that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has allegedly detonated a bomb at the Williamnagar Police Station on Tuesday night.
Although there is loss and sorrow because of you, but Rest in peace in the presence of God.
The demands of the MPWU are that they should not sign an illegal contract, they should get the same salary for the same work.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh and former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek said that they have resigned from the Cabinet today. They have sent a letter of resignation to the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Vivek Syiem IPS, Assistant Inspector General of Police, has been transferred and appointed as SP of Shillong City and Ringrang TG Momin MPS has been transferred from the day you received your work.
In this regard, the petition urged the Prime Minister to look into this issue by reviving the development work through the production of TV at Doordarshan Kendras throughout the North East. India.
Shillong, Jymmang03: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang IPS, while speaking at a public meeting at Dangar, said that foreign workers should register with the police. .
“Although I want to continue and serve the party, I understand that as long as there is a bias among the leaders under the leadership of the State President, it will make it difficult for the party workers to work from the party. for the development of the party,” he said.
The Meghalaya (Benami Transactions Prohibition) (Amendment) Act, 2016, which was passed by the Government, was intended to have rules to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. “This Act is still without any purpose,” said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, HNLC in a statement.
Nonglait admitted that the state produces more than 80,000 tonnes of beef for consumption.
The arrest of a Bangladeshi Khar comes two days after a Khasi woman from Donaskur village, East Jaintia Hills was killed by a Bangladeshi man in a forest area. KSU Nongtyngur Unit demands that the police should punish him severely. The incident has shocked the people living along the Bangladesh border. KSU Nongtyngur General Secretary Melajied Khongbuh said in a statement that a Bangladeshi national who has entered the country with the intention of committing crimes should not be released as has been done from time to time.
Therefore, this time we have to intensify our protest by calling for a 48 hour curfew to force the government to listen to our demand,” said the leaders of the 5 The leaders of these five parties and the people of East Jaintia Hills, urge the village leaders to , all the people of East Jaintia Hills and also all the people including the people from other states of North East India to join hands by fully supporting this curfew This time too, so that the protest will be successful until the government will have to repair this road which is the blood vessel and also the budlum of the people.
The District Judges and their subordinates have jurisdiction over these lands under the Bengal, Agra and Assam Civil Courts Act,
With the availability of 4 crore Ayushman Cards, Uttar Pradesh leads other countries in the availability of Ayushman Cards.
In the morning, many of the mothers came forward to speak out to end the protest which has been going on for two days and three nights.
The districts with the highest number of cases are East Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 55, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 7, South West Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills West Jaintia Hills 1 total cases are
: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to build a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
In his speech, the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, expressed his appreciation to the athletes and especially those who have won medals recently in the National and International Championships and said that the National Games will open. many opportunities for young people to rise to the challenges of the world.
India and UAE have similar and affordable start-up businesses and now we are starting to see the era of private entrepreneurship in Indian states and cities like Bangalore, Mumbai. , New Delhi which can deliver goods and services to UAE cities like Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
The loss of the MIDC is that at a time when its three subsidiaries such as Bamboo Chip, The Meghalaya Watches and Meghalaya Electronic Development Corporation have failed in their operations, they have lost their income. The government has sent their salaries to the MIDC with the promise that the government will return them.
Regarding the face, as mentioned earlier, it has been thoroughly examined through proper sources and judged according to the heritage of the descendants of Tirot Sing Syiem.
Opening the 10-day meeting of herbalists in Upper Shillong today organized by the Bio-Resources Development Center (BRDC) in collaboration with Santhigiri Ashram, Kerala and Basin Development. and Livelihood Promotion Program (IBDLP).
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, James K Sangma, said that the Chief Minister conducted the meeting in which the CEMs The Executive Members of JHADC and KHADC were present while the Executive Members of Garo Hills were present.
Answering questions, Assam Minister Chandra Mohan Patowary said that at present it is not possible to give the names of the villages involved in the cross-border dispute until he has visited those checkpoints. There is a cooperation to resolve this issue between the two states.
He said that they condemn the AVBP members who are the Youthwings of the BJP who went to attack the students of JNU. against the JNU management’s plan to hike the fees supposedly 200 times.
Shillong, March 08: Answering a question regarding the ITI at Sohra, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, said that the training center has been started with the allocation of funds from the state government. in the year 2010-2
At the end of the Science Festival, there will also be an award ceremony for those students who have scored the highest marks in the MBOSE Matriculation Examination in Science and Mathematics. scientific study for children.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the death of Bah (L) Bah Readington M. Marweiñ, owner and publisher of Mawphor and Highland newspapers. Post passed away on July 10,
The visit to this village is to understand the condition of the place because during the 1972 war when Bangladesh gained independence thousands of Bangladeshis lived in the refugee camps in this village. place.
They also reviewed the measures taken to monitor, prevent and treat those with COVID-19 by the health authorities in these states.
The almanac begins on June 15, 1912, the birthday of their beloved revolutionary leader, Kim Il Sung.
Ulrika Modéer signed a MoU in which UNDP will provide technical support to MDoNER to accelerate the achievement of the SDGs, job creation and skills development, support aspirational districts and block; provide support for new technologies in administrative activities and also promote good business practices.
The World Health Organization (WHO) tracks the indicators of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), including the number of people with access to safe drinking water (Indicator 6.1.1) and the number of people dying from drinking water. cleanliness, cleanliness and hygiene (Indicator 3.9.2).
She said that the Food Safety Office has decided to deploy staff of the Fisheries Department to test daily at Khlieh Iewduh the fish imported from outside the state and if found to be infected. Formalin for fish is not allowed to be sold in the market.
U Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, this is after receiving complaints from the residents especially from those who set up shops in the village regarding the lack of food and beverages from the Mahajons and many residents have had to buy them. food and beverages at affordable prices.
During the meeting, he also promised to take all necessary measures to fulfill the wishes of the people of the district, as the district is ready to get the office of District Forest Officer.
All the 60 leaders were also requested to speak on this threat to the country and the nation. Their protest is to fight against COVID-19 and the government should understand.
Shillong, July 24: U Bah PN Syiem MLA and MDC of Mawsynram today in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has raised the issue of Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Shnong Dorbars. They should have a close relationship with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Tobacco, udei wue of the root causes of the problems, and it is necessary to increase public awareness of the health risks.
Raju Maring, who is visually impaired, reads a poem written by Raju Maring, a friend who doesn't turn away.
Dr. Ricky was accompanied by party MLAs including Adelbert Nongrum, Brighstarwell Marbaniang, Heavingstone Kharpran and several leaders, while Prof. Lakhon Kma was accompanied by supporters and relatives. .
He said that the BJP is fortunate to have her as a candidate from the party as she has experience in the field of law and politics.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: Meghalaya Police today announced that Amon Manner, 10, has gone missing from Rilang since 24th June
Shillong, Naitung 01: U Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, today inspected the Nongpoh-Umden Sonapur road for the maintenance of this road. K Branch.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner informed the HYC members that the District Administration has not yet approved the proposal to hold the International Trade Fare. in Shillong.
The KSU hopes that through this celebration of World Earth Day it will be a good news to others especially in relation to the environment and the KSU urges the residents of the village to take care of the environment. trees that have been planted so that they can become sources of good benefits for future generations.
The National Party (NPP) has been given the status of a National Party in the country and when there are any elections, there are no more 40 candidates to contest the elections. there was no one to offer.
Dozens of people came to take part in the race to celebrate the Silver Jubilee of the National Commission for Women of India.
Police have also seized two mobile phones and registered a complaint under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station. trafficking in intoxicants.
Prestone said the celebration of National Milk Day is a tribute to Dr. Verghese Kurien who is known as the Father of the White Revolution. Milk Production in Rural India.
Referring to the distribution of foodgrains to the school children, the Chief Minister said that although there are no schools, they distribute the foodgrains and he has received the photographs of the foodgrains. day.
Ed Course in August and September this year. Please attend the awareness program to get detailed information on how to get the training of D.El.
On this occasion, the elders of this area were also present.
Shala farms can only start but the employees should be only 50%, including harvesters, manufacturers and sellers.
Shillong, November 26: The All India Football Federation (AIFFD) today welcomed the match between Indian Arrows and Shillong Lajong FC in the I-League at 2 pm today. It's 10 o'clock in the morning in Delhi.
Soon the union will write to all the authorities in charge of this road in this regard and also on other issues related to this road”.
According to the farmers, the stem and leaves of Soh Niamtra are after the soh trees have started to sprout and the tree contains insects which the farmers find it difficult to remove. and the stems and leaves of the trees of Niamtra were cut down.
The government departments that have to provide the documents are the Municipal Board, the Land Records Department, the Urban Development Department and the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Employment Regeneration Committee (ERC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSS) Shillong has organized an orientation program on skill development at Don Bosco Technical School. Shillong.
She added that these announcements on money laundering highlight this prohibited activity.
The purpose of this program is to prepare the students before they enter the job market and also to encourage them to develop their skills so that they can become successful. various state government schemes.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Donbok Wanniang and Section Syiemlieh, Secretary, Arjune Katrai as Chairman, Bah HM Shangpliang (MLA) gave a speech. .
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Laitkyrhong RCLP School for taking this important step to establish the school. relationship between parents and school authorities so that they can promote the quality of education.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Bah PS Syiem today raised a question in the KHADC Legislative Assembly on the allocation of the cow market of Mylliem Hima in Khana Para. H.Lyngdoh said that the permission given to the Hima Mylliem is only for the Hima to grant.
The employees of EMRI-108 on Tuesday appealed to the State Government until April, 2023 to increase their salaries and provide other benefits, such as leave, medical Insurance and Provident Fund (PF).
He also explained how drones can help farmers to solve their problems and also to deliver their produce to the market.
To the surprise of the police, four children, four boys and one girl, were found in one of the rooms. These children have been handed over to the District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) to take care of them and take necessary action.
Prof.Desmond L.Kharmawphlang in his speech as an expert explained the meaning of stories and said that all cultures originate and are built from stories.
In the House, which has 543 MPs, the NDA has 293 MPs and the INDIA has 237 MPs. The election to be held tomorrow to elect the Speaker will be important for the government. The BJP and especially the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
When the SP News Agency inquired about the government schools, the media said that there are many schools which will not have teachers because the school management and the teachers have not been able to provide teachers. This will put those villages in great trouble.
The new college in Dudhnoi can accommodate 100 students for the undergraduate course (BAMS).
Shillong, Nailur 29: A total of 101 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 37 in West Garo Hills, 4 in West Jaintia Hills and 2 in Ri Bhoi. , South West Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1 The total number of cases is
The petition said that the protests have affected the poor, the rich, the traders and other sectors have been affected by the curfew and road blockade.
The party through its President Samla Jersom Shylla has made it clear that it will cooperate with any political party that comes forward to demand the ILP and the party is ready to come forward for the cause of the people and the party. They demanded that the Central Government should exempt the entire state from the CAA as at present the CAA is still affecting the state as there are areas which do not fall under the schedule area.
The arrest of Khrawbor Rangdekhew was made after he raped seven people in Trongpleng village.
“The order has stipulated that the AA3105H18 Alloy, 8 Feet Length, 800MM Width, and whose thickness should be 0.45MM. it is only between 0.25MM to 0.28MM,” he said.
On this occasion, Ms. Joplin S Shylla was accompanied by the leaders of the District Mahila Congress Committee including East Jaintia Hills District, Ribhoi District Mahila Congress Committee. .
Surprisingly, even the school children took part in this protest.
KHNAM said that at present only the ILP can prevent the illegal entry of illegal immigrants. If the MP of Shillong wants to extend the railway line in the state, we request him to expedite the railway line in Delhi and bring it first. ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 23: The Union Minister in charge of road construction in the country, Union Minister Oscar Fernandes, has said that the construction of roads in the country has been closely monitored. Highways operated by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), including the prompt permission to resolve the issues of BSNL, so that they can complete the construction of the new fiber optic cable line. The construction of a new road on the Shillong-Guwahati highway has been completed.
Former General Secretary of HANM Mairang Circle Saiñborlang Basaiawmoit said that Bobby's claim that HANM has been dissolved in Mairang Circle is wrong. Only 2 or 3 members have left the party along with Bah Bobby while many other members are still within the party.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh explained about the Aatmanirbhar Bharat activities of the state.
The Vivanta Hotel is built on an area of ​​8,800 meters and has 101 rooms. The hotel has a restaurant, a tea shop, a bar and shops and a restaurant.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the people want the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to raise the no confidence motion in the Legislative Assembly. The Congress party will support it in November.
On the same day, the HNYF together with the HNYF have met with the ADC to seek clarification on the order issued by the DC on the 17th of April.
Chiarmon Dkhar, a resident of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills, is a very kind and pure person who is always ready to help the poor and needy and those who are suffering in any way. for.
The march started from the State Central Library and ended at Don Bosco Square in Laitumkhrah.
After decades of Raij Mawbuh, the Seng Khasi Kmie was taken over by the Seng Khasi Mawlai. Seng Khasi, Bah HO Mawrie is not a member of God.
“In Serial No. 7 of the Advertisement, applications are invited to fill for the posts of 35 Assistant Engineers in the Department of Community and Rural Development under the Meghalaya Rural Engineering Services (MRES).
They also discussed climate change, population growth and the importance of science in Indian culture.
“This decision was taken after the Vice Chancellor requested for three days to consider the demands of the JAC including the demand for the dismissal of Rohit Prasad. as Technical Adviser/Senior Consultant of this school.
In her address, the President said that in the short time since the inception of IIT Guwahati, the institution has brought glory to the country through its work for the country and also for the whole world.
T.1861 tyngka and a mobile phone were seized from him.
The Kur expresses its condolences to the wife and children of Bah Edwin who passed away at this young age.
This order will come into force immediately in these border areas including LumKhohskhen, LumMynsiang and Um Saitshyieng villages which still fall under Raij Tamu, Nongjngi District West Jaintia Hills District.
“Our wish for the company is to run its business well and the Government should be involved in the judgment.
Otherwise, the CEM and the AO should also remember and consider the summons on 10 August 2016, in which there were several people from the complainants' side and several dozen from the complainants' side or the Waheh Shnong.
Shillong, November 24: The worldwide celebration of the birthday of the Lord Jesus will be held in the evening. but through prayers to accept Christmas which is the birthday of the Lord Jesus our Saviour.
 Safeguard documents and valuables in waterproof containers.
Shillong, March 25: The Congress General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) in Meghalaya, Dr CP Joshi, on Tuesday said that the Congress will form a government in Meghalaya after the elections. year 2018.
The management of NEIGRIHMS has been trying to create Nursing posts for 10 years.
From the shooting death of 4 Khasi in Langpih, the shooting death of Bah Tyngshain Mukhim in Block II, the shooting death of 5 Khasi in Mukroh and the recent shooting in Khanduli and Lapangap.
Major General DK Singh, SM, will leave Shillong for Hasimara, Alipurduar and Kolkata tomorrow.
The group also said that although the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram has expressed its opposition to the ownership of land within the Hima since the past Syiems, the sad thing is that this time The Syiem has not taken into consideration and respected even the slightest request of the Dorbar Shnong and has remained silent until now without doing anything.
In addition to these two Committees, the Government has decided to set up another Committee to consider the implementation of the promises to enact a strong Act against foreigners and Mynder Ri. The Committee will be headed by Bah PBO Warjri, Chief Secretary.
The Chief Ministers congratulated the Prime Minister of the country for his leadership in the fight against this disease.
However, Bah Sanbor said, “I don't want to stop or force them to come but I just talk to them and ask them whether they have informed the village authorities. through the Rangbah Shnongs and Secretaries of the Shnongs before doing this” “And their answer is yes and I just advised them not to challenge that if it is anyway before doing this you should KHADC also works with the village authorities through the village leaders so it is better to inform the village before doing this,” said Bah Shullai.
With this in mind, the PMMY was launched with the aim of opening up opportunities for this underserved section of the society in terms of financial services so that they can engage with full credit facilities.
The draft Bill introduces a comprehensive framework for the regulation of broadcasting in the country and aims to replace the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, current and other rules and regulations governing broadcasting activities in the country.
It is a film that pays homage to tradition and legends, it is a film that shows the struggle and conflict between man and nature, through dance and emotion.
He said that the special places prepared in Civil Hospitals for those affected by Covid 19 will also be available, but they should be kept away from other patients and staff or caregivers should not fight together. .
On the other hand, the BSF said that these smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh are so brave that they do not respect the BSF. On the other hand, the BSF in a search to arrest the cows, these smugglers managed to escape into the forests in the area.
The distribution of benefits in any sector under PM KISAN has now exceeded 10 crore farmers from 3.16 crore in the first phase – a threefold increase in three years.
Sanbor said that during the meeting they urged the Governor to talk to Delhi to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the ITBP has been working to maintain the fires in the area.
On the occasion, the Sordar of Sohpian, Bah Kmenlang Rani, was the chief guest and in his speech at the meeting under the chairmanship of Bah Bat Kharnaior, President of the club, he praised the club for its efforts. The tournament was held for the benefit of the youth of the area and urged the athletes to use their talents by avoiding any kind of activities that can destroy their physical fitness as athletes.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The KSU Nongspung Circle under the jurisdiction of the KSU Western Central Division Mawphlang C&RD Block has donated food items to four villages including the village. Wahsohlait, Sohpian, Lempluh and Mawkynroh.
The whole village has been hunted until now and no one has been found. The sen has deposited thousands of rupees with the police khapmara Banda. Police have launched a search operation but have not yet found the suspect.
Otherwise, how can we fall into the trap of foreigners? We as an organization working for the people, we want each and every one of you to come forward and give your right hand on this. The party urges us to forget our differences but to stand united in the voice of you the people of Bri Hynniewtrep. We will come out as a people to fight with you to preserve our heritage.
On the other hand, the KSU has made it clear that as the citizens of Bri u Hynniewtrep, we don't want any more suffering and affection of our fellow citizens in the areas where there are military units.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister also sought the support of the Planning Commission in the implementation of water supply schemes through foreign funding.
The AITC has announced that there are 10 issues that the party will propose to the people of Meghalaya and the party will implement them if they come in time.
“Gopal Dey should not be accused of corruption and the party has said that the police should prosecute and punish him under the law,” said the party. The statement was sent by the President of the Republic of the Congo.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has announced that it has completed the preparation of the Meghalaya Street Vendors Draft Scheme
The meeting was attended by representatives from all nine districts of Bangladesh bordering Meghalaya, Jamalpur, Sherpur, Netrakona, Mymynsing, Shylet, Sunamganj, Kurigram and the Land Department. from Bangladesh.
The march was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly in the presence of the Commissioner Secretary, Culture and Heritage Department and officials of the State Legislative Assembly. central government.
However, as the managers of this house, we have an unfinished task to complete, namely to build a house for boys (BOYⓠHOME) which NEIMA has set to complete in these years. Last year, said Lompas Tang, one of the managers of the orphanage.
There are 5 recoveries from East Jaintia Hills, 3 from East Jaintia Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills. there are 92174 people.
The Union takes responsibility for initiating, encouraging and encouraging the right path to achieve the goal for the sake of promoting, promoting and promoting its traditional snaps from the past.
All these areas fall under the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam in the second phase. The KHADC has been accepted to be part of the Regional Committee of the State Government. along with other rules laid down by the Government.
“We understand the problem as well as others.
In his speech, one of the church leaders, Bah RG Dkhar, explained how the church was established in this village and this honor goes to the master who led the way.
The incident was also witnessed by a shopkeeper, Kong Ridahun Dkhar.
Merut Police have taken action on the complaint and released the girl from East Khasi Hills District. The suspect was arrested and a case was registered against him on two counts.
To ensure the smooth transportation of goods for power plants, transportation and critical infrastructure through the Indian Railways, an emergency freight control center is operating within the department. Station.
Before the installation of the signboards, a meeting was held which was conducted by Samla Orilan Shylla, Assistant General Secretary. .
The KSU expresses its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of this young man who has served and dedicated his body and soul for the cause of the Jaidbynriew since he joined the KSU until his last days.
those who implement the Distribution system.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today lodged a complaint with the Directorate of Mineral Resources (HITO) regarding the arrest of its members. Coal traders have been used to smuggle coal from Meghalaya.
In his speech, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude for having this opportunity to provide what the students of today need in this era. He said that as it is now, we are still lagging behind because we don't know what is happening around the world.
The people who flocked to Dr Donkupar's house at the Government House saw not only government officials but also supporters and the people to express their sorrow over the loss of the leader that the nation needs.
The India Awakening Movement (India Awakening Movement) is against the forced opening of shops at that time and to eat food at that time, said Bah Marbaniang. earn in the morning and eat in the evening.
On this day, hundreds of people flocked to taste the wines made from soh and it was only at this venue that they could buy from the vendors who came to take part.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew Constituency congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Pyllun Wahmawlein for their cooperation until the achievement of the goal. Wahmawlein Village is one of the villages that has brought glory to the Constituency as a whole as it has received the award for the cleanest village. which has been received from the District and State authorities as well.
It is expected that this will be a hub for people to see the heritage of Meghalaya.
Aristotle C. Rymbai, President of MSSASA Central Body, in a statement sent to the media, said that this decision was taken at the CEC of MSSASA held on the 12th of this month.
Shillong, November 22: The Minister in charge of Tourism and Tourism, Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today inaugurated the 19th Shillong Wine Festival 2023 held at the State Central Library. Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah L. Syiem, President of HANM East Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, Bah Rocky also handed over a letter to Lumshyiap Village worth T.10 lakh for the construction of a football ground in the village. There are 3,000 Aganwadis in the village.
The Publicity Secretary of the HNLC said, “We are ready to surrender if the Government can include the issue of the supreme authority in the peace talks. It is necessary to escape from discrimination whether in the field of education, society or the rule of law.
The ritual is to thank the creator of the city, to pray for good income and to feed those who have passed away. This dance is after the ritual. and what they do today is a joyful dance.
After the meeting, the party also laid a wreath at the statue of Khlawaitka Ri Khasi, which is located at the State Central Library, Shillong. secretaryto your organization.
The race will be held in different categories and as a sign of encouragement to those over 60 years of age who complete the 21k race, those over 50 years of age will be awarded cash prizes. the 21k race.
The IUPS held a meeting in Brazil in 2017 where nine recommendations were made on how to reform Physiological Sciences and there was a need to educate people about the goal.
Students who cannot attend must be young, must have passed class 12 from any stream, must have 50% above the average percentage, must have a height at least 152.5 cm tall, and must have been born between 08th June 1997 and 28th June
Another part is that his wife has a relationship in Meghalaya and he knows that there are District Councils who have the powers so he wants to understand their powers and what they do. they do and this was discussed in a meeting with the chief minister and that comes down to negotiations.
The Muktiar of the Government, Bah ZE Nongkynrih, received the notice on behalf of all the complainants.
These Amrit Kalash Yatris will stay at two camps - Dhanchiri Camp in Gurgaon and Radha Soami Satsang Beas Camp in Delhi.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the major changes that the Government has taken in the working of the Education Department.
He said that under the instructions of the Prime Minister, special attention has been paid to improving the availability of transportation through new airports, the launch of various aircraft, the improvement of roads. railways in the region, new roads and shipping lanes.
In accordance with the Prime Minister's directives, the Government of India continues to engage with pharmaceutical manufacturers, including sending Ministers to the offices of these pharmaceutical manufacturers to understand their needs. and providing these resources such as grants, advance funding, openings of more pharmaceutical plants in order to produce more drugs.
In the SSLC results, the best performing school was Sherwood School Tura, where the students of Tura, 1st to 4th grade and 7th and 18th grade were also obtained by the students of Tura. Among the 20 students who passed the SSLC Examination
Shillong, July 22: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng in East Kahsi Hills District has come forward to protest against the support of MLA Havingstone Kharpran to set up a check post inside the highway. National Highway is under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong.
After the arrest of the suspect, the HFU members lodged a complaint with the OC of Mylliem Police Station, but the OC of Mylliem Police Station said that he cannot take the suspect. The complaint is no longer under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem because this person was arrested from the parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawpat Unit today visited and provided condolences to four families who have been affected by the natural disaster. in which the storm swept away their houses.
In this year 2017, the four kurs who took part in the pom blang ceremony were Bah Chestar from Kharhongor Kur and Bah Shanborlang from Sohtun Kur. , Moneywell of Kurkalang, Charles of Marbaniang, Shaphrang of Nongkhlaw Rngi.
They said that if they do not pay the Rs 2 crore, they will take action. The police have set up a special team under the leadership of Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent. of Police, Shillong to investigate the case.
Openness to private sector participation in defence, participation of individuals and private groups in space, openness to 'work from hand to hand' in Telecom-IT, Government is working in many parts.
The BSF also distributed medicines to those who came to collect medicines. On this day, besides Bulaghat, the residents of Kalaichar and Lukaichar also distributed medicines. Shillong, Nailar 26: Heavy rainfall today caused another landslide in Sunapur and this has caused traffic jam for many hours but until At the time of writing this news, the traffic jam has been released.
Similarly, those who are present at the ceremony, who are in uniform, will not be required to salute at this time.
When inquired, the Chief Engineer of PHE, Bah SK Blah, said that he is investigating the allegation.
Regarding this proposal, the HNLC has asked the central and state governments whether they will take action on this proposal.
Nongsiang said the strike will continue until the fifth day as scheduled and they will fulfill what they have already announced if the government does not accept their demand.
Your harvest of sweet fruit this time is a joy not only for you personally but for your family, community, country and nation as a whole," said the statement. The Chairman of the Education Cell of the KSU is proud to see that the youth of the KSU are progressing in their studies, because knowledge and understanding is a great weapon. to protect, preserve and develop the country and nation in all aspects.
Samla Wallam K Nongsiej, Vice President of KSU Delhi at the campaign meeting held by KSU Jaiaw Circle at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall, said that the government has strongly criticized the policies of the state government. The old and present state governments are trying to expel young job seekers from this state.
The vehicle did not stop and fled the scene.
We also urge the political parties not to mislead the people of Sohra area on this issue just for election gain.
The meeting was held at the high school office today.
On Friday, a group of residents met with the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem who is in charge of the Elaka Administration Department. the Sordar's failure to comply with the order of the Council.
Also present on the occasion were the President and Secretary of the Seng Longkmie Mawiongrim and its members.
The president of UHM said that before they left, they informed the Nartiang police station and when the members of the UHM arrived at Saba Mukroh village under the leadership of the Joint Secretary, they met with the police in charge of the incident. The OC was informed, but when the OC arrived, a mob from Assam came and bombed the members of the party.
Speaking to reporters, Barilang said that this demand is not against the Garo friends but the time has come to look into this issue in the field of employment and even in education. books that belong to the state.
Shillong, March 30: A bus (AS 05 C 2034) carrying BSF troops to Silchar Assam has collided with another vehicle at Umtyra village in East Jaintia Hills District today. Several soldiers were injured and one civilian was killed.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported 11 deaths from COVID-19 today, 8 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Khasi Hills. The death toll has risen to 1096 so far.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the milk industry is one of the fastest growing industries and the demand for milk is in many areas and this will lead to supply. does not provide employment to the people in the state.
During the meeting, there were also retired Deficit School teachers who came from Garo Hills to convey their demand to the Prime Minister.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said she came to this opposition to the CAB as a private individual and urged the youth to be strong in any situation.
In this regard, the High Court on 26th November under the Divisional Commissioner Revenue Sylhet has issued an order declaring the decision to evict the villagers illegal.
Only six of the 20 most polluted cities in India are currently covered by the NCAP. Byrnihat, which is covered by the NCAP, has the highest PM10 concentration of 301 micrograms per cubic metre, while Silchar in Assam has the lowest PM10 level of 29 micrograms per cubic meter in
Nityanand Rai said the Assam Rifles has worked hard to ensure equality between men and women and also the empowerment of women which has resulted in the recruitment of 1,187 women in the unit.
Ma Rymbai said they have to read and prepare the bill thoroughly to ensure that there will be no conflict with the existing laws.
The MLA said he demanded the Civil Sub Division on the basis of the size of the Mawlai area, which is the second largest population, as according to the 2011 census, there are more than 64,000 people. and by 2018, the total population of the village has reached more than 80,0
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today said that he has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma regarding the incident in Iongkhubli village. at the border.
The new rebel group includes members of the A'chik National Volunteers Council (ANVC-B). , A'chik National Liberation Army (ANLA) and United A'chik Liberation Army (UALA).
“With the support of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, this is the second largest drug seizure in three days,” he said.
Shillong, June 18: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) to submit a report within 15 days on the reports of evictions. mother in the village of Lumlakhait.
All the youths who have passed class V above and those who have reached the age of 18 years and above, parents are invited to attend this training.
On the other hand, the police expressed their satisfaction that the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs have come to take part in this meeting to fight against crime in the area. Shillong, the city of Shillong.
The vehicle (AS-01-4370) was coming from Assam to Sohra for a tourist trip. When it reached the state, it overturned and many of the passengers were killed. all injured.
At this meeting, the BSF also discussed the illegal entry of Bangladeshis into India, the 150 sero point checkpoint on the border with Bangladesh and many other issues. crimes occurring at the border.
The State Government on Thursday extended the term of the KHADC and JHADC on the grounds that these two Councils have requested to extend the term of the Delimitation Committees.
The sculpture is open until January 11, 2023 when people can visit it.
Jeralina Lyngdoh, who works as a cleaner, found the fire at 7.30 pm.
Over time, the price of commodities has increased and now it has been decided to increase the price of this work for the year 2019 and in this increase the price of this work has been decided to increase to T .507.71 crore and this will be completed in
Shillong, March 15: The Chief Engineer of the PWD, Bah F Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the collapse of the Public School in Jowai is due to the negligence of the authorities. The Chief Engineer of PWD said that the cause of the collapse of the well is due to the filling of soil of the school which has been too much. of 2.00 M elevation in November this year.
He said that in the meeting with the Village Leaders (Synjuk ki Rangbah Shnong) they expressed their dissatisfaction and do not accept this, in which they said that they will not issue NOC for this purpose of the government.
Tura, July 18 : The Meghalaya Games Under-18 Women's and Men's Football Tournament will be held tomorrow 19th July 2024 at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura.
This was followed by a training by the AHS Department where the teachers explained how to tie bandages, how to give Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) and also how to help those who have burned, counted or injured. or those who are eaten by animals or insects.
He said that although the Directorate of Housing, which is the buyer, has placed an order to purchase 0.45mm tins, the company has delivered only 0.25mm tins.
ED Nongsiang said that the demand for old age pension has been going on for about 50 years but the state government has not taken any step to release the pension.
This research will emphasize the importance of monitoring these diseases and the resources available for public health and economic benefits.
Permission has been given for more than 70,000 houses for the poor and 3 lakh households have been provided with clean water.
This is a victory for the government department.
We are all stakeholders in this goal.
The AIM will continue to stand firm to demand the freedom of rights and truth as the people should live and also to understand clearly as those Government Leaders the protection that does not exist without violating the Constitution. of India.
Meanwhile, six others who were trying to climb the fence were arrested.
The Seng sends a statement to all the people of Hynniewtrep that we should not listen to this issue because tomorrow the companies and projects of the government will do the same as Star Cement through the authority of the State Government to own or destroy the environment for personal benefit.
: Garbage collectors in Lumshyiap, Shillong have been shocked to find a newborn baby in one of the plastic bags broken in a garbage truck on Friday morning. .
If this happens, it will be of great help to the people of the area as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, Singh said that NEEPO has two power plants known as the Panyor Lower Hydro Power Station in Arunachal Pradesh and the Tuirial Hydro Power Station in Arunachal Pradesh. in Mizoram, the Agartala Gas Based Power Station in Arunachal Pradesh, the Agartala Gas Based Power Station in Tripura and the Assam Gas Based Power Station in Assam.
Many of the residents who received copies of the RTI have criticized the CEM of JHADC. The scheme should have been distributed to all the residents of 29 constituencies, but it has been distributed only to the residents of JHADC. in Khliehtyrshi, Sohmynting, Demthring and in several villages under the constituency of Modanbai Rymbai.
He remembered the celebration through digital means during the pandemic that showed the importance of yoga getting the body and minds strong.
As India enters AmritKaal, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has renamed the Rajpath as it.
What if these drivers go to Bangladesh where we don't know how many people in Bangladesh have been infected with COVID
The Gram Swaraj Abhiyan was not implemented by the government alone.
The party has also decided to direct the special organizing committee to take responsibility to meet and talk to the lawyers regarding the ban of the National Green Tribunal on the mining of shyiap. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ardent.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister's Secretary urged the youth to make good use of this training which is one of the ways of competition and to take what they have been taught in order to improve in their careers. the day that comes.
However, the office has received information that many of the vendors in the area do not follow the rules and regulations, they do not wear masks. Those who disobey will not only be fined but will also be punished according to the law.
Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, urged the Villages to prepare a Map of the Village, a summary of each Village. Send information to the BDO and his office so that they can meet separately with these villages which have village forests.
The competition was organized by the Shillong City Entertainment Network Enterprise in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture. which was held today in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Cabinet meeting will be held in the Districts of Shillong today with the aim of bringing the work of the government closer to the people. state.
The Union urges the youth of the country to be strong and refrain from bloodshed as it does not lead anywhere and only causes problems to the poor and needy.
Jowai, March 25: The JHADC under the leadership of Ma Madonbai Rymbai, CEM, has praised the JHADC for its preparation and intention to introduce the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. age) Bill-2018 in this Session of the JHADC for the benefit of the people.
“The party has raised many questions and the Minister and the Officer present said that it is necessary that the Prime Minister, the Chief Secretary and other departments should be present. let's talk about this.
On the Lineage Bill, which has been introduced within the KHADC, he said they have asked the government to improve it.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to God the Creator who has been with him in his life and also to the management of Skul Good. Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha through the participation in the service of others.
In the report, the officers of the Health Department found that the scheme, which provides protection to the people especially the poor and needy in Meghalaya, has been encouraging due to the failure of the scheme to improve. In the first year of the scheme in 2013, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has provided insurance to 1,60,000 households. 199815 households out of 4,86,695 households have been registered, which shows that 46% of the registered households in the state.
The President of Nongkrem Sports Club, Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, in his speech, said that this tournament was held as part of the commemoration of the two elders of the area and at the same time to select the youth who Nongkrem Sports Club will be the leader of the Polo Championship in
“When I looked at the documents, I didn't have the NOC issued by the DC's office,” said Disparsing.
Shillong, March 12: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today decided to support Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate from the 24-Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency in the mid-term MLA elections. on the 30th of this month.
For East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills, the polling station will be held at Mawpat, for East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills, at Khliehriat and for Garo Hills, at Tura.
He said that the state government in charge of this issue should take action because if it is said that the lack of fuel is due to theft in the market, this is not the responsibility of the people. Those who are small can do this and only those who have the power can do such a thing.
Kimfa S Marbaniang said that the Assam Police have come back to the area today but they have left and there is no incident anymore. The MLA of the area said yes, but they left.
The HNLC insists that the central government has violated the standstill agreement which should have lasted for two years.
Besides, the recent incidents on the border of Ri Bhoi and Assam have raised questions as to what encourages the Assam government and its groups to dare to attack without any discrimination. the Khasi people and the Government of Meghalaya as well.
The incident has caused injuries to the people as reported by the media. The incident has disrupted the peace and order in Lapangap area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District.
In his speech, Deputy Commissioner Abhishekh Chandra said that such a celebration will allow the youth of the area to showcase their talents.
To assist the States in financial shortage, the Central Government has allowed the State Governments to increase their revenue from 3% of the State's GDP to 4.1% of the State's GDP. The state government has received T.378 crore.
Other speakers on the occasion were KSU Jaintia Hills District President Ohibait Dkhar, FKJGP General Secretary Dr Bilian C Lamare, HNYF General Secretary Sadon Blah and FKJGP General Secretary D Khongsit. The meeting started with a prayer by the Wahthapbroo Dorbar Shnong.
The event was also attended by KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar as the chief guest and Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, wife of Fr. Sngi Lyngdoh is also a professor at Martin Luther Christian University.
At the Primary level, schools with less than 10 students have 168 schools, at the Primary level, there are 101 schools.
In the men's Indian Round (Team Event), South West Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating East Khasi Hills District.
He said that these names are still in the office of the Chief Minister.
“According to reports, these foreigners have gone to ask permission from the Forest Department to allow them to settle in this area of ​​the Forest Department.
The Chief Minister said that if it is remembered that political struggle and crime have affected the development of the state and this is the reason for the backwardness of the state as a whole, the government once again “We will take strict action against anyone who tries to cause harm by causing loss to the people and the state as a whole,” said a statement from the Chief Minister. send today.
" (I will not give my approval to this Bill).
He said that the Council will introduce skill development in providing training centers to the youth in the State and also to provide training to them in many fields so that they can become successful. to stand on their own feet and also so that our youth will be the leaders of other youth.
Angarag Mahantai, better known as Papon, is expected to open the tournament.
Shillong, March 6: U Symbut Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided that from 16th March 2020, those who enter Meghalaya will have to pay The Antigen test fee at the gates will be T.500/-.
Referring to the speech of the CEM of JHADC, Bah Shylla said he welcomes his suggestion and the KHADC will write to meet him either in Shillong or Jowai.
The first MLA election from the two constituencies was Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh from Pariong and Nongstoin constituencies. to one.
During the meeting, a written statement on these important issues was also presented and Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP, promised to take action to monitor all these issues.
The call for applications is for training in sports for six months and will be held in Patiala where participants from all over India will come from June to 25th July this year.
He said that all the teachers who have been dismissed are 1200, but among them some have passed the MTET and have been appointed but the remaining 850 teachers are over the age of unemployment at the time of appointment. They have just applied for a degree with 45% marks and to pass the Diploma of Elementary Education.
New Delhi, July 14: The Union Cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has decided to reduce the interest rate on agricultural land for -2018 at an interest rate of Rs 4 per annum.
Police have conducted searches in the area to track down the militants and have tightened security in the area as well as in other parts of Garo Hills.
The suspension of the schemes of the MDCs from those constituencies who won the mid-term elections is not only for Nongkrem but for all seven constituencies. It is wrong to say that the Rangbah Shnongs at that time had sent many schemes.
In terms of promoting Meghalaya's products, manufacturing and inheritance, the State Government, in collaboration with Invest India, is trying to establish a market for manufacturers, the Unity or A Mall.
The COVID-19 vaccination program was launched by the Prime Minister on 16th July,
In his speech, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the government has been confused by these people who want ILP whether outside or even inside the House.
The installation of these police gates from Meghalaya and Assam at Khanduli has been going on for many years now and this is still going on in the same way. Assam and if you come from Assam, you can contact the Meghalaya Police.
Tura, Jymmang 23: All schools and colleges in Garo Hills today closed their doors as a sign of condolences to the law enforcement agencies over the death of Balsan S Marak.
Jowai, Nailar 23: Two youths who were arrested on 19th-Aug-2013 as motorcycle thieves named u Kitbok Kassar and Bhah Salan Rupon have shocked the people of Jowai by shocking the thoughts of their family members.
Through the opening of this chair at your institution, the North East Region stands firm to take the lead in research and development of multi-sectoral logistics, workforce development and efficiency.
Bless Dkhar President HNYF East Khasi Hill said that this is inappropriate and this is not allowed to run the parking lot. claim.
On the other hand, the Sister alleged that the doctor had stolen the records of the hospital and writings which were against the management of the hospital.
Other groups should respect us in our country and not us to justify ourselves in front of others.
The candidates announced today are Damewanhi L Rymbai from 6th Khliehriat, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon from Umsning 11th, Heavingstone Kharpran from Mawryngkeng 13th and Brightstarwell Marbaniang from 15th Mawlai.
The group in the past few days has distributed food items to the poor in different parts of Shillong and surrounding villages.
Special honor was also paid to Bah Bindo M Lanong, the oldest MDC in KHADC who is still an MDC.
When asked about her preparation for the MP election, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that her preparation is her life and she still needs to prepare better.
Shillong, June 05: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) Mawprem on Tuesday confirmed and swore in the office bearers of the KSU Mawprem. Circle at the Community Hall of Lumkshaid Village Council.
Regarding the incident, he said that it is not due to the machines but due to human error.
It is expected that these results will be seen before or on the Independence Day of India.
She said the Assam Government is supporting IIT Guwahati to set up a new hospital which is capable of providing better treatment for various diseases.
To intimidate the people, these callers have also threatened to arrest and register through an App to lodge a complaint and by sending it, they will demand money by threatening those who have received it. phone.
It is learned that at this meeting today, they discussed how to strengthen the party and the work that the party will do in the future to strengthen the party. the party has been established.
If the government does not show its actions after this call for a night curfew, we will announce more strong protests.
He was elected as Chairman at the party meeting held in Kohima and his term of office will be from 2012 to
Christmas and New Year's Eve celebrations should be held in accordance with the rules announced to prevent the spread of COVID-19 which was issued on 13/8/2 god in houses of worship and only 75% of the attendees were allowed.
The Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) is a major effort of the Central Government to bring about change in the delivery of benefits to the people which was launched by the Central Government on 01 July and in Meghalaya it has been implemented this year.
The Minister said that 11,000 persons with disabilities have received a divyang pension of T.500 per month in the state.
Government officers also briefed on the implementation of the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act 2011 which has helped the public to access information through mobile and Internet devices on the needs of the people, and on various matters. various provisions of the State Government of Karnataka and this Act contains provisions to punish those who violate the provisions of the Act.
Shillong, July 21: As usual every year, Meghalaya celebrates its Independence Day today at Soso Tham. Auditorium.
The Seng expresses its regret over the sleepless nights of our Nongmihkhat in War Jaintia because even until now they have not had any opportunity to provide assistance to the people of the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Lieutenant General Depinder Singh Ahuja, AVSM, today met with the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, R Chandranathan, IPS at his office.
The Seng has decided to give 15 days to all contractors and coal traders to issue Work Permits to foreign workers especially in Nongjri, Borsora, Rajaju, Nongkulang and all coal mining areas in the South. West Khasi Hills District.
The Minister of Home Affairs informed the House that the government has now given permission to hold a competition for those police posts for which the government has already invited applications which could not be held earlier due to the COVID.It is learned that all the jobs that have been announced earlier are 1015 in various departments. The police department will conduct this recruitment soon in the near future.
“Mr Rangbah Duh said that through this relationship with the people, he should assure them that there are schemes of the Central Government which everyone can access without any discrimination.
The teams that reached the final were Warbah Sports Social Organization (WSSCO) against Kings XI, which WSSCO won 1-0
Jowai, Nailar 24: The War Jaintia Youth Council today held a Career Guidance session at Enowell Hall, Amlarem as part of the efforts to enlighten the youth to value their bright future.
According to him, the house should be completed within two and a half years.
Regarding the smuggling of sohsaw to Bangladesh, the traders did not say whether it was exported or not, but the truth is that it smuggled better from Dawki and through the border. Hat you don't have Danggnar.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marbud Dkhar said that it is impossible to confirm from the Food and Drug Administration that the rice has come through the ICDS. The state government but unfortunately, they have come with bad rice.
Also, those from Dimahasao District and Barak Valley, Mizoram, Vairangte, Delhi, Uttarakhand and Karnataka from Bangalore and Mangalore are also invited to participate without fail so that the GEC will be fair. bad winner.
Under this scheme, requests for assistance have come from IOCL (Panipat Plant), BPCL (Bargarh), HPCL (Bhatinda), MRPL (Davangere) and NRL (Numaligarh) besides IOC R&D for the Demonstration. plant in Panipat.
Shillong, July 03: U Bah Rocky Hek, the NPP candidate for the MA 2023 election, today launched an ambulance to Lunshyiap.
The Minister said that after a clear consultation and reports received from the three Regional Committees, the soskular between Meghalaya and Assam was signed.
On 26th June, 2001, the mother of the child lodged a complaint with the Officer In-Charge of Jowai. Police have arrested Dri Phawa, a resident of Myrjai, for allegedly raping her daughter on 23rd June,
The office has invited the members of various VECs to give public explanation and also acknowledged that the improvement of water supply is necessary and important to do in these days.
At present, the Congress is not clear who will contest against Zenith Sangma or Daryl William, although Dr Mukul and Lapang have said that it is Daryl.
Jeffrey Lyting scored 29 runs off 40 balls while Manish Sangma took three wickets.
The final of North East Idol 2016 will be held in Dimapur on 10th December 2016. Please vote for these youngsters by calling them. Closed November 25,
Hek said it is not appropriate for schools to withhold the results of students just because they have not received the injection.
Finally, the party would like to make it clear that it will not take part in the discussion unless the Assembly Secretariat can implement this demand,” said the VPP. On Thursday, she submitted a petition to the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal regarding the pending recruitment for the post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) and the non-performance of MeECL.
Conrad said that during the visit, they saw the place where the Syiem used to sit to judge the people. place must be maintained.
He said that the implementation of this scheme has passed in the first phase, second phase and third phase which is still pending. The government has not yet released any money.
Shillong, March 18: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has demanded that the Zero Line be built from Mawthum. '.
The body of the woman was found near the house where she went where her head was broken and she was lying with a blood stain. Those who were at the scene informed the police.
: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday sought clarification from the State Government regarding the preparation to hand over the mined coal to Coal India Limited (CIL) for auction. The Mining and Geology Department has completed the equipment and the auction will be held in different districts.
The appointment of the interim DGP has ended the attempt to extend the term of office of the former DGP.
Before the group left for the village, they were informed in advance that they would have to walk and were ordered to carry sticks, wear juti to avoid syntuid, carry shatri and other requirements.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Four persons have been killed and three others injured in a landslide in Nongpriang village under Sohra Civil Sub Division. house and another house, the collapse was due to heavy rain.
According to information received from government officials, the value of the scheme of the Government of India should be written on the stones but these officers were surprised to learn that Only the name of the job, the year and the year have been written because this will put pressure on the officers and the employers if there is an investigation.
In the meeting, the principal promised to send these requirements to the government especially to the Minister of Education Prof RC Laloo to look into the matter. needs of students so that it will be for the benefit of students and the nation.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the office has been moved to Shangpung because there is an office of the SDO PWD there, and the office of the PWD North Division Jowai will be rebuilt there. the Mini Secretariat where all government departments are located.
Similarly, in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, if there are no Garo applicants for posts other than in Khasi and Jaintia districts, 90% should be allocated to Khasi-Jaintia.
The ACHR has demanded that the Bangladesh government should provide protection to the citizens of the country.
She said that the vehicle carrying the students had to pass through another longer road as the shorter road was damaged by the flood.
From Mewan to Kshaid is about 15 km long. The cleaning of the road which has been carried out for many months is still only in one part of the road.
This is a violation of human rights by the government to the people living in this area, and the KSU alleges without any doubt that there is something behind this violation of human rights. Warsan Lyngdoh District was formerly a resident of West Khasi Hills District.
“I request all the riders without permits to register with us and to follow the right path so that it will be the path of the law so that they can be safe in the future,” said the Managing Director of JETS ×7.
Leaders of the FKJGP, KSU, HNYF and others will be present on the occasion.
Shillong, Nailar 29: To mark the National Sports Day 2016, the BSF today held a friendly football match between the BSF and the Rising Football Club Mawlai.
The meeting will also be attended by central government officials and businessmen who wish to set up businesses in the area. shateilam mih we shall be together in these days.
She said that this action of the police will affect those who are still in need.
In his speech, Chauhan said that the Mann Ki Baat has strengthened the bond between the Prime Minister and the people of the country, as well as encouraged them to become agents of change in development. you are your country.
The public is urged to report any suspicious activity to the police at any nearby police station.
On this occasion, the students participated in a song, dance and a short skit to explain to the participants about TB how to treat and send for treatment to regain the body. healthy healthy crate.
“The people of India have volunteered for the Amrit Mahotsav,” he said.
Perhaps, for the first time in India it happened that our Finance Minister had to allocate 4-5 small budgets in various donations in
The Seng, when arrested, takes the step of handing over or informing the law enforcement authorities for investigation as appropriate.
The new office bearers of the Union of Village Authorities of East Jaintia Hills District are; President, Shri.Hambertus Nongtdu; Vice President, Mr. Marius Siangshai; General secretary, Shri.Jespar Bareh; Asstt.
MCA U-23 Men's shortlisted players for 2024-25:Bipin Kumar Ray, Kush Agarwal, Indranil Chakravarty, Rohit Kumar Yadav, Agreas Cham Cham Sangma, Ronnie G Sangma, Gulgul Sangma, Gilseng Momin, PM Santhosh, Kevin Sanjeepher, Aman Kur Christo , Navin Kumar Ray, Rurav Agarwal, Chandra B Thapa, Raghav Magotra, Jangrik Marak, Gavineal Marpna, Josiah Momin, Banialam Mylliemngap, Joydeepan Deb, Abhishek Kumar, Bharat Gurung, Swastic Chettri, Shavian Blah, Manish Ku Sharak, Sachin , Avinash Rai.
In a complaint lodged with the police, Bah Lambor wrote that the crops on his farm have been damaged due to the smuggling of cattle by the illegal cattle traders from his farm.
To celebrate this day, the group has honored four people who have done well in their respective fields, Camelia Nongtraw for her work for the betterment of people, Naphisamanbha Mawroh told me that she was unable to cook.
The Congress leader said that the party will also talk to other parties to oppose the Bill, as it will create differences among Indians. On the religious side, Jairam Rames was accused.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: A government vehicle (Gypsy) (ML01-5716) has collided with another vehicle while parked on the side of the road in Nongmynsong.
The ceremony started on the 16th and ended today at Lum Shyllong, where the cow and goat were cut and slaughtered by Minister Chestar Kharkongkor. Minister Synteng Nongdkhar was present in the presence of other Ministers of the Hima Mylliem.
They will start asking for EPIC to vote, they will settle in our state and they will lead others to settle in this state.
In 2013, there were allegations that if the BJP government comes at a time when Christians, Muslims and other minorities will be discriminated against, this is the misleading of the opposition just to deceive them. public.
Record setting new mobile tower installation in India today and 5G will soon reach the homes of the country.
When the police searched the vehicle, they found that the vehicle was driven by Bah Kitborlang Ryntathiang, 27, of Lumparing, Kynjatphutbol.
Therefore, if others see them as youths, the association will take action to bring about a clean environment in MAWLAI and the state as a whole.
The residents are no longer satisfied with the railway station.
As it is known that the road is the source of income and economic development but only due to the negligence and neglect and abandonment of the children of the government for more than 48 years since the independence of Meghalaya. There is a huge backwardness and loss of livelihood in this area.
The sad thing is that even the doctors' residence is flooded.
MEPA also states that the media stands to serve the people of Salonsar and is the voice of the people in a democratic country.
In East Khasi Hills District, the National Nutrition Week was also celebrated with various programs organized by World Vision India, East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Health Department and ICDS Mawkynrew Block, Holy Cross Higher Secondary School. School Mawkynrew The National Nutrition Week was closed at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Mawkynrew with the participation of many Longkmie, youth from different villages. Mawkynrew Block including ASHA workers in various Aganwadi Centres.
This will help avoid the sale of poor quality two-wheeler helmets in the country which will help protect the two-wheeler population from serious injuries in accidents.
The appearance of Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC who won four terms from the Congress party from the constituency, has shocked the Congress leaders as the party knows that even in the midst of the political turmoil in the KHADC, he will stay. you're at the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Drivers Association (MCTODA) today led a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem. gate collectors on the highways.
These four IPS officers who have just passed and are still undergoing training have come to meet the Governor of Meghalaya as part of the training they have to complete.
However, that does not make sense unless the people of Ri Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should stand together with one mind and one force not to accept the Notification of 13th January 1989 because it is not yet the Notification. Illegal Notification and also the implementation of the powers issued by the Notification dated 13.1.1989 – There is a hope that as Dr. Kukul Sangma, Chief Minister, has scraped the land Deal with UCIL signed by another Chief Minister and also to scrap the Notification of 13.1.1989 and the Notification of 14.3.1990 issued by his previous Chief Ministers.
He also acknowledged that through this railway line will bring benefits and changes to the State but this MP has informed and explained to the people, such benefits that the indigenous people will get from the railway line. The railway connection to the state will only be a way to facilitate the smuggling of foreign officials to violate the rights of ownership of our people.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that the DC has said that there is a Section 144 CrPC. walk with the end of the jai jai.
In addition having flat roots helps a lot in pulling water out of the soil and which also help for soil erosion.
On the other hand, the Minister invited the public especially the youth to come forward to the office as this is their responsibility to come and give their opinion regarding the shortage of jobs. court that the government will do what is necessary.
Haka your speech; Marak said that NABARD will pay the rent and salary to the shopkeeper for two years.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Parents today were delighted to see that their children have passed well in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination. The results were released by the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
The meeting chaired by Bah PN Syiem, Chairman, KHADC decided to accept that the IOA & AA documents are very valuable to protect the nation and that these documents should be very important to protect the people. The Khasi and Jaintia people have welcomed the Government of India's proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking to media, he said that they have received information that there have been many earthquakes across the state and even in Shillong, but no information has been received yet. that there would be nothing untoward.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Banteidor said that until the day that the people appointed him to work for the people in 2014 as an MDC, he has fought as hard as he can. He congratulated the people for entrusting him with this responsibility as their current MLA.
While the Waheh Shnong, KSU members and the residents were standing at the scene, the BSF and Police arrived at the scene to prevent any incident.
Our body produces these proteins to fight against COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said that the government has failed in its responsibility as a government to protect the state, the foremost part of any The government is to protect the people of the state.
The union also found that the classrooms were overcrowded.
Therefore, the Union Health Ministry has conducted a survey on COVID vaccination across the country to get a clear understanding on vaccination of pregnant women.
Replying to the statement by the Chief Minister's Symbut, Prestone Tynsong, that if the Congress leader wants to know the work of the MDA government, he should meet him. He said that if there is money, the development works can be seen on the ground because the road is built on the ground and not in the room.
Before the consecration of these deacons, there was a religious service in which the parents had to hand over to the church on this day to be consecrated in the presence of the paid faithful of the church. to witness this great day together in the church.
He also expressed his gratitude to the youth who have come forward to defend the nation and said that the party should fight hard to unite as a country and nation and to forget their religion. have.
In his speech, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the lesson they have learned is to follow his example and not to rely on others. to allow the right to be taken away from others.
Shillong, March 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the issuance of a No Objection Certificate (NOC) issued by the Public Works Department (PWD) of the State Government. for the construction of Western Shillong bypass road.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Club, the GNC leader said he wanted to clarify how the Advocate General would go to appear inside the court.
Ranikor – Back CP 13 area.
As it is the part of the Church to ordain and empower the High Priests; Fr Alfred made the jubanlak by promising to follow the guidelines issued by the State Religious Affairs and to work together with the Church and the people of God.
The flag raising ceremony was held to mark the opening ceremony of the Golden Jubilee of Kynton-U-Mon. the Golden Jubilee.
On this question, the Minister said that he will have to find out.
The train from Delhi will arrive in Guwahati today with 174 passengers, the train from Kerala will arrive in Guwahati tomorrow with 352 passengers, and the train from Goa will arrive in Guwahati today with 352 passengers. On the 31st of this month, there were 99 cases.
During the meeting, the Deputy Director General Recruiting in charge of the North Eastern Region of India explained to the Governor of the State the opportunities for recruitment from the North Eastern Region. the region and especially the state of Meghalaya.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Kuldeep Singh Dhatwalia, Director General, NE Zone.
All the speakers expressed the uniqueness of Bah HS Shylla since he came to power three times as a citizen, as an MLA he has done many things and as CEM he has brought the Clan Bill to be passed. to the nation and many other deeds he has done to keep his name alive.
The injured were rushed to Pongtung PHC and Shillong Civil Hospital, but on arrival at Shillong Civil Hospital, doctors pronounced him dead.
In the 50 kg category, Airikmenlang Shabong won the Rynong medal in the right and left hand category, while Margaret Pathaw in the 70 kg category won the Rynong medal. She won the Gold Medal in the right and left hand category.
How much more will the Government destroy and destroy the state,” she said.
Mairang, Naitung 05: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inaugurated the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO) and Secretary, Mairang. In the presence of the Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pai'em PM Syiemlieh, the Commissioner of Transport, Mr. IW Ingty, Deputy Commissioner, Mr. W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Mr. MB Syiem, employees of various departments of the State Government , Village Leaders, Principals of Schools in the area and others.
About 50 people have been admitted to the Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Mairang after they fell ill from a funeral home in Nongdom, Eastern West Khasi Hills District on Thursday.
This will be removed immediately if the curfew is violated and poses a threat to the spread of Coronavirus.
Pangniang said that they have confidence in the people as they have given their support to the national parties in the MLA election 2023 and now they have confidence in the people that they will win the election.
The Dorbar also said that on the one hand, it is because of the lack of Sixth Scheduled that we have come to the point of demanding a HILL STATE. India.
Khliehriat, Naitung 12 : The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hill today sent a memorandum to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya MDA-II Government through the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya.
For voluntary groups, they must be registered under the Registration of Societies Act, 1860 (Act XXII of 1860) with any state and must not be less than three years as a group.
Other speakers on the occasion were the Working President Peter Thyrniang, Defender Lamare Secretary of the union. the salary is now three months old.
Shillong, June 30; The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union, Jowai, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister and Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, Education Department, Government of Meghalaya for taking the initiative to achieve this goal. Dr Ramesh Pokriyal Nishank, Minister of State for Education, Union Government, on 29th June 2020, according to media reports.
It is because the government sees this that to solve the problems, it will allocate funds to the cooperatives so that they can allocate funds to those youths who want to start their own businesses at a small income.
The Union feels that it is through the support of the people that they are able to work and serve especially those people who are low income.
At this juncture, once again, it is necessary to understand that as a separate nation, to escape from these conflicts, we have to speak clearly on Section 7, of the Indian Independence Act 1947 and the The Governor General of India and the twenty Khasi States on 17 August 1948, and which these documents are to appear in a special provision of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, March 09: U Lambor Malangniang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, on Tuesday said that he will not campaign for anyone in the mid-term MLA elections in the 26-Shella Constituency to be held on the 21st of this month. month.
The Wasan thanked and prayed that Tre Kirot would bless the family in all aspects from work and health.
The play is based on the book Wide Sargasso Sea, one of the parts of the novel Jane Eyre.
He said that as the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs in the country, he has attended many dorbars, but these dorbars which he has attended are like They are the local councils, but this is international.
The registration process today was successful and many youths came out to register themselves on the electoral roll.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has released the results of the SSLC on May 25, subjects have been taken from the syllabus of the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) for Class XI and Class XII in the academic year 2024-2
Shillong, Nailur 13: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its gratitude and thanks to the Health Department of the State Government especially to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh for taking care of the needs of the people of the district. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has approved the construction of two Health Sub Centers in Mawsynram C&RD Block, Mawhiang and Jyllep.
: the mutka is not asked for the iktiar.
On this occasion, the HANC, which supports the road, also attended the meeting with the Prime Minister and other civil society organizations led by Bah Riki Sohlang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its anger over the brutality of the Assam Police.
Shillong, July 09: U John Lesly Marak, on Tuesday said that the water wells have started to run out of water and this is the problem for Tura in the coming years. um inside Southern Tura.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Indian Railways is on track to become a net zero carbon emitter by
They also brought several weapons to hand over to the police.
During the visit, the Board also discussed many issues on how to develop the North East and the region in all aspects.
It cannot be said that the party in the past years has experienced poverty, deportation of members, killing, arrest of members as well as weapons, but these are only parts of the struggle such as the organization has to collide.
In this regard, the Central Government had already approved the Tura Medical College and Shillong Medical College during the tenure of Health Minister Gulam Nabi Azad. The new rule has created many problems in relation to these two projects.
A 7-year-old boy, son of Kong Bandari Shangpliang, has been seriously injured when MeECL left the transformer without a cover. in the village of Lempluh, Nongspung.
At the same time, he said that the party will continue to fight for the implementation of other demands including the demand that the government should declare 2020 as the Year of Farmers with special allocation of funds for farmers and others. other demands for the benefit of the farmers.
He also urged the Government to take action to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam but not to end up in the talks that have been going on for years.
In the past, once you went to school, you knew that you had lost your job.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, has urged the people of the state not to listen to the threats of the ULFA from time to time.
It is their responsibility to ensure that their statements in the remaining two sections do not affect social and national stability.
We don't have time to criticize others because our nation is in trouble, backwardness in all aspects.
He said that it would be different for him to come to contest for Sohiong Constituency if he is from Mawpat where most of the MLAs are from other villages but they are contesting from other constituencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee MP today arrived in Tura, Garo Hills and also inaugurated the party office at Te'teng A'ja, Tura.
it was seen that only months or weeks later they were released from prison and continued the same work.
During the past 10 years, the Assam Army has been fighting against drug traffickers, firearms and explosives. illegal activities.
“Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Kandu, Arunachal Pradesh Governor BD Mishra and Union Minister Kiren Rijijuki accompanied the Prime Minister on this occasion among other dignitaries.
Aldelbert has resigned from the post of MLA after speaking at the VPP party meeting held at Motphran on 12/01/2 Adelbert won the MLA election in 2018 from the KHNAM party from the 17-Shillong North Constituency. Shillong, July 14: It is an honor for Meghalaya today to inaugurate the VPP elections to the Legislative Assembly. The Court Yard Hotel on Jail Road is the largest hotel in the North East.
“There are many market places within the boundary of JHADC, where there are many non-tribals who do business but the surprising thing is that there are very few people who have Trading License.
“In this regard, HDR said that the Additional Subsidy sent by the MTC is too long.
On the transportation of coal, Panjwani said, “Yes, you have the freedom to mine but according to the rules to protect the living things and not with secret ideas.
As the village we have sent many letters to the Government and the relevant authorities to create the mechanisms to implement the scheme for the repair of this bridge but till now we have not received any reply,” he said. said Mr. Lyngkhoi.
The new blocks to be opened in these parts of the Khasi Hills, as mentioned by the Chief Minister in the House, are Umroi, Mawlai, but now there will also be a block in Sohiong.
The raid will do its utmost to find the means that are still within the state government and if they don't have the means to protect them, they have to go to the police station to protect themselves. the rights of thousands of children.
The pipeline will be 1656 KM long and the project will cost T 9265 crore.
In a statement sent today, Bah Peter Dohkrut said that it is incomprehensible when the people see that many government buses are standing idle in every place. However, MUDA claims that only 19 vehicles have been damaged, and what is more surprising is that according to the RTI requested by MUDA, it has not mentioned that there will be Maxi Cabs and Wingers.
The outbreak of COVID-19 has shocked the government to see that the state has many shortcomings in the field of health and the government has now taken action to fight to provide the lat. health care for the people in the state which the state has to spend a lot in this regard.
If Bah Shylla has agreed to work with Aura Hotel, he should inform the office as there are conditions in the contract which the tenant cannot change.
The surprising thing is that Esterwis Ryngkhlem has demanded money from JYF President Poipynhun Majaw for Rs 5 lakh, Rs 10 lakh and now Rs 6 lakh. eh, such allegations we cannot accept at all because it is only an insult of Madonbai Rymbai and Esterwis Ryngkhlem against the President.
Tura, July 25: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today held a protest in Tura by carrying placards to protest against the increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the country. This is the state of Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister said he hopes that the Central Government will listen as it has done in the past.
The NPP, which won 26 MLAs, and the BJP, which won two MLAs, have already sent a letter of support to the NPP party to form a government with 28 members in the 59-member Assembly. There are 30 members to get a majority to form a government.
The matches were between KSU Shillong Eastern Circle and Shillong Labet FC and KSU Mawkasiang Unit.
During this year, 264 persons have sacrificed their lives to defend their country and 27 BSF personnel have sacrificed their lives to defend the country.
Police have registered a complaint against the drug dealer on a tip-off and followed up. Police have registered a complaint against him. NDPS Act at Lumdingjri Police Station.
At the same time, on 09.11.2022, Goalpara Police Station in Assam informed that a child has been abducted and hidden in the forests of West Garo Hills according to an ejahar under Lakhipur PS Case No. /22 u/s 365/387/34 IPC.On these two complaints, the West Garo Hills Police have conducted an investigation and found that the abduction of these two persons from Assam is to demand money and those in power are the same group of criminals.
The expectation of the residents especially in those areas is that the government should think and take action to open up the roads in order to reduce the problems and sufferings that those residents face at work. It affects the income especially of those people in the border areas and the state as a whole.
Speaking to reporters, KJBWA Publicity Secretary Bah Kitbok Mylliem Umlong said that the union has signed a social agreement with the state government for 40 years, but until now they have to run at a loss and have to withdraw money. the expenses of lighting and other necessities.
Criticizing Macaulay's Indian Penal Code and Stephen's Indian Evidence Act for their roots in the Victorian era, Justice Roy referred to the 47th Report of the Law Commission. says that there should be changes in the laws relating to illegal activities.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Two persons have lost their lives in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District due to heavy rainfall today. the auto in which one person died in this tragic accident.
It is unfortunate that government departments and leaders do not see this problem and do not take action to address it according to the demand of the time.
Regarding this, the chiefs of Jirang Hima have visited the area to find out the truth and have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi. District.
He said that the focus should not only be on setting up a museum but more on writing books by researching the customs and traditions.
The current EC is taking steps to ensure that all the Himas have full-time rulers, as the CEM knows, is that the internal court of the Shella Confederacy has not been functioning since in 2012 this is an example.
On the other hand , the Union expressed its regret that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU has not been able to speak or listen to the grievances of the casual workers of NEHU it is not a great nation like you.
Regarding this mistake, all the punishment should be imposed on the employees of MBOSE, said KJDSTA. The price of this book will reach T.260 tyngka each and this is too much and if this is true it will be difficult for the families to provide children's books. MBOSE should be looked at.
It will cover an area of ​​about 35,000 sq km.
He who tested positive for Omicron has left but the test was conducted in Meghalaya. He could not stay in Langkyrding. The person who tested positive for Omicron has been sent to Assam and four people have stayed in Meghalaya.
Shah said that by linking various programs such as PradhanMantri Jan Arogya Yojana, Ayushman Yojana, PradhanMantri Health Infrastructure Yojana, PradhanMantri Health Mission, Malaria Free India,
In the men's category, the second place went to Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills District and the third place went to Jowai from West Jaintia Hills District.
Bandari Ryntathiang urged the Hima Mylliem office to correct this misunderstanding and that it should not happen again.
Micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) will also be able to export their goods and services around the world more easily.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, today said that the union has sent a complaint to the education department through its Director Ambrose Marak to complain against the government's failure to comply. receiving B.Ed students at Rongkhon, Tura.
Replying to a report, the Director said that like other Autonomous Institutes, the faculty of NEIGRIHMS also has a 10 month leave in November or July. Please note that at least 50 percent of the faculty members will be present in each of these months.
It is to be recalled that Bah Marshall lost his life in the collapse of a garbage dump in Marten on the morning of 3rd June,
Mansa Naijar, a 12-year-old resident of Langkyrdieng, Nongmynsong, Shillong, has written a book 'A Hero's Destiny, Everland' and has received a prize. Gurugram Haryana also won 3 medals.
Shillong, June 25: The General Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) will hold a meeting on the 3rd of June to discuss the actions of some members of the party. president of Bah AK Gashnga.
The meeting was attended by MLAs Pius Marwein, Kyrmen Shylla, Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh, Allantry Lyngdoh and others.
Shillong, July 22: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) today opened the 175th Anniversary of the arrival of Thomas Jones from Wales. Khasi hills to preach the word of the Lord Jesus.
At the same time, he urged not to allow anyone to take advantage of this incident to spread false news.
There are currently three candidates from the Mawsynram MDC Constituency, Rudy Shangpliang from the Congress, Alvin K Sawkmie from the NPP and Olan Suin from the UDP. excited.
Regarding the proposal to build the Entry and Exit points at Khanduli, the DC said that the work has been completed especially the land, but what remains is the Tourism Department.
The meeting also informed that T.38,400 crore has been released under the Smart Cities Mission till 1st June, 2023, of which T.35,261 crore has already been spent.
At present, the AGP and the BJP have not joined hands in the current election, but the NERPF will talk to the top BJP leaders to reach an agreement. The Congress will not accept it.
Regarding the demand to recognize the contract workers as full time employees, MeCL management replied that they are still considering and the reason is lack of funds.
The Central Government wants to strengthen the security of the border with Bangladesh and has requested more land and this is a major challenge to get land and at the same time to complete the fence. Shia kyans.
Two days ago, these notices were found outside shops in Sohra.
According to a statement sent by the police, during the search, police recovered 2 grams of heroin, T.11,000 cash and a mobile phone.
This protest by signing the name of the organization aims to ensure that all people regardless of their age, or from which group they come from, as the organization believes that all Shillong, Naitung 18: The Chief Engineer of the Water Supply Department, Meghalaya, today informed the public that the pipes have been installed. The water belongs to the fourth phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) and the efforts to drain the water from these newly installed pipes are ongoing.
Conrad urged the people to support the candidate of the ruling party, urged the people not to listen to others, urged them to support the candidate of the ruling party. The party is not in government for the development of the constituency as a whole.
He said that the fisheries industry will be one of the employment opportunities for the youth in the state so that they can stand on their own feet and support their families.
At this meeting, the states/union territories including Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Arunachal Pradesh, Lakshadweep and Meghalaya expressed their concerns about the speed of internet and the lack of network.
From that day onwards, COMSO will set up check posts across the state, in Khasi Hills and Garo Hills, where there are infiltration personnel, they will work with government officials.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Sarim Dorbar Shnong Shillong has sent a complaint to Bah PR Marwein, Empowered Officer, SSRDA, PMGSY, Shillong regarding the delay in completion of the 12.5 km road from Rangthong to Sarin.
The words of the poet Soso Tham will continue to live and flourish from one generation to another.
To Tura via Nongstoin, the government will continue to expand the government to complete this road.
Also present on the occasion were the chairman of the AICC who expressed their satisfaction with the actions of the PEC. All political parties in the world because India is a democratic country.
Titosstarwel Chyne said in the House that the Xerox machine was brought to the office in 2015 when PN Syiem was CEM at that time. The land in Mawkyrwat has been purchased.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has sought a report on the incident and Ravi has been summoned to appear before the Commission on the 20th of this month.
In a meeting today, the Minister of Electricity, Meghalaya, explained and gave a written statement on the electricity industry in the state and requested the Union Minister to amend the rules of the NERLDC. The Union Minister also informed the Union Minister that the government has decided to pay the remaining light bill of T.630 crore. Of this, the government has paid T.100 crore to the electricity companies. 1345 crore through Atma Nirbhar Bharat Scheme Loan.
