In fact, the people should not take the law into their own hands, they should cooperate with the police and the government as well as take another legal route to resolve their problems. shim your blood pressure.
Bah Noor Nongrum said that Meghalaya is part of India and there is no such insult in this state.
Within hours, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has held a protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi to demand that the BJP-led NDA Government should include the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra. Tura MP Agatha Sangma has immediately led MLAs from Garo Hills who are also Ministers in the Government to address the problems of the people living on the border between Meghalaya and Assam. State to meet the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs to convey the demand for the inclusion of the Garo Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Lamphang said that the cleaning of the remains of the collapse of the dome and the approval of the design of the new dome have been completed and the work is progressing.
The people have expressed their desire to get the ILP since 2013 until now.
The HNLC expresses its gratitude to the BJP Government especially the Art of Living for their willingness to bring the HNLC to the negotiating table, said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. .Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today announced that the government has agreed to implement the new salary of state government employees. available as of November 2017.
The resignation letter was sent to the party president Hopingstone Lyngdoh. In the resignation letter, Goldenstar said he had left the party after careful consideration.
The state's domestic product is produced through services.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Police of West Garo Hills District on receiving a tip-off raided the residence of Jimbe N Marak at Wadanang in Tura and seized heroin from him. your house.
These light bulbs are warrantied for three years and if they are lost within that period, buyers can go for a new one.
If the Coaches/Judges select the singer to proceed to the next round or Elimination Round-1
The people have just elected their leaders, some of them whose hands are not clean, those same people to pull out of the vehicles of the villages to sit in the Secretariat, if it is so you don't have to choose a leader.
He spoke about the commitment of the Meghalaya government for the welfare of those with disabilities and added that the government has taken several steps such as holding meetings to distribute the Universal ID Card for those with disabilities who travel across the country.
The KSU will meet again on the first day to discuss and take decisions if the government does not release the two arrested members.
Workplaces that have already implemented working from home under the previous working arrangement, can be sent an email notification by
The names of the informants will be kept confidential, and there will be a tax-free reward.
The fighting was very fierce but the Kur Marbaniang were able to maintain their victory until the end of the time.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Lyngdoh said, “I would like to congratulate the ET Edge for organizing this tournament for the sixth Doctors Day Conclave.
The construction of these oxygen generators at the Civil Hospital Shillong has been completed by 98% so far and will start within 24 hours, said the Chief Minister. you juh you por.
This is the first time that the leaders of the party have been able to honor the great man of the Khasi people, as at present there are peace talks between the party and the government which are ongoing.
At the same time, it was also informed that if the police who are on the road driving vehicles should not have any feeling whether they are small or large, they should punish those who violate the rules and regulations. If the traffic police enforce the law according to the law, the traffic jam will be less.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has held a flag raising ceremony across the North East to mark the 11th November as a dark day. The Citizenship Amendment Act will be passed in
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken steps to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India for this reason. that the House on 27th November 2018 has decided to demand from the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Congress MDC candidate Dr Adviser Pariong, on Tuesday appealed to the people of Nongstoin MDC Constituency to give him the opportunity to contest as MDC from the Congress party so that he can help more. For the betterment of West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the Umngot Hydro Electric Project today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma and demanded that the Umngot Hydro Electric Project should be cancelled. the construction of a dam on the Umngot River.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has organized a Free Medical Camp on the 2nd November, 2023 at Kynjat Phutbol from 10 am to 3 pm.
Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU, Shillong together with teachers and students left to take part in the celebration of the 3rd Anniversary of the implementation of the NEHU. The NEP 2020 within NEHU has started to be implemented from 01 July
Shillong, January 30 : A quick money scam using a fake investment platform called Numgenious AI is ensnaring unsuspecting citizens in the state, promising unrealistic returns in a short period.
Rose boarded a bus to Goalpara.
Barauni to Guwahati Pipeline: The Barauni-Guwahati pipeline has been implemented as part of the JHBDPL project to connect the North East to the National Gas Grid.
Police have registered a case under Section 365 of the IPC against them.
I think this is a good way to celebrate our independence.
The tea shop inside the college is too small compared to other colleges and it was requested that the tea shop should also be improved.
The youth should avoid evil habits because these are the invading forces of foreigners to conquer our nation,” said Nongrem.
Despite the protests, thousands of people flocked to Madan Polo to take part in the celebration of this great day of India.
Shillong, June 20: The election for the new Speaker of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will be held tomorrow morning. Sangma from the NPP and Cherak Watre Momin from the Congress.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The All India Congress Committee (AICCC) Secretary Zenith Sangma on Tuesday said that the Congress party demands that the government should disclose the names of those who have been infected with COVID-1 fight against this disease.
Shillong, November 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawryngkneng has strongly condemned the illegal sale of land in Shiliang Umkhem.
According to the estimates, the price of cows coming to Khanapara Market in Ri Bhoi District is from other states of India. Beef farmers selling in the markets in the state have found it difficult to compete with smugglers to Bangladesh.
On this occasion, the customs and traditions of the villages and villages of the Khasi Khara people were also showcased according to their new customs and traditions. .
The President of the KSU Ranikor Unit said that the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District has directed the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board to inspect the river. In 2010, the fish in this river died unknown, but in the inspection of the MPCB, when it issued its report, it said that the fish in this river had died. They alleged that it is because of the coal mining, which the party cannot accept, but now that there is no coal mining, how can this river turn red?
They have decided to discuss the matter with their parent organization known as the Central IAS Officers Association, New Delhi. and they hope that KS Kropha will be acquitted of all these charges.
Your work can speak more jam... I'm looking at your work.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Saturday, the President of the Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Wing, Bah Esakiel S. Mond, said that on the 5th of this month, the Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Wing They met with the EM in charge of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, and said that they have received a copy of the NOC issued by the Rangbah Shnong, which shows that the NOC was signed by the Secretary Shnong, Bah SM Mawïong. He said that this was done after the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle and Nongthymmai Circle has strongly condemned and strongly opposed the arrest and harassment of members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) from Mawlai and Nongthymmai by the police. It is because they have accused the members of FKJGP of taking part in the rally. It is surprising that the police have thrown petrol on the fire. they were like the captives of the mighty.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Students of the NCC Unit and NSS Unit of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai held a meeting with the NCC Unit of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai. teachers have held a march to call for cleanliness.
During the summit, young people will have the opportunity to express their views on issues related to the environment, climate change, development related to the SDGs, technology, entrepreneurship and innovation, indigenous knowledge, national identity, nation building and others.
Bah Phurly Suting, 52, of Umtasor, Ri-Bhoi District, who was arrested by the Police on 23rd June, 2024 on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a young man at his residence. He was stabbed in the back of his neck by a knife in Umtasor village. He died at the hands of the police after suffering a mental illness.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary, the union has mentioned many conditions to confirm the claims of those who believe that the government has done wrong and that it should return the money collected. all the years.
For this reason, the Central Government has decided to increase the number of women.
According to the latest news received by the SP News Agency, all schools have to send this notice to the DSEO office for those who have been vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated. .
This was also acknowledged by BGB Additional Director General M Zahid Hasan.
The union expects the NEHU authorities to do whatever is necessary.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The State Legislative Assembly has released T.2,10,74,750/- for the expenditure on the demolition of 57 illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills District.
The second type is where the symptoms of sickle cell disease appear.
According to the figures, 96704 people have tested positive for COVID-19, 95044 people have recovered and 95044 people have died. to 1622 people.
Police today said that after completing all the procedures, the body of the deceased was handed over to the family members. New Delhi, June 12: Civil Aviation Minister Jyotiraditya M.Scindia and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu today inaugurated the first aircraft carrier. HAL Dronier-228 is manufactured in India.
On the other hand, the union of Muktiars has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident that two prominent Muktiars have been threatened by unknown persons. the case of the persons involved in the case.
The decision also canceled the allocation of 422 hectares of land to UCIL. At present, UCIL has not been able to explain to the public regarding the impact of the mining. Uranium in terms of health and has not been able to consult with the public on this issue.
The success of the empowerment of 50 lakh street vendors in economic activities is the bright future of India's economic activities.
Shillong, Naitung 03: There are 13 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. to 106 people.
During his visit, the Chief Minister was seated in the Official Gallery and sat for about 15 minutes to watch the speeches of the MDCs. The House of Representatives to congratulate the newly elected Lamphang.
Samlin Malngiang HSPDP has won the MDC by election with 8599 votes while Nathaniel Osbert Rymbai INC has won 7408 votes. Wankupar Syiemlieh UDP received 2908 votes, Pret Mawlong India received 433 votes and BJP received 190 votes.
These information providers will be strengthened by the Media Unit of the Information and Broadcasting Department, the Central Bureau of Communication which is a special team for the release of advertisements in all types of media.
knowledge of the laws and the willingness to stand up for his people.
Shillong, March 15: The road leading from GS Road to the head of the market has a large parking lot where hundreds of vehicles have parked. Who can look after the PWD or the Cantonment?
“We are ready to protest strongly at any time if the maintenance of NH 44 does not go smoothly or does not satisfy us as agreed. .
On this occasion, he urged Amika Marwein to continue to work hard to reach higher levels. This victory is the beginning.
At this meeting on the cleanliness of the KHADC, the KHADC will allocate funds to clean up the rivers in Shillong. plastic, regarding drugs, KHADC will send a letter to the government how to ban.
Shillong, June 23: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has appointed the CEC to conduct the XV election to the KSU office for the term 2023-2 Lambokstarwell Marngar has been re-elected as President without any opposition.
It is impossible to say that as a nation we have many laws and development measures, we have the State, the ADCs, we have the Land Transferred Act, we have the Job Reservation Policy, we have There are reserve seats in elections, there is trading by non tribal laws, there is work permit law, there is anti infiltration check gate, there are schemes and scholarships and so on.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal in his speech said that the journalists have been given a special opportunity where no one can stop the work of the journalists. of them, while the officers have the rules and have to conform to those rules.
Dr. Natalie West Kharkongor, Lecturer at IIM Shillong, presented her report entitled “Sustainability Reporting” on the sustainability of the country. book in the world.
Many of the members of the meeting expressed their desire to contest for the post of MLA and the party will come to whatever election Bah Sun chooses. The people will give their support to bring about victory.
Leaders of the KNGCSU, Samla Batkupar Lamurong, said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education (KNGCSU). and also to the Minister of Education, Dr. RC Laloo, but till now nothing has been resolved.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Syngoh, MLA from this constituency, said that at present there is no incident and there is peace and order in the village. The Commissioner shall ensure that there shall be no inconvenience.
Jowai, November 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has revoked the license to sell ration at Barato village for the first time. government, notwithstanding the prohibition which has been issued from time to time.
Shillong, April 3: One person identified as Kitbor Khongiong sustained injuries from the brawl that took place at Umlangpur, Khanapara in Ri Bhoi district on Wednesday.
Speaking on his former Prime Ministership and present Prime Ministership, he said the Government has never lacked talented officers who love their job and want to do good.
“This program is part of the education of the children and helps to encourage them to come out and showcase their talents in the field of music.
However, according to the employees, he said that there is an order to send them to work on Tuesday, but the union said that the commissioner will come to work because she will have to complete the work. The remaining jobs, and also on the other hand, the union said that the job itself cannot be closed but the workers should not be sent to work.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today walked for about 10 hours to inspect the Umjarasi River which is one of the nine water sources of the Shillong Municipal Board. which is from the mountain of Shyllong.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Advisory Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has called on all the political parties concerned about the construction of the railway line to come forward and work together by setting up a Joint Action Committee ( JAC) to destroy the railway.
The Congress government has sold Uriah fertilizer at T.500 per 50 kilos instead of T.500 per 50 kilos, said the BJYM leader. The Central Government has introduced a new policy on Uriah fertilizer, in which it has provided assistance to farmers where Uriah fertilizer should be sold to farmers at T. In November 2016, the Central Government had allocated 2000 metric tonnes of Uriah to Meghalaya and it should have been sold at T.282 per 50 kilos. The State Government has refused to accept this.
Out of the 93 cases who tested positive for COVID-19 today, 50 cases were tested from Nongthymmai, 24 cases were from abroad, 3 cases were from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There were 4 cases from Mawlai and 2 cases from the army.
Replying to a question by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on the Government's inability to increase the salaries of employees under the SSA program in Meghalaya, the Minister said that the The salary was paid by the Management Monitoring Evolution and Research (MMER) of the Ministry of Education, Government of India.
The fire was extinguished by the Fire and Emergency Services.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has rejected the statement of BJP spokesperson Nalin Kohli who is also in charge of Meghalaya through the media regarding the railway project in Khasi Hills. I would like to clarify to this BJP leader regarding the issues that the state and the nation as a whole are facing from time to time regarding the influx of foreigners and that bar state sha this area.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong has organized a seminar on the topic of equality especially the rights of women for the students of this university on the occasion of the Women's Day. women in the ends of the earth shall be in the morning.
Guwahati, Naitung 06: The states of the North East have made progress in terms of the JalJeevan Mission.
The teachers said that they have asked the government for two days to appoint them because they have already sent this letter to the government for more than a month. The government should not give up the shithithung so they will hold a protest.
On the other hand, Kong Prostarlin Nongsiej said that the village leaders have not made it clear whether they will reject the village or not but they have made it clear that they cannot issue NOC or Certificate of Shnong to her.
Swimming pools have been opened for the players.
At the same time, it demanded that the police involved in this case should be punished as they are not above the law.
In this raid, the RPF has arrested two persons involved in the trafficking, these two persons were arrested from the railway stations which are not from the same place.
Shillong, November 01: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhanu today inaugurated an IEC Van for urban areas at the Viksit Bharat Convention Yatra Raj Bhavan Shillong today.
In the past 10 years, the TMC has spread across the state and as the days go by, the party has grown and the number of people and the party has shown that they have confidence in the party.
“It is surprising to see that even after the implementation of Local Taxis in East Jaintia Hills District, there are still many private vehicles operating with them. local taxi in East Jaintia Hills District especially on National Highway 44 which has surprised the AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) today celebrated its second anniversary at Rympei Public Hall. , Shillong, Shillong.
“In accordance with Clause (1) of Section 11 of the Act, 2023, the President is pleased to accept the resignation letter sent by Arun Goel, Election Commissioner from 9th October, 2024,” said the Gazette Notification.
However, unfortunately, the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has not yet started the construction or opening of courses at the Jowai Campus as approved by the UGC. JSU demands that NEHU should immediately start the Jowai Campus as the Union does not want to see the backwardness of NEHU as has happened in Moodymmai Village in the past years.
He spoke about the contributions of the people of the country in the unveiling of the G-20 logo, saying that the Government has received many suggestions on the logo.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that police have found all the legal means in connection with the incident and have lodged a complaint against the suspect. man.
India comes second in the world in the production of silk textiles, after China.
In the view of the union, this action of the KHADC, has opened the door for the local vendors, and has blocked those foreigners who do not apply for trading license or who do not recognize the KHADC for dozens of dollars. year.
Dubey and Bishal Paul had protested against Afsal Ali and in the protest Afsal Ali allegedly shouted 'Pakistan Zindabad' in order to win the protest, police said in the complaint. they didn't get it.
Shillong, July 17: Khadsawphra College today conducted an orientation program for the students of Class XI in the Art and Commerce stream as well as for the students of BA and B.Com. of the first semester.
After depositing the money, the robbers called again and said that if they wanted the check, it would be given to them from the hands of Amitabh Bachchan.
Regarding this disease in India, one out of every six children has difficulty speaking and it affects more boys and in Meghalaya, the initial survey has started. From 1990 to 2017, there were 354 cases per 100,000.
The remaining 18 polling stations will be opened tomorrow.
Shillong, Nailur 09: Unidentified persons have set fire to the Congress office in Mawkyrwat this morning.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Khasi Hills Autonomous Regulation (KHADC) Bill has been approved by the State Legislative Assembly.
The group of youths from the state who went to take part in the Assam North East Youth Festival was sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Govt.
The office bearers of the Women's Congress Committee are Jhanika Siangshai President, two vice presidents Lasting Nongtdu and Shimika Sungoh.
Renowned artist and speaker, Dr. AnjanJyoti Chowdhury conducted the programme.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 07: The South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District today inaugurated the 9th South Badminton Tournament. The Badminton Championship 2023 (SWKHDBC) was held at Mawkyrwat Indoor Stadium where Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency was the chief guest.
This notice of the Village shall remain in force until further notice.
At present, the farmers who sell their jhur kijhep in the market have to sell their produce while the farmers set the price. When the farmers go to sell their rice at the mawiong market, they have to sell it only to avoid the night because there is no food to store them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in a meeting with Bangladeshi traders in Sylhet, said that although there is a close relationship, nothing can be done.
On the other hand, the Political Secretary of the party, Malja A Sangma, said that in the meeting with the Chief Minister, he understands their needs but what makes the government officials delay? I have been receiving no money since June this year.
According to a statement received from Na ka Sur Ki Nong Jaintia, the meeting will be held at 1.00 pm in Jowai on the occasion of the dissatisfaction with the report submitted by the government on the shooting. Cherishterfield Thangkhiew died.
“We have been discriminated against, not only in our homes but also in health centers and places of worship.
We have now spent nearly ten years since the birth of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to explain and explain how you can participate in politics and what your duty as voters is.
Speaking to the VPP leaders, they said that this is only the beginning and from now on they will continue to strengthen and will not back down on the demands for the benefit of the people.
The SP of Shillong said that Charlie was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
He said that the shortage of staff in many areas causes many problems within the Mawsynram Police Station if such incidents happen.
Thousands of people flocked to the parking lot opposite the Additional Secretariat, Shillong from 2:00 pm to listen to the announcement made by Bah Ardent. The MDA Government has agreed to set up an Expert Committee.
“Therefore, we can say that the indigenous people of Meghalaya have strongly opposed any opposition to the introduction of the Uniform Civil Code as it will not only destroy but also destroy the customs and traditions that do not exist in the country. state," he said.
If the Antigen test is negative, they are allowed to go home but they have to quarantine themselves for 10 days and during this time they should not clean themselves. but if the test is positive they will be taken to the Corona Care Center for further examination by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This is possible because in the 1st Phase we have been able to complete the 139 kilometer road from Ranikor to Baghmara-Maheshkhola,” said Dr Mukul Sangma. The NH 62 from Ranikor to Baghmara and other places will be at least 400 kilometers long and the Bah 127 B from North Bengal will pass through Phulbari-Selsela-Rongrang to Nongstoin on the NH
Shillong, March 18: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today inaugurated the Diengpasoh Police Station in East Khasi Hills District.
There were 400 participants in the race. The race started at 7 pm from Madan Law College. The 12 hour curfew did not intimidate or discourage the participants. and SWGH, Ram Singh was one of the participants.
It is learned that 23 teams have applied for the tournament but after careful consideration only 16 teams have been selected as the tournament allows only 16 teams.
The improvements include five classrooms, a teachers' lounge, student lounges and black boards.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed five deaths from COVID-19 in the state today. The total number of cases has risen to
He said that looking at the incidents in the past, when the government appointed a person, many of these police chiefs did not accept this job. decided to write to all those police chiefs who should have been promoted to this position whether they would accept this job or not.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Saindur Tikur Tip Khas Institute of Hynniewtrep (STIEH) on Tuesday said that only 30,000 out of 33 lakh residents of the state have been infected with the virus. support for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, is unacceptable.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, Congress candidate from Nongkrem Constituency, today filed his nomination for the mid-term MDC election from this constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today turned up at the Secretariat and carried placards to demand that the Meghalaya government should implement the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Meghalaya. Meghalaya is the state of Assam.
There are 176 recoveries today, 139 from East Khasi Hills, 20 from West Garo Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from West Jaintia Hills, 3 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. so far there are 5582 cases.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) led by its President Richard Marak today held a protest outside the Congress Bhavan in Shillong to protest against the arrest of MPYC President Richard Marak. Rahul Gandhi in Delhi while visiting retired Subedar RK Grewal who took his life on the demand for One Rank One Pension.
However, as the years go by, it is sad to see that these rivers have started to ring tykhong and filled with garbage.
The Gram Sabha is an important part of self-government and is essential for transparency in the work and functioning of Gram Panchayats with responsibility and our Government is encouraging the establishment of Gram Panchayats. Welcome to all those involved in the work.
Mission Smile Manager Dipul Malakar, DEIC Manager East Khasi Hills Wanraplang Kharpran, DEICAsst Jaintia Hills Manager Daphihi Passah and State RBSK Consultant NHM, Meghalaya Bah Johnson Nongbet.
This will encourage people to grow medicinal plants.
In the meeting with these leaders, he expressed his regret as a leader because the people are facing problems and many development schemes have been stopped in Mawlai Constituency.
In his speech, the Governor outlined the measures taken by the Government in the coming fiscal year for the development of the State in many areas whether it is the urban areas or the to the villagers.
This is the statement of Samla Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: Five new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. , 18 cases have been confirmed, 2 cases have been admitted to hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said, “If others are allowed, others who are entitled to be citizens of the state, even if they are not riewlum, should also be allowed”.
The highest number of voters was Mawlai constituency with 42,000 voters and Dalu constituency with 9,000 voters.
International Nurses Day is celebrated around the world on this day because it is the birthday of Florence Nightingale, the establishment of a modern nursing practice model.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Shillong Police today at 6.40 pm found a 19-year-old girl from Upper Shillong in Sanmer lying on the road.
There are up to 70 lakh students in all 29 states and Union Territories of India who are eligible for this scholarship.
Others continued to serve in various capacities in the community.
The HYC demands that the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma should call a meeting with all the civil society organizations to discuss the railway line including the KSU. Ri Khasi Jaintia, Bah Robert Lyngdoh said that this state is not a state ruled by the police, it is a state ruled by the people. The Minister of Home Affairs should have ordered to stop the search for the youth of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent after hearing both the explanations invited all the leaders of these two villages to come and talk inside his office on the first day of the month (25.8.2014) the part of being able to remove the light from the darkness.
The calendar will be distributed to federal offices across the country.
Speaking on the occasion, HYC Mawlai Circle President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said, “What is the benefit of the Notification of the SOP announced by the government through the Principal Secretary, Labor Department, if foreign workers are accepted freely? to these rules.
U Bah Aiban Swer in his speech , said that we have always heard only the name of the umngap sohra because of its sweetness and now we expect that in the coming years Mawryngkneng village will appear in the same position if these beneficiaries take seriously this work.
In such a journey, she has the desire to find out the origin and cause of the murder of her loved ones.
I really applaud the steps of this group.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Donald said that the awarding of these medals is not only for yourself or your family but for the nation. Khasi as a whole, he added that as the Seng ki Samla Pule, we have not hesitated to work for the welfare of the youth sportsmen of Ri Khasi.
This year there are many films premiering.280 films from more than 79 countries were screened at IFFI this year.
Adrian said the convention was held to prepare the youth for the MP and MDC elections 2024 as it is time for the youth to come forward to take part in politics from the country. for the betterment of the youth of the state and the country as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 04: BSNL officials have promised and approved to improve the operation of BSNL mobile CellOne in West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi District, Jaintia Hills. District, and other areas on the border of Assam and Bangladesh.
According to the bill passed by the KHADC today, the Liatkhorh Constituency will no longer exist but will be renamed as Langkyrdem/Laitkroh Constituency and instead of Laitkroh, Umsning Constituency will be created. It is located in Ri Bhoi District.
In the second leg, Doccan FC beat Nongpiur SC 2-0
“I would like to remind you that these incidents happen from time to time and they may be small incidents but what is big depends on something small,” said Bah Nongrum.
Carmo Noronha, Executive Director, Bethany Society, said, “It is a dream for those with disabilities to be able to ride bicycles on the road like others, but they don't have the opportunity to Amway has donated these tandem bicycles to this group and will fulfill what the children want. Amway India has donated this donation on the occasion of the International White Cane Day.
Due to the length of the border between Assam and Meghalaya which is about 900 km and the lack of laws and regulations in Meghalaya, there is an understanding that these 19 lakh people will not enter the state. The Government has suggested that due to the delay in setting up Entry and Exit Points, it would be better to set up temporary gates along the border to check mynder and to increase the number of guards at the infiltration check gates.
On this occasion, there was also a discussion to exchange views on the various schemes that the central government has for the benefit of the people.
A Static Surveillance Team has been stationed near the office of the Deputy Commissioner for the General Election to the Lok Sabha
“The most important part of bringing pride is to continue to take steps to improve the quality of our products,” said Bah Maqbool Lyngdoh Suiam, ODOP-State Nodal Officer.
Chyne said that according to the information received, the incident occurred at 1:30 pm and the search for Marshall will continue until he is found. covered with a synrum garbage.
One of the results of this policy is the 'Whole of Government Work' of the Modi Government in which the collaboration of various departments strengthens the policy.
Police have admitted that the arrest of these persons was made after another attempt to blow up a bomb by the HNLC. Mawhati at 6.00 pm on 11/3/2024 by Damanbha Ripnar.
Referring to this decision, the Chief Minister said that the government has set a license fee of T.7500 tyngka and this has to be renewed every year and the tax fee for 10 chests of the government. will charge T.100 tyngka and winemakers are exempt from the Value Added Tax.
Let the law do its thing (and) we will know the facts," he added.
When the SP News Agency investigated the collapse of the GS Road from Lat Umroi to Dawki, it was found that the GS Road from Lat Umroi to Dawki has been handed over to the NHIDCL. twa falls under the jurisdiction of the company of the central government.
The Prime Minister also acknowledged the grievances of the people from all over the country and the government is struggling to resolve the issues.
Buses carrying patients to NEIGRIMHS from other States should be allowed to enter the State if they are not infected.
Due to the beating and torture by the police, Bah Bull could not recover from his illness and passed away on November 7, 1994 at the age of 42 years.
He said that the Shillong-Mawlai Bypass road which passes through Umsaw village is the result of his hard work and the village leaders and now it has been completed and the work is progressing, besides the installation of Floodlights. at the Heh Stadium to clean up the ground.
On the part of Jainism, SK Singh said that the most important thing is that as human beings we should be quick to forgive the mistakes of others.
Nature takes care of us like a mother and fills our world with beautiful colours," he added.
The Government is looking forward to creating a market for indigenous products.
At this meeting, they decided to leave the Congress party because of this misbehavior of the party.
The ceremony was conducted by Archbishop Dominic Jala in the presence of the priests. this field to spread the Catholic faith.
All three of them will represent Meghalaya in the drawing competition.
The stone that we brought to East Pakistan used to be called Mawshun.
Shillong, November 13: HITO today met with the Director of Health Services (DHS) to discuss the problems faced by the people of Saphai PHC and the land problems. Government health care in Jaintia Hills.
He said CCTV is a big part of the world.
On the other hand, the farmers expressed their dissatisfaction with the kilo cut and said that they will continue to unite and expressed their congratulations and encouragement for the visit of the members of the HFU. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commandar Shangpliang President of the Hill Farmer Union said that although the Union has banned the illegal harvesting of agricultural products, it has not been able to resolve the issue. and he stood up to show his servants.
The union has lodged a complaint against the Sordar Police Station in Shillong after receiving a complaint from the public that there are robbers who have phoned They and these exploiters have phoned to deceive the people to benefit from various schemes of the central government.
Shillong, Nailar 01: A raid on Gare Rongdi village in South Garo Hills District this morning by the militants. that they had received credible intelligence that there were militants in the area.
From 12 Barato Mukroh: Riyoo Sten (IND), Hilarius Dkhar (IND), Paya Dhar (INC), Callingson Laloo (IND) and Currentis Rabon (IND).
He said that the goal of all of them is to improve the security measures.
Shillong, Lber 14: Replying to a question by Amapreen Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has sent a letter to the Central Government to oppose the Central Government's proposal to amend the Bill. IAS officers to the states.
The GHADC should have issued letters to the people who have failed to pay taxes to the office but the lack of staff has put the office in a difficult situation.
The meeting decided to increase the presence of the Police so that they can provide services and curb the spread of drugs.
At the same time, the Election Commission has clarified that the works of the NERP are still ongoing along with the registration of new names. can rules.
The village also congratulated the people, the political parties who have given their support to the village and said that such incidents should not happen again which affects the peace and order of the people in the village.
This block has been separated from the Selsella Block which is the largest block in Garo Hills and the creation of this new block will greatly assist the people of this area in terms of economic development.
“This year we are doing a Poster and Banner Campaign in memory and tribute to the five people who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country and the nation.
: The North Eastern Council, Shillong will hold a one-day meeting on the 19th of this month at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The General Secretary of the HNLC has admitted that the HNLC has received information that there are some leaders of the Bhalang who are involved in illegal activities and it is sad to know that there are such leaders. Out of the 34 coal factories in Jaintia Hills, 14 have been approved within three months.
“I have understood how overcrowded inside the Shillong District Jail is because the capacity of Shillong District Jail is only 170 but at present there are 440 prisoners. “There are times when the prisoners have to sleep even in bedrooms,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The BSF from the 100 Battalion today conducted a raid on schools in the border villages with Bangladesh at Dalu village in West Garo Hills District.
The items donated by the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills include a cupboard, 5 spoons, 1 knife, 18 steel plates, 2 tables, 100kg of rice, 52kg of rice, 10kg of dial and According to a statement sent by Streamly N Suchen, Assistant Secretary General, Sur U Paitbah, Khliehriat.
In the petition, the HYC also demanded that the police department should strengthen the Infiltration Unit, to ensure that foreigners should not enter illegally at will. and after the judgment they were driven back to the land from which they came.
The desire to understand that India has risen.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 01: The residents of Maweit area have been angry over the excessive deterioration of the Nongstoin Maweit road, which has caused traffic jams for hours. u Why.
The party also strongly condemns the action of the police who arrested and arrested the MPDA leader, because he is not a criminal but only a leader of the nation.
Shillong, July 23: The Shillong Police Traffic Department has set up a Police Booth at Rihno in the middle of the footpath. .
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to change the laws of the Hima forest in Mawpat.
Prestone said this was done to ask for God's protection against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Officials from the education department include Bah B. Tariang, Senior Consultant Civil Work and Bah R. Mawroh, Principal Consultant, as well as the contractor and the village leaders of Patharkhmah.
'The Khasi of old, although he was in the dark, he was wise because he knew and feared God.
Shillong, March 24: Ka ICARE has explained to the public that it stands on the grounds to oppose the curfew because if it is too long and too long, it affects traffic, income and livelihood especially of the poor. peace and education of the youth in the state.
Shillong, Lber 06: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has decided to submit the appointment letters to MeECL on 20/02/1 She met with the MeECL authorities and promised that the issuance of appointment letters to these Jugali youths will be done before 03/03/1
The Chief Minister said that they have not yet set a date for such a meeting as the DCs have been directed to hold more meetings to discuss in detail.
They were selected by a delegation of two countries, India and Japan. During their visit to Japan, they will meet with Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and his Cabinet. The North East of India is more special in traditional culture.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: According to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court in WP(C) No.229/2015 dated They have caused a stir among the vendors on the streets.
After the Speaker did not allow the adjournment motion, the opposition turned to the Speaker's house to tied the table and demanded that he should allow it but the Speaker stopped it. This is the meeting of the council.
He said that KHNAM wants a government that is not ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the Central Government because if the BJP comes to power, it will implement the Citizenship Registration Certificate. The National Population Register (NPR), the National Register of Citizens (NRC) and these will create problems for the minorities in India, he added.
The theme of the first day of the workshop was PM GatiShakti National Master Plan and the second day was National Logistics Policy.
Shillong, Iaiong 19: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills today sent a letter to the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong in charge of the electricity department expressing their opposition to the electricity supply. Installation of Smart Meters in Jaintia Hills.
The Minister of State for Child Development did not visit.
The discussion should be based on the acceptance of the people.
In this meeting, the District Councils also informed the Minister that there is no need to implement the Building Bye Law in the rural areas as the State is not in its zone. walk the path of Jumai.
Bah Tariang said that in July, they had staged a protest by holding a flag inside the teachers' room, but suddenly one of the teachers and he went out, and spake unto the people that came that day.
The total number of recoveries so far is 832 including 43 recoveries today. The number of samples tested positive is 76762, the number of negative samples is 74,2 There are 451 of them.
Robert said that this meeting with the Minister is not a new demand but to remind the government that the same demand has already been submitted to the Prime Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma has been in the state and the current government is led by Conrad K Sangma.
It can be said here that this program has helped a lot in preserving the traditional customs and traditions of the jaidbynriew.
“When asked, Bah Sadon Blah said, “Bah Tarson is a very old member of the party and I have told the SP that Tarson is the Disciplinary Secretary of the party. to be involved in this matter is unacceptable.
The Government is still looking for ways to supply electricity to these villages which have not yet received through the schemes of the Central Government to allocate funds to supply electricity to these villages.
On the other hand, the Father urged the Officer Club to take a decision on his suggestion.
The workshop was also held as part of the program on “Empowered Indian” and “Thriving and Sustainable Economy”.
This shows the restoration of the traditional identity after independence.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The VDP Nongjrong has held a special meeting in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency.
Dajied is from Umthied village in West Khasi Hills District. He works with Bah Kynsai Dkhar in Nongjri.
lest it lead to divisions within the villages, and worse, it leads to divisions within the villages.
At this meeting, it was decided to invite the Electricity Department to give its opinion on the supply of electricity to the people of the state.
In the northeast of India and in the state of Meghalaya.
The Minister also announced the allocation of T.800 crore under the two schemes for Assam.
The training will start tomorrow morning and will continue until the 16th of this month. Paytm staff will show the public how to buy from shops and owners. shop too.
According to information, the cleaning was conducted without the permission of the Deputy Commissioner and it is illegal to conduct it.
The Customs Department has conducted public hearings at KRIPA Foundation, Shillong on the 25th and 26th of this month.
In this letter, the JYF expressed its satisfaction that the government has created this new district, but also asked whether the creation of the district will be meaningful if they are not enough. offices.
At these meetings, all the participants expressed their satisfaction that the MGNREGS scheme has been a blessing to the people and has transformed all the villages in the area. Central Scheme has improved the livelihood of the people, and that this scheme needs to continue as there are still many shortcomings that need to be addressed.
The Prime Minister's Office has started receiving requests for donations to support the Government during this time of great crisis.
Shillong, Nailar 17: St Joseph Catholic Church Mawbsein has set a good example through the Rangbah Balang Bah Albinus Nongrum to build a house for three sisters and children in the midst of many difficulties. They worked hard to complete their studies.
The students were informed that the Village, Raid and Hima Headmen can be removed from any office by the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima, if there is a wrongdoing and if they no longer have the confidence of the Village Authority. They were also surprised, through the speech of Bah John F Kharshiing, to learn that in the Khasi traditional rule there is a system of election in which they elect 'the one who has the most will' He said that the winner should get 90 out of 100 votes and explained that the Khasi traditional rule is not by majority in which even if there is only 10 votes, the winner is the winner.
Farmer groups along the Umngot River today held a public meeting with the same voice to protest until they receive a written letter from the government that the Umngot Hydro Electric Project has been cancelled.
The former MCS officer said his aim in joining the BJP was to provide better services to the people.
For the largest family in the world, living together is not a necessity because of where we are but a source of joy reflected in our Republic Day celebration.
Speaking on the joint responsibility of all groups including the Government, the Village Authorities and the Residents, he said, Meghalaya cannot achieve progress through the work of the Government alone.
The three dioceses are the Archdiocese of Shillong, the Diocese of Jowai and the Diocese of Nongstoin.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat, while talking to reporters, said that the border dispute between the two states was scheduled to be discussed today but they could not. The Chief Secretary of Assam has been unable to leave for Assam immediately due to unavoidable circumstances.
He said that out of these, 19.74 crore voters are between the ages of 21 to 29 years.
These two departments of the KSU have warned to strengthen their surveillance in these areas as part of the efforts to curb the addiction of youth to this dangerous drink.
Hundreds of taxis have been parked in front of the Civil Hospital, which has caused a heavy traffic jam on the Shillong-Jowai Highway starting from the Civil Hospital Shillong Road.
Police have urged the public if anyone has any information or sighting of the child to inform the police at the following telephone numbers, 0364-2222277, 0364-2 at Lumdiengjri police station.
Due to the shortage of people who have Aadhaar cards and many people are in trouble at these times , the Seng has already written to the State Government to talk to the Government of India to We feel that helping the poor and needy is more important than asking for Aadhaar card from people.
We have been able to live in peace now through the struggle of our ancestors, we too must stand up and fight now for the peace of our descendants.
Shillong, March 28: Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah on the Environmental Impact Assessment, 2020 announced by the Central Government.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: The 104th Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Khasi National Union (KNU) which will be held for three days started today at Weiking Square.
Regarding the announcement by the Prime Minister of India to allocate T.20 lakh crore, this will help in increasing the income of the people of India especially the poor. the book, such as farmers, market vendors, laborers who have to move from one place to another.
However, due to the silence of the police department, the leaders of these four circles have met urgently this evening and decided to call a 12 hour curfew on the 19th of this month.
As citizens of the country, whether we stay at home or abroad – we must ask ourselves how we can act for the glory of the country.
The RPF of the NF Railway ensure that those who appear before them are questioned and if they cannot produce the necessary documents, they are brought to justice.
As soon as they saw the police, the robbers opened fire but the police did not turn away as there were children and women near the forest.
Shillong, November 20: The BJP has submitted its ticket for the Shillong North Constituency to the Working President of the Congress Party, Bah Don War. Congress President Roshan Warjri.
New Delhi, July 25: On the occasion of the 72nd Republic Day, the President's Police Medal has been awarded to policemen by the Office of the President of India. for outstanding bravery and a Police Medal for their outstanding performance.
It is learned that among the four persons who were seriously injured, one of them was injured. The earth, it is said, even though they recognize the shape of the earth, because they work closely to the name they know.
The Governor expressed his appreciation to the students of the university for doing well in their jobs, especially in winning the Chief. Minister's E Championship Challenge 2020 and PRIME Meghalaya CM Entrepreneurial Challenge  2020-21.
Shillong, Naitung 11: A group of employees of EMRI 108 today met with the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong to discuss their issues. EMRI 108 employees have met.
On this occasion, Paul donated T.40,000/- tyngka to the KAS as a sign of his involvement within the KAS to strengthen the KAS. 135 people.
Shillong, July 22: The Meghalaya government has appointed a Magisterial Inquiry to investigate the Tura incident and has directed that the inquiry should be completed within two months.
In a statement, the Finance Department of the State Government said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the curfew, the state's revenue from the Central Government will be affected in this year. for the fiscal year 2020-2
Following the announcement by the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued an order on 14th June to inform about the extension of the curfew in India until the 3rd. and January, 2020.
On the other hand, the pastor demanded that the government should provide adequate treatment to the injured and should provide adequate assistance to the family members of the deceased.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The incumbent Executive Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) B Basaiawmoit will retire from her post tomorrow morning. Mr. RS Wanniang.
The media provides information to the public about what happened in that area and the public receives information through the media.
The cyclone Remal which started on the 26th of this month and lasted until the 28th of this month has claimed the life of one person in Sutnga Weilong village, Wapung C&RD Block. , East Jaintia Hills District.
However, despite these guidelines, such incidents are still happening," he said.
U Bah D.Khongsit alleged that those who get contract jobs are only those who know the way, the purpose of holding this rally is to demand from the government to abolish this contract job.
The purpose of this single account is to bring about transparency and transparency in the transfer of funds and the last amount received is in October 2022 which is T.49 crore. .
Police have also arrested two persons, Pritish Nath and Rabindra Sinha, both from Tripura.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) today said that it has given 21 days to the government to complete the recruitment of all the vacant posts or they will take a strike.
The HYC has also requested for the Bill and the opinions of the central government so that the HYC can look into it and so that the HYC can submit their opinions to the government.
It may be recalled that the SDO of Pynursla has already imposed a curfew under his jurisdiction and this is within five kilometers from zero point along the Pynursla Civil Sub Division.
In 51-South Tura, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, Charlotte W Momin of the Congress while two others, John Leslee K Sangma and Kris Kabul A Sangma have filed their nominations. private candidate.
The Returning Officer of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has urged the public to refrain from spreading these messages. false news prevents us from being able to maintain peace.
On the other hand, the BSF distributed Cups to the winners and runners-up.
Government authorities have allowed shopkeepers in the villages to come to buy food only on Monday for East Khasi Hills District and other districts like Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. only on the second day.
It was also directed that all villages should have a register of residents and this register should be submitted to the police every month as a way to prevent the entry of illegal immigrants. at the bar.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to take part in this program and congratulated the Minister and all the staff of the Legislative Assembly. The Transport Department of the State for expediting the opening of the DTO office in the district as part of bringing Khadar rule closer to the people.
Participants from all over the districts have arrived today.
It is to be recalled that the KJBWA has banned the sale of cow meat in Ri Khasi for six months to express that they can no longer buy cow meat due to the high price of cow meat due to the spread of smuggling to Bangladesh.
Granting land title rights through recognized documents will enable villagers to get financing from banks using their assets as collateral, he added.
Munaisohra, June 03: According to the Block Development Officer of Ranikor Block, South West Khasi Hills District, 100 houses have been destroyed by the cyclone and cold weather. There are 1598 households.
Besides the speeches at the opening session, there will be three technical sessions on the second day to explain the rules as follows: At the Technical Session -1 on 19th June 2024 there will be a discussion on the acceptance of the implementation of the Indian National Constitution, 2023 (BNS).
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Police have arrested the President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, Ferdinand K Kharkamni from Nongpoh.
Police investigation has revealed that although the robbers had dared to break into these shops, they did not take any goods or merchandise from the shops, but they robbed them. The money stolen from the shop of Bah Rocky Marweiñ has reached T.7,000 and from other shops.
He explained that the central government has paid special attention to opening food factories in the North East.
On the other hand, the CoMSO will continue to follow up and remind everyone on this and hope that they will take responsibility to protect the state from the dangers of the illegal entry of foreigners.
The meeting was attended by the Adviser of the KSU Delhi, Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej, according to a statement sent by Samla Nicholas Chyrmang, General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi Unit.
He said that the union has seized more drugs from a 24-year-old foreign woman and said that the union has seized drug users from Keatinge Road and Parking Lot. MUDA. He said that the party does not trust the police department because the more they arrest, the more drug users increase.
It is learned that at this time they tried to cleanse him at that time, they asked him to apologize and they asked him to touch the foot which did not work. Rajendar Kumar and others are not remembered.
At the meeting held in front of the statue of Wohkiang Nangbah opposite the Civil Hospital, other speakers urged the NESO not to end up with this meeting to demand the abolition of the AFSPA from the North East. India is not a country but it must continue to demand.
Shillong, July 08: Alumni of JNU Shillong today held a rally at Madan Iewrynhep to strongly condemn the incident inside Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). Teachers and students were injured in the robbery on the 3rd of this month.
When the mother was assaulted by Rahman, she fled the house with her daughter for fear of going to the house of her neighbours. there were people asleep.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The BJP Mawsynram Mandal has alleged that a doctor appointed at Mawsynram CHC has been taking his salary from Mawphlang CHC for the past two years.
Bah Pariat said that the success of the fish farming industry in the state is due to the cooperation of the people and at the same time from the people in the financial sector.
Prestone's statement came after allegations that the BJP and the NPP are the same party two days after the BJP High Command decided not to contest. Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and Agatha Sangma from Tura Parliamentary seat.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs confirmed that both the sides and the Prime Ministers have wanted to meet and now it is time to set a date for the meeting.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award was held at Raj Bhavan in the presence of Governor Phagu Chauhan as the chief guest in the presence of Minister of State Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
In another incident, Bah Ratsingstar Ramsiej has lodged a complaint with the Mawkyrwat Police Station that on the 27th of this month, an unidentified person has raped a child. four years in the market.
Kasparline said the DHS has clarified that all the documents related to the salaries of the employees have been sent to the Government and it is up to the Government to fulfill the remaining duties.
Jowai, Naitung 08: As usual once a year, after the planting of the seeds of Phniang in the fields, the children of the Seinraij Jowai will hold this festival. and the Behdeinkhlam festival in Jowai which will start on the 10th and end on the 13th of this month.
Champion Sangma is currently in Shillong jail after being arrested from Pyrdiwah in East Khasi Hills District. The party leader Reding T Sangma has left and formed another rebel group.
In the midst of the brightness of heaven, the Priests and Religious men and women took part in the Holy Mass.
The inauguration ceremony of the newly constructed school building funded by the Asian Development Bank at a cost of T.1.83 crore was held at the school in the presence of the MLA of the area, Bah Sanbor Shullai. He has worked hard to get this fund from the state government.
Latest reports from the Forest Department of the state government told SP News Agency that the government has not only banned the smuggling of rynga but has now declared it illegal.
Union Minister in charge of Parliamentary and Minority Affairs Kiren Rijiju and other ministers.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that there are some moments in every history of the country that we celebrate.
At the same time, Bah Tihunmon said that these 106 households want to ask the question where does the Rangbah Shnong get this power to increase without listening to the complaints of the people? villager Village.
u la bat ha lade ia ki departments, Commerce and Industry department, Agriculture Department, Mining and Geology department, Personnel and A.R Department, Planning  Department, Finance  Department, Tourism Department and others department not allotted to any ministers.
Shillong, Nailur 05: U BDO of Jirang C&RD Block, Bah HK Thabah, while speaking at a public meeting at Center Village, New Jirang to explain the schemes of the government, said that the scheme for the construction of houses for the The scheme has been increased to T.20 lakh after the renaming of the PMAY. This scheme was formerly known as IAY, where the people receive only T.75 thousand tyngka.
More than 11.57 crore animals have been vaccinated so far and the vaccination is ongoing.
Shillong, Iaiong 26: A petrol bomb has exploded at the residence of the Chief Minister's Secretary, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in Nongmynsong this morning.
In the meeting with officials from the five states of the North East and Central Government departments, Kishan Reddy pointed out some of the key issues for the development of the region.
Explaining the number of Hima, Elaka in Khasi Jaintia and Garo, the French Consul General asked about the status of the Hima and Elaka which do not appear in the list of Khasi States. The French Consul General, John F Kharshiing, has informed the French Consul General that all the Chiefs of the Federation of Khasi States.
Shillong, July 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to request the State Government to allocate land for the Council in New Shillong Township. .
Tura, November 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad Sangma today handed over tablets to the students of Tura for Class XII at the Tura Government College Auditorium in the presence of many dignitaries. and college faculty.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Ashahel D Shira said that the MPTC will provide another option for the people of the state after all these political parties in the state have failed because they could not provide the necessary employment.
Instead of the government immediately repairing and ensuring, the party sees itself as a misguided leader of the people.
Ivanlumlang Marbaniang said that these three MDCs have sent a meeting with the ministers and they have admitted that they are still in the party but they have said that they have an agreement with the KHDA to get shuki Executive Member.
The hospital has worked with Vasudeva Vilasam from Kerala on how to treat people with herbal medicines.
The National Green Hydrogen Mission was launched with an allocation of T.19,744 crore to promote green hydrogen activities in the country and accelerate India's efforts to produce 4 MT of green hydrogen in the country. per year and an investment of about T.1 lakh crore from the export of fuel and electricity by
Shillong, Nailur 08: The NPP-led Meghalaya government has decided that the CrPC and CPC will come into force in all courts in the state.
The team of journalists also visited the stalls of government schemes set up to provide information about government schemes in order to fully implement the schemes and benefit the people who have not yet received the benefits. of these schemes.
Speaking at a meeting held at Quallapaty today, he said that the most important thing is to make people shyrian to commit crimes, or to prevent crimes, once they have been prevented. from evil, this shall keep thee from evil.
On the other hand, the families of those who were trapped in the coal mine have no hope of survival but their hope is that if possible, the bodies of those who were trapped in the coal mine will be recovered. cave.
Rev. Andrew R. Marak spoke on their return home.
Speaking to reporters after talks with the civil society, the Chief Minister said the government has worked hard to implement these schemes under the Special Accelerated Road Development Program for the community. North Eastern Region of India (SARDP-NE) and these roads cannot be used for uranium mining.
This clash between the Karbi and Pnars has happened from time to time despite the attempts of the Assam and Meghalaya Governments to negotiate the border settlement for the second time this time.
The purpose of constructing these roads is to facilitate the transportation of UCIL to this place.
Let us not allow this to happen.
All this happened after Ms Marbarisha was encouraged by her son's interest in shooting pistols and as time went by, Ms Marbarisha used to take her son to train in pistol shooting. pistol shooting training.
Members of the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit in collaboration with the Police of Laban Police Station on the evening of 4 August 2018 ( Hundreds of liters of Kyiad Pyrsi were seized from a Tourist Taxi with registration. No: ML05Q 4863.
It is understood that Meghalaya still has many villages which do not have internet, but the POS machines have been built in such a way that whether there is internet or not, the POS will work. In areas where there is no Internet, the POS system will be uploaded to the server of the Central Food and Civil Supplies Department.
The meeting also discussed the preparations for the elections, expenditure management, electoral roll, IT applications, information management, EVM/VVPAT, SVEEP strategy, information and more.
Shillong, November 02: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA, MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency on Saturday inaugurated the Dorbar Hall of Laitkyrhong Village in Knan. of the people has been achieved.
Answering a supplementary question by Bah Sunn, the Minister said that the rich have taken money to provide medical treatment to the sick and for the poor the government has taken care of them. Hey.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah MR Synrem today issued a notice that on 23rd October 2020 and on 26th October 2020, commercial taxis and Auto Rickshaws will be allowed. only 25% will earn on the street.
Guwahati, Nov 19: BJP Central Body Spokesperson Tarun Vijay, while talking to reporters in Guwahati today, said that Guwahati and Shillong could become the centres. of education if used properly.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The HANM Southern Balat Border Branch has expressed its anger that the coal trucks coming from Nongjri have crossed the border and the Balat road at Nongthymmai village has collapsed due to the collapse of the coal road. of overloading of coal trucks, said the union leaders.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the budget for the year 2017-2018 with a deficit of T.40,030/-. -.
Leaders of Umta Youth Welfare Sports Club and Mawphru Jongngi FC have tried to phone the leaders of RBYC Umden Circle to discuss the issue but they have not come to the stadium.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Shopkeepers in different villages in East Khasi Hills District are still facing difficulties in coming to buy goods from Shillong as the government authorities are still allowing only one day for the villagers. .
He said that it is because of this tortious work of this company which has put the people in a difficult situation where they have had to face the water shortage in the village as a whole, although from The village authorities have tried to resolve the issue but it was found that the company has no feeling on this issue.
The award ceremony was held at Salem Secondary School Laitkor today where 31 students were awarded prizes for passing their examinations. 75% marks.
Embhahlang Syiemlieh from East Shillong Constituency, 16-East Shillong Constituency, Bindo M Lanong, 17-North Shillong Constituency, Joe Marwein, 18-West Shillong Constituency, Paul Lyngdoh, 21- Nongthymmai Constituency Dr Jemino Mawthoh, 25-Mawsynram Constituency Dr Donkupar Roy, 26-Shella Constituency Dr Donkupar Roy.
Shillong, July 16: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has won the elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) 2019 with the nomination of BJP MDC from Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency Bah Neil. Antonio War.
On this day, thousands of believers have come to take part in this procession, to show that they are united in the faith whether they live in this part of the world. one of them is Jesus.
The leaders of the union after meeting with the leaders of NEHUSU have received various complaints which are unacceptable and which have reached the point of affecting the rights of women.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The State Government is ready to welcome the people of Meghalaya to return to their hometowns and has arranged four entry points namely Ratacehra East Jaintia. Hills, Byrhinat Ri Bhoi District, Bajengdoba and Tikrikilla.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Police outposts in Jaintia Hills have faced the problem of supplying only 150 liters of petrol per month and only 5 liters per month.
A lot of this is because of private sector in India.
The MLA of Ri Bhoi District has informed the DC of Ri Bhoi District of the incident.
through the internet.
She said that the virus is not a new disease in our state and we don't have the means to prevent it. They don't want to see the number of cases of covid-19 increase so much that they have to stay in their homes.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle led by Assistant Organizing Secretary Korbar Marthong on Saturday seized a pickup (AS18 AC 6193) which was covered with bars. They were coming from Assam and entered through the Infiltration Check Gate at Aradongnga village, West Khasi Hills District.
If government vehicles can be provided to make a living the consumption of road space is not less, private commercial vehicles should not be encouraged, but that all depends on the government elected by the people to take the rai, this is the general response of the lat when there are such traffic jams.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, today said that the injection needles seized from Ksehkhohlong village were seized by the Nongstoin Police Station in the presence of that magistrate.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Members of COMSO today visited NEHU and NIT Shillong to commemorate the Union Minister of Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank.
On the basis of the provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement agreed between the Government of India and the Khasi States and signed by the Governor General Shri C Rajagopalachari, on 17th August
Shillong, Nailur 18: “The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has held an emergency meeting on 18.09.2018 to discuss the letter received from the Khasi Author's Society regarding the public meeting. will be on the 22nd.
Dr Mukul said that as the opposition in Meghalaya, they have done what they have to do, but in India, the opposition has not done anything. For example, even though they won the majority in 2018, they were not able to form a government.
This test is only available if they go to government health centers or are households recognized as poor, but this too if they go to private health centres, the government has not provided it. don't head them.
The Central Government has collected revenue of T.32,493 crore and the State Governments have collected T.40,257 crore in the month of June this year.
In a statement sent by Bah Damonmi SDkhar, General Secretary of the Seng, “Bah Arful is not a criminal and the Government will prosecute him, while the CEM of JHADC who has been accused of stealing “In fact, they wanted to postpone the MDC election, but at the request of various political parties and the people, they stopped it,” he said. the purpose.
On the other hand, the Speaker urged the Leader of the Opposition to bring forward the same wish in the form of a motion, resolution or Zero Hours' Notice.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing.
At the Dorbar Paik or Dorbar Shnong held on 26th June 2016, the Executive Body was elected in accordance with Section 22 of the JHADC Act and their term of office was confirmed for three years. without any opposition from any party or individuals.
The residents of these villages are urged to collect their Aadhaar Cards from the Shillong GPO. This is because the address registered in Aadhaar is not sufficient.
: A day after the Government of India released the Rule of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019, the North East Students Organization (NESO) on Tuesday. The Rule of the Act was burnt in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) at Lower Lachaumiere, Shillong.
All vehicles leaving Shillong to Umrynjah have to pass through the VIP Road to Mawlai Mawkynroh, while vehicles leaving Shillong to Guwahati have to pass through the bridge. Damsite.
Even if he has a holiday, he should have sent his employees to stay in the office so that it will not be a loss to the public especially those who come from far away and those who have to spend the day and the money spent in Ranikor. I don't know when this office will open.
“We will not cooperate with any party.
Under this, more than 1,000 members of the group have surrendered and returned to the community.
Jaintia Hills Ïasiat Khnam Kiang Nangbah Memorial Society (JIKKNMS).
Even after 48 hours, the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) under the leadership of 2nd in Command Bah B. Sahkhar has rushed to Marten to search for Bah Marshall in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board. , but until now they have not found the body of Bah Marshall Marweiñ who was buried alive in the collapse of the garbage dump in Marten.
Maieid Hoping and other leaders of the jaidbynriew in the past have spoken well about this, Bah Adernt has brought a resolution in the House earlier and Kong Ampareen has now brought a resolution.
They also discussed the private universities in the state and especially the CMJ University and the lack of staff of NEIGRIHMS. to the leader of the party on what is happening in this state.
Mizoram connecting Bhairabi in 2016 and Tripura in 2016 and the railway connecting Arunachal Pradesh and Delhi were completed in
To explain this, the Commissioner gave an example that if the government has allocated T.10000/- for the treatment of the disease, the cost is T.11000/- tyngka. - money the patient has to pay the maximum amount of the prescribed amount out of pocket.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today introduced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill,
In this regard, the Chief Minister of Assam said that there is a need to work together to curb these crimes committed by the Meghalaya insurgents on the border such as kidnapping, extortion. These crimes require joint reporting on the part of the security forces to bring peace.
The Association is also surprised to learn through the Affiliated Clubs that the Association has not held any League Football Tournament in the 1st and 2nd Division since last year.
: The head is a person who doesn't have a lot of knowledge.
The meeting was conducted by Mrs. Lista Thongni, President of St. Cecilia Catholic Church. The memorandum was read out by Bah Shiningstar Lyngdoh. Speeches by Bah Areston Syiemlieh, Church Leader and Bah Lamphrang Syiemlieh.
On the part of all those who spoke on this occasion, they expressed their gratitude for the contribution of (L) Terence Rynjah. There is still on the face of this earth where the people of the city will proclaim forever and ever.
“We will always oppose corruption and let those who deserve it deserve it," he added.
Andrew Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong Laitumkhreh, said that the fire broke out at around 4 pm or less. The cause of the fire is still unknown. the law is still investigating.
At this place, the Behdeinkhlam began with the arrival of the Wasan under the leadership of Pator to hold a thanksgiving ceremony for the Syiem of Aitnar followed by the arrival of the Symbud Khnong Blai.
If passed, this bill will have a major impact on the people of the North East.
They are now in the custody of the police for further investigation.
The villages visited by the delegation today are Hahim, Aradonga, Tuhiapara, Malang, Salbari and Athibari. and Assam.
Shillong, January 31 : The Meghalaya football team emerged as the champions, clinching a sensational 2-0 victory over Punjab in the highly anticipated finals of the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 held in Chennai on January 31.
The Government has ensured that while struggling to maintain peace and order, it must also take the trust of the people and it is on this basis that this Government is moving forward.
All India Radio should stop broadcasting and vehicles should stop moving on the road and stop for two minutes.
The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya has decided to cancel the Cabinet decision of 2009 to approve the allocation of 422 hectares of land in Domiasiat and Mawthabah areas of South West Khasi Hills to UCIL. for pre-mining activities within the area.
The Expert Committee has been appointed to look into the opinions of the residents by taking the opinions of all those involved in the meeting. This committee will consult with all those who give their opinions. In the end, when they take any decision, it will be fair to all the citizens of Meghalaya. “Such a committee cannot be set at any time, but the important thing is that the government has opened the door for the people to inform, to set a time again would be wrong,” said Dr.M. Ampareen Priest.
He said that since the time of the Congress government until now, this area has been neglected even though it is an area which has generated a lot of money for the state government as revenue. The area is still waiting for the Block to be established after the Budget Session.
At the same time, he urged that the skills they have should be passed on to the future generations so that this treatment will not be lost only to the people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister in charge of Water Supply, who were present at the scene, visited the scene to ensure that the injured policemen receive treatment. This news is still ongoing.
There are 15 new cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 in Ri Bhoi, 1 in South West Garo Hills. Garo Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 3 cases.
Police said they do not know the name of the woman and are conducting investigation to find out the name and track down the perpetrators.
On the other hand, the JSU leaders after receiving information from the villagers that these authorities inside the village have planned to build a large church within the boundary of the village without permission. The union has immediately stopped this illegal construction which has been done by these mynder.
On the other hand, the DC said that if they do not comply, they will have to stop but it has been arranged today and since morning it has been going smoothly as she has explained to the farmers how to do so that there will be no incident.
Ethylene is a hormone found in soybeans and is related to the growth and other characteristics of crops.
According to sources, the East Garo Hills Police have rushed to the scene to search for the suspects and the search is ongoing.
“We don't want to insult or condemn these people but we should find ways and means to help them because this kind of work is not right for them, many of them are The women who have been involved in prostitution may be due to being left alone or coming from poor families but this is unacceptable to the society”.
After this, the leaders of the union went to meet the DC of East Jaintia Hill to seek permission from him to get the registration and to check the documents used by the Dkhar to apply Aaddhaar number. On the other hand, the union has also demanded that the DC should remove all the Addhar Numbers which have been issued through the Dkhar.
The meeting was conducted by Romesh Juwel Sohlamar in Lyngngam and was attended by many Khasi and other ethnic groups living in Bangladesh including Meiieid Relimai Sohlamar who turned 93 years old. age.
Little by little the power of knowledge has entered our country and at first most of those who went to school were men and women were not sent to school, but gradually women also took part in going to school.
The meeting was convened in preparation for the MDC elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to be held in
The Meghalaya Land Transferred Act is still weak and incomplete especially when it has been amended to allow religions. , schools, factories to get peaceful land and also to allow Non Tribals to inherit land from each other.
The union requests the Union Minister to take action against the SSA teachers and if possible to suspend the order of the state government, the union will welcome if The salary of SSA teachers is paid according to their longevity.
Speaking to media, Dr.B Cruise, Project Director, said that up to 2500 participants including senior officers from various departments will take part in the Red Fest.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The BJYM of Meghalaya has burnt the portrait of Punjab Cabinet Minister Navjot Sidhu Singh.
To date, there have been signboards which have been posted by the Forest Department of Manipur prohibiting and warning the Khasi landowners to farm and plant in the area. but the Bengalis and the Meitei continued to take advantage of the land of the Khasi people.
Nomination papers should be submitted on or before the above date to the Chairman or Secretary of the Election Committee.
Jymphangt 7:The Unitarian Church Jowai will hold a service to conclude the annual celebration of the 125th Anniversary of the church.
The principles of the HSPDP from the beginning until today, is that the party has stood firm on the principle of not allowing the mining of uranium in Meghalaya.
In Congress-ruled Rajasthan, people pay T.108.48/litre for petrol and T.93.80/litre for diesel, which is about T.12/litre higher than petrol and T.4/litre higher than petrol. The price of diesel in BJP-ruled Uttar Pradesh is T.96.57/litre and T.89.76/litre respectively.
In his speech, MDC Bah RV Lyngdoh urged the people to take precautionary measures. He expressed his concern that the spread of the disease in the state. He urged the public to listen to the explanation of the health workers and not to listen to those who say no.
In his speech, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa.im Latho Manik Syiem, said that education is the most important thing in life, without education life is empty.
To empower VDPs is necessary in collaboration with NGOs in the state and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, members of the DREAM Mission and the success of the fight against this. drugs have increased by 20%.
On this day, there was also a tree planting ceremony.
In his speech, Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the party will ensure that those MLAs who have left the party will win the upcoming elections because there are stronger candidates than them. Mukul Sangma.
We have already declared war against drugs and we request the Dorbar Shnongs to provide land for the setting up of Deaddiction and Rehabilitation Centers as the current Center has been built in Mawlai,” said Bah Paul.
The bill also aims to ensure that private high schools should have adequate teaching facilities according to the needs of the students as well as their tuition fees and for the benefit of the students. state and to protect the students studying in these Private universities.
The preparation of the NRC is without prejudice.
The union is deeply concerned that as the rainy season approaches, the Myntdu River will be affected by the flow of plastic and other waste into the river. the source of water used by the people.
He said that the Hima Dorbar is the most important Hima Dorbar in any Hima. The Hima Mylliem held the Hima Dorbar in the year 2000 and now after 18 years the Hima will get this Hima Dorbar again. .
New Delhi, June 11: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will distribute more than 1 lakh appointment letters to new employees on June 12, 2024 at 10:30 am through video conferencing.
Marngar said that this action of the government shows a lack of attention to the rule of law.
The benefit of the comprehensive fight against drugs is that while drugs seized worth only T.768 crore in 2006-13, this has increased by nearly 30 times to T.22,000 crore in 2014-22.181% more cases were filed against drug traffickers compared to the previous period.
He said that this eye care will help the residents who really need it especially those who are low income.
PrabhatPheri started for education, children talking about developed India at school meetings, rangoli made, and candles lit on the doorstep of every house.
She also respected India's decision on the war in Ukraine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Parliamentary Secretary to the Meghalaya Government in charge of Home Affairs and Education, Winnerson D Sangma today received an SMS demanding Rs 5 lakh. and u.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, the Seng said that the search of vehicles was due to the violence of the Pnars by the Karbi in the past few days.
Gradually, foreigners will increase and we will no longer be able to curb Benami activities.
All school offices in West Jaintia Hills District will be closed for these two days.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: While the people and leaders of Khasi & Jaintia Hills are busy electing their leaders to the District Council by casting their votes in every way, the people living in the border areas with Assam In Block 1 (Labang Nangphyllut District) they are still in the process of being tortured not by the Kaikhlaw but by the Karbi Anglong District Police.
Referring to the delay, he said that Meghalaya was independent in 2972 ​​and in 1975 two officers were sent for training abroad and returned in and these completed the drawing of the map in 1979-1
He advocates for the establishment and implementation of righteousness and truth.
He added that these revised lawsare an important step in supporting our athletes to make India strong in sports.
Before launching the book, in a short speech, Bah Drasting Marbaniang said that his writing is only about Mawsynram and this is the first book and now he is still writing. lum to produce another one in relation to the Mawsynram area.
On the other hand, the organization expects that the parakur para kha will attend the tournament.
Every year on the 5th of July around the world millions, billions and trillions of trees are planted with the participation of government authorities, NGOs, school children, community and others with the aim of bringing peace in the hills and rivers.
The General Secretary of the Shillong Youth Congress, Bah Anish Syiem, recalled that during the rule of the party Congress, the price of gas was 400 tyngka and now it has reached 1400 tyngka.
People have to register themselves by calling 108 or registering online.
To encourage children to come to school, the government has taken many measures, she said.
The G7, which also includes Canada, France, Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom, has close ties with China, the world's largest exporter and market leader. your business.
Lahkmen said on Twitter that soon the fees will be sent to the accounts of the students who should receive the fees than the government has provided. This was announced by the Minister of Education via his Twitter account.
Everyone is invited to attend this event as there is no charge.
Sohan Bhattacharjee ranked first in the top 10 with distinction in English, Computer Science, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Alternative English.
He said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has not only provided Jan-Dhan account, Aadhaar card and mobile, but has done a great job to provide optical fiber network in villages and gram panchayats. under the Digital India mission.
The aim is to encourage people to accept cycling as part of their daily activities so that they can have a strong body and avoid fatigue, injury, anxiety, disease and other other.
“A lot of plastic was collected by the tourists and a decision should be taken to make Krangsuri a plastic free place,” she said.
At present, the rivers in Meghalaya are irrigated only by rainfall.
On 23rd February a final was conducted for Compound Men Individual in which Chirag Vidyarthi from Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya won the Gold Medal, Adiya Dnyandev Gadadhe from Savitribai Phule Pune University MS won the Silver and Harpreet Singh   Maan from Chandigarh University won a Bronze Medal.
Furthermore, it has taken steps to recruit skilled musicians who have received training in various types of musical instruments.
At the meeting held in Shillong, all the speakers expressed that one of the issues is that the central government should withdraw the AFSPA from the North East. It has brought about the destruction of the people in this area.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said that there is corruption in the implementation of the Suabhagya scheme.
The recipients of the Fire Service Medal, Home Guards and Civil Defense Medal are Homesingh Khongjoh, HG, Bipul Khongwir, HG and Ambrush.
The KNGCSU has sent a letter to the Principal Secretary of Education Department, the two Directors of DHTE and DSEL regarding the students who have not yet been admitted to the College. The KNGCSU has demanded that the Government should find ways to admit these remaining students. The KNGCSU has also given the Government up to 5 days to admit them.
Shillong, March 13: The 'Ka Sur Ki Paidbah Ka Bri Hynniewtrep' today held a village protest at Madan Malki on the two months anniversary of the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. in your house in Mawlai.
These IEC vehicles aimed to inform the people about various schemes that benefit the people and also to encourage the participation of the people in the faith in “Jan Bhagidari” to ensure full implementation. of schemes.
After many years of calling, the KHADC authorities have recently drafted and approved bills called FKTC, then COTD, and now Subordinate Council.
In this regard, these domestic workers under the banner of the North Eastern Region Domestic Workers' Movement, which also received the support of the Extension Branch, Ferrando Transit Shelter Cum Children's Home, Mawlai-Mawdatbaki, The National Platform of Domestic Workers (NPC) will take part in the protest tomorrow.
Speaking on the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission, Conrad said, “Meghalaya is second in the country and we started with only 1%, and we have increased to 0.75% in
Food is an important part of the identity of the Garo people and their cooking methods are known by the names Kappa, Pura, Nakam, Watepa, Brenga, and others. There are more than 100 types of Garo culture.
This was announced by the State Nodal Officer of the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) Meghalaya, Dr. Lana E. Lyngdoh Nongbri while speaking at a state level workshop on the implementation of the WHO-FCTC Article 5.3 Policy in Meghalaya. 'My Meghalaya-Tobacco free-Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 12: In the past, it was said that people who don't know how to write their names are illiterate, but now the times have changed and those who don't know how to use computers are people who don't have the knowledge.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: UDP candidate Bah Bindo M Lanong today lodged a complaint with TSR Marak for holding a public meeting even after 7 pm.
Shillong, November 11: The North East Students Organization (NESO) today held a protest across the states of the region to protest against the 11th November as a dark day. The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) has been passed by Parliament today.
The Deputy Commissioner said that in case of any incident, please contact the District Operation Emergency Center 1077 and the District Disaster Management Officer
If we are willing to do this, by insisting on the achievement of the goals of the country in line with the Constitution, our country will take major steps towards economic development and prosperity. Your People's Government will be stronger.
The union in this meeting urged the government to increase the salary of those who have reached Class X from T.1500/- to T.3000/- according to the RPWD Act 2016 Chapter. V, section 24 clause- (h).
The JSU also alleged that those in charge of this work do not visit the working methods of the contractors who work in this work and the residents have already complained many times.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Government of Meghalaya today together with the international community in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSTWSO) has celebrated the International Women's Day. at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
From the very beginning there was a struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: Unidentified persons have broken into a house under construction at Mawlai Mawroh this morning at around 11.00 pm and bombed the workers. dang three bills.
When we gather in the Dorbar, we don't talk about the politics of India, for the benefit of one or two, but only how to preserve, preserve, enhance and improve the customs and traditions. and the Rights of the Son of Man.
These firearms were seized from Champhai District at Serchhip. In connection with the seizure of these fighter jets, two persons were arrested on suspicion of being smugglers. .
On this occasion, the MLA of Mawlai spoke about what the government has done for the people and at the same time he said that Mawlai still needs many development works especially in the area. side of the roads.
Shillong, November 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today congratulated the Prime Minister for handing over the PM Kisan Yojana to the farmers of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle led by its General Secretary Samla Lurman B Talang, in the presence of other members, on Tuesday met with the CEO of the Land Port Authority of India. new Government of India in Tamabil.
They work faster than other courts and conduct quick trials.
The state police have intensified their operations to fight against drug traffickers who want to destroy many youths in the state. This evil will not spread in this state.
Those who came to join hands were Bah Teibor Pathaw I MDC, Bah Hun Mylliemngap, Bah Wellbert Rani President FKJGP Central Body and Stanley Roy Construction who were willing to donate to the party.
It was also proposed to go to Mukroh as soon as possible to meet with the Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, Bah Hamboi Sumer and the family members of the deceased.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills said that the inspection of the border with Bangladesh in the Dawki-Tamabil areas will continue from tomorrow morning.
According to the report, 499 people have recovered from the disease today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 42,5
It also causes us to have rain that affects plants, fish in the sea, drought, earthquakes and other disasters.
This has caused the shopkeepers to reach the pedestrian streets and also against foreigners who trade without labor or trading licence.
Shillong, March 15: HANM Riwar Mihngi has visited Lyngkhong village after receiving a complaint that they are in the midst of smuggling from Bangladeshis. Shaibor is not a friend.
To improve employment opportunities, the Ri-Bhoi East Presbytery Women's Church together with the State Bank of India-Rural Self-Employment Training Institute, Umran have conducted a training on self-employment. to the members of the church especially for the young women and mothers.
“The UNDP is pleased to sign this MoU with the Ministry of Development.
Speech was delivered by the Congress MDC candidate Bah Deliverland Lyngdoh, who appealed to the people to give him the opportunity to work for the welfare of Mawkyrwat.
Due to the fact that today is Sunday, the BJP has not been able to celebrate today but the party will celebrate at its office on these days. the days to come.
Journalists from different parts of Maharashtra will visit Meghalaya and Assam from 29th March 2023 to 4th November 2023 as part of the Media Tour.
This village falls under the jurisdiction of Mawsynram Police Station.
The 12 MDCs who joined the PDF were welcomed by the president of the party, Bah Ivan Marbaniang, in the presence of party leaders from different constituencies. witness this day.
The tournament was invited by the Governor to inaugurate the new basketball court and tennis court at Raj Bahvan Shillong. The tournament was held for four days.
However, all this has happened only to delay the best things that have come to Meghalaya.
Therefore, the HNLC leaders have left for Bangladesh to meet with the leaders on this issue, what is the discussion, what is the recommendation and proposal made by the Government to the leaders,” he said. state.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chairman of GHADC Denang T Sangma said that 40 MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today went to raise the issue of no confidence. The Executive Committee was headed by Dipul R Marak as the Chief Executive Member.
“The Foundation has also informed the Dorbar Shnong before tackling the cleaning of the dewbilat along the river,” said Bah Nonglang. claim.
During this hour of curfew, even the streets, markets, shops, all the streets, and the police have conducted strict patrols all over Shillong such as Polo, Pynthorbah, Nongmynsong and other parts of Shillong.
Leaders of the Tour Guide Association of Meghalaya (TGAM) on Friday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to urge the District Council to The operation of foreign Tour Guide Operators to operate within the jurisdiction of the Council shall be prohibited.
In the writings carried by the KSU, besides the demand for ILP, they also carried writings that the government should resolve the border issue on the border to avoid bloodshed, to talk about the introduction of ILP. the Khasi language in the fifth chapter.
We also had the opportunity to talk to Dr. Lana E Lyngdoh, State Nodal Officer, Dr. Ailancy Kharjana, Joint Director of Health Services, Surgeon Superintendent, Civil Hospital. Shillong.
: The Diocese of Jowai invites all the people of God to the consecration of Rev. Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar on the 1st March, 2023 at the Church of the Holy Spirit Parish, Ummulong, West. Jaintia Hills at 10:00 am.
Paul said it is easy to announce but difficult to do the job. During the tenure of Prime Minister DD Lapang, the file for the appointment of Labor Inspector was with the Minister in charge, Dr Mukul Sangma. When the minister was appointed, the officer went to Bah Paul and saw that the office does not have enough officers. the government department and gave approval for their appointment.
On the other hand, the UDP, especially the working president of the party, Bah Paul Lyngodh, said that this action of Bah Khongwir has angered the leaders of the party because it is against the party because there is a candidate of the party. the party as a party person You must support the candidate of the party.
In the women's category, Balasiewdor Pathaw came second and Ivanjilin Khongwir came third.
The Unit will fall under the supervision of the All Meghalaya Muster Roll Workers Union (AMMRWU) and will also have to inform the Seng Kmie of any incidents they encounter in their Block.
Speaking at these meetings at these four schools, Bah Rani said that this is the desire of them as a group to provide computers to the schools because this era is you don't have to worry about computers.
The meeting was also attended by the Assistant General Secretary of the Nongkhlaw Youth Association.
Four deaths have been reported today, two from East Khasi Hills, one from Eastern West Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills. after.
On the other hand, the police have not only helped to cut down trees to prevent vehicles from traveling on the roads but have also helped the people to repair their homes which have been destroyed by the storm. the storm that struck on the morning of the Sabbath.
The surprising thing is why the government, instead of giving money to the poor, has taken away what they have. The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) of the state government has raided the houses of the residents of Umsawli and Mawtari, said the JYF leader. It was like going to defeat the illegal immigrants because they didn't know that they were just small villagers in front of MUDA which had brought hundreds of armed policemen to fight if the residents protested with their support. the Magistrate and the Rangers.
On the part of the Governor, Dr KK Paul said that Ms Swer is indeed a mother who has worked in various fields and has done many things in her service.
The posts except those to be announced include 76 posts in the Army Branch at the rank of Sub Inspector, 1255 posts in the Army Branch at the rank of Langrut. .
The PEC meeting was held at the residence of Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, according to a statement signed by MPCC General Secretary WK Kyndiah. The PEC has taken only the name of Bah Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga to send to the AICC for approval as the party's candidate for the mid-term elections from the 26-Shella constituency. on the 21st of April.
He also urged to set up units in every village in Bhoi to discuss their issues in the area as the leaders of the Central Body will not be able to know the issues if they do not inform or start discussing. hi.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Education Cell CEC sends its special congratulations to all the students who have reaped the fruits of their victory in their SSLC, HSSLC Arts, Science and Commerce stream. Examination 2023, Ka Seng would like to congratulate especially to those Khasi students who have reached the Top 10th and Top 20th, that your hard work and your achievement is a joy, the pride and hope for the entire nation at such times when the nation needs intelligent youth to protect the nation from foreign invasions.
The Chairman of COMSO said that from the beginning they have been against the CAB, they do not want to see the CAB work in Meghalaya.
Referring to the protest, the FKJGP leader said that if anything happens, the government should take responsibility.
The incident was reported to the Jowai Police Station and the police came to take the body for further investigation.
Shillong, July 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has requested to meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the decision of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
He said that according to the constitution, in short, the Hima Khasi States have the right to have their own Council which will be a non-party and non-partisan Council.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Shillong Fashion Society (SFS) has launched a training program for the Miss Shillong Fashion Society (SFS) to take part in the Miss Shillong 2016 contest to be held in April. The tournament will start today at Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium.
Only the SCC was invited to sing the National Anthem. The first song was the National Anthem.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has set goals for the next 25 years for every department of the government and said that the current income policies will be the foundation of a prosperous India tomorrow. .
Realizing this, the Federal Government has worked with the states to make it easier to do business and increase private entity investment in the region.
Therefore, we want to know who these 158 families are,” said Bah Nongrum.
At this meeting, the Seng said that the immersion or breaking of these idols in the rivers poses a serious threat because the construction of these idols contains bad colors which can also be harmful to the wells. It can damage the fish and the health of the people.
Prestone said the decision was taken to protect the state from the spread of COVID-19, therefore he urged the COVID-19 Management Committees in the villages to work together with the people. the Ministry of Health.
Markhongpong has continued to fight against the Seng and is proud of himself by telling the members of the Seng that no one will dare to punish him because he does not claim to be the promoter of the JYF in the way it works.
Shillong, July 03: Out of the 444 km border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh, the remaining 72.8 km area is in West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills Districts.
Tarun Kumar, Director Army Recruiting Zone, Shillong, who was the chief guest in the presence of RPS Thakur, Zonal Director NYKS, Meghalaya Zone, CP Lotha, Dy. Hello.
After receiving the complaint, the Meghalaya Police have sent it to the Superintendent of Police, Merut in Uttar Pradesh for further investigation.
Irene A.Nongtraw (Nursing Superintendent OT cum CNE Cell Chief Co-ordinator & Chief Editor) and Smt.
Robert said that if the influx of foreigners can be stopped, it will also affect the income, because as it is now, only the people whom the state has cannot help. This is because there are many poor households and if more people come, it will affect the income of the state.
Furthermore, the Minister said that the conduct of webinars and video conferences has helped in the implementation of the work.
Speaking to reporters, Agnes said they have asked for time to respond to the complaint of the political department regarding the loss of the government.
In this incident, there was a heated argument between these traders. The Seng has informed the police and the Seng has expressed its opposition to the arrival of these people from Assam despite the curfew. Government to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners from one state to another.
Of these, T.30.76 crore were opened for Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) accounts and 22.58 accounts were opened and all of them had Aadhaar till
The Chief Leader of the Union of Barikor in the State, Bah Raphael Warjri, acknowledged the statement of those leaders and stressed the need for the production of skilled trainers in the field of writing in the state. for the development of young people who wish to improve in this field.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Barthol Sohlang. Speaking as the leader of the Mawlai Cleaner Association, Bah Barthol Sohlang encouraged the youth to become smart in this kind of sport. because such physical exchange contributes to health.
I hope this will inspire you all to practice Yoga regularly.
Shah said the cooperative schemes of the Modi government and the constant changes are reaching the rural areas.
Shillong, November 17: In connection with the killing of three persons in Smit on the 16th of November, the family members of these persons today sent a message of gratitude to the police. and the ADC, Bah DM Wahlang.
The meeting also discussed the 10 tyngka notes and the CGM of the RBI in Shillong said that all the 10 tyngka notes in existence are made by the RBI and the vendors. they must accept them.
The total number of recoveries today is 298, 223 from East Khasi Hills, 55 from Ri Bhoi, 18 from West Garo Hills, 1 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. 6034 people.
On the other hand, HANM urges the Dkhars who are allowed in the state not to cause any problems and to come forward to give their speech to bring peace and stability in the state. state.
The Chief Minister said that the cases were tested today from Maharashtra, Bangalore, Chennai and West Bengal.
The problem faced by the BSF is the lack of roads, this is the biggest problem for the BSF. Answering questions, he said that there are roads running from the outskirts of the BSF. you shall be blessed, and those who are far from you shall be blessed.
The AJYWO has urged the JHADC to stop issuing new Trading License and also to consider the community in all aspects before issuing Trading License.
At this meeting, it was found that the main reason is that the sports organizations are in short supply of funds.
In the meeting with the DC of WJHD, the AJYWO also submitted a 29 pages petition regarding the life, work and winning of the Gold Medal of Ferdinand Suchiang in the wrestling competition. He has participated in 2017 and 2018 in various parts of the world.
We need the government to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit in the state so that our poor people will be safer from the influx of foreigners”.
Furthermore, it was found that many of these PPRCs have expired (invalid).
The search for the suspects is ongoing.
In a petition submitted to the DC today, five villagers told the DC that the Election Commission officials from Assam and politicians have come to their villages to urge them to vote. Assam has decided not to accept the EPIC but at a meeting held on the 20th of this month, it has decided not to accept it.
On the occasion, Bah Khawkupar Kharsahnoh said that the government's contract award to the teachers who are currently in training will expire on the 17th of July. Shillong, July 08: Three persons from Jowai who came from Delhi and Uttrakhand have been arrested by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. positive COVID-19 test.
MLAs who intend to contest elections from other parties have to resign before filing their nomination, MLAs who have to resign as members of the Legislative Assembly because they will contest from other parties the remaining parties are still numerous.
Therefore, the Niti Aayog in its view of the country as a whole, not only in the states, has now understood that the needs of the indigenous people are essential. No one should be left behind and no one should be forgotten.
Speaking to media, KSU Laban Circle General Secretary Jason Laloo said that after investigation, the KSU found that the incident was not true.
These include tigers, lions, elephants, gharials and kyndat despite the fact that we are high paid and despite having the resources for development.
According to the information received, there are teachers without naming the villages, who have been working on contract since 1994 until now. They are in great trouble because the time for finding jobs for them has passed.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, said that nothing has happened, although the police are still at the scene to ensure that nothing happens. you're right.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The High Mast at Motpran is located near the market to provide access to the market. you're right.
To answer better we have to ask the Government,” he said.
Regarding the delay in payment of their salaries, he said that there is no allocation of funds in the budget but the government has agreed to pay them according to the various sources available to the government.
The purpose of this public meeting was to explain the problems faced by the people and the ways and means to help resolve the problems through the Banking Ombudsman Scheme.
of India which gave special recognition to the young leader for his contribution to the society in the field of health, national integration and community development.
This will take effect from the date of assumption of office, said the Secretary to the Chief Minister's Secretariat.
The BJP has made four promises to the people to consider, to increase the allocation of funds from the central government to the District Councils, to strengthen primary schools within the District Councils, to bring about the Village Government Act, to maintain the land tenure system and to promote tourism without affecting the environment.
Because sometimes this is not the case.
The Congress party as it is now has lost the trust of the people.
He also urged the youth to help in providing medicines to all the people over the age of 45 years.
Prof. Asis Dutta, Padma Bhushan awardee, one of the scientists and former Vice Chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi, has urged the youth of the North East to turn to agriculture. riang because it is the main source of income for the entire region.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Private Universities Regulatory Board to discuss the rules and regulations of the Meghalaya Private Universities Regulatory Board. .
New Delhi, March 30: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on his visit to Europe, has met with the Head of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis.
He said that any issues should be discussed in the right place and at the meeting held on 2nd March 2020 it was decided that any news should be sent to the opposing media. The government should have done this after consulting with the MLAs but despite the decision, there are still reports against the decision.
The JHADC was present at the meeting but did not agree to speak to the journalists while the Garo Hills District Council did not attend.
"“Besides the enemies of the nation, there are crowns who are the auctioneers of our nation, who use the character of our nation, to slander, to look at each other and make up stories. “They have been lying against the KSU leaders since the time of Bah Michael Syiem, Bah Paul Lyngdoh until this moment,” said the KSU leader. They don't care about the nation or whether they care that the KSU is a stumbling block to development, but their aim is to convince the authorities who have invested hundreds of thousands of rupees.
He said the country's budget for health in 2014 was T.33000 crore.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The four-day Behdeinkhlam celebration started today at 2 pm and will end on Sunday at Eitnar. they will bring rot into this place.
The Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills, is a group of Chiefs from Villages, Raids and Himas (including the Federation of Khasi States, Sirdarships, Dorbars of Dolloi). The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya was established on 17 July
In 2014, a new Logistics Division was established, the PM Gati Shakti National Master Plan for Multi-sectoral Integration was launched, the National Logistics Policy was announced, and the Unified Logistics Interface Platform was launched. .
The 100th anniversary of the Presiding Officers Conference was also celebrated.
According to latest reports, the girl had gone to the house because it was the birthday of her friend in the area of ​​Prafulla Kanan in Kestopur.
On the other hand, Mohun Bagan coach Sanjoy Sen admitted that Shillong Lajong FC is a strong team and they should not take the North East team seriously.
There are 101 students. 80 students have passed in Arts Stream and 21 students have passed in Commerce Stream.
It also advised online and social media, including those who provide, distribute and publish online advertisements, not to publish such advertisements in India or to target the people of India.
Through this GEC, the party can take decisions to protest to demand from the government and district council authorities to implement the demands of the party.
The four abductees are from Phulbari area, RS-Gulu, Shah Alam, Azgar Ali and Atwar Ali, all from Kaimbathapara.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Bah PN Syeim MDC today visited and encouraged those houses which have been declared as Micro Containment Area in Lawmali in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and Village Leaders. of the village of Lawmali.
The party has complained that the EVMs used in the counting of votes are bad and this has been mentioned by the ADM of South West Khasi Hills.
"“The ability to control the influx of foreigners belongs to the State and Central Governments.
The workshop will be an important step towards involving the youth to share ideas for Viksit Bharat @2
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Police of East Jaintia Hills District have received a tip that a petrol truck has overturned near Khliehrait village.
There are 427 recoveries in East Khasi Hills District with 210 recoveries, bringing the total number of recoveries to 34,8
The Seng requests you as the Chief Executive Officer of the State to talk to the Ministry of Education, the Chairman of the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as One of the subjects to write the CBSE examination for those Khasi and Garo students and this will help the students who study in schools that do not understand the rules of CBSE. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has said that those Khasi and Garo who have taken the national certificate to prove that they are Khasi and Garo should take the MBOSE examination in Khasi. in one of the subjects with the board that they must write the examination in the same language as one of the subjects.
According to the RTI, there are more than 1,000 employees in these three farms and many of the employees have lost their hands. want to see that they are at work to work.
At this meeting, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the resolution of the state government regarding the proposal to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8Schedule.
On the other hand, the DFO has requested the union to inspect and remove the illegal immigrants.
Shillong, March 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle will hold the 6th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award 2018 for those students of Narpuh District who have passed the examinations. SSLC, HSSLC, and Graduate who passed in the first grade.
Rapido does not ask for permit and police verification when it invites motorcycle drivers to operate,” he said.
"Prime Minister Duh gave examples of the tallest bridge in India, the tallest railway, the connection of railways and the construction of highways to showcase the development projects in the region. .
He said that they are no longer children who are being deceived from time to time by promises without concrete actions from the government.
The District Administration has taken responsibility to ensure that no problems will arise and has held talks with the District Administration of Assam to maintain the status quo. that there should be no difference on both sides.
New Delhi, July 03: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has left for Odisha to inspect the ongoing rescue and relief operations following the train collision in Balasore.
Shillong, Nailur 14: By implementing Rules 16, 17 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules 2017 and Rules 77, 80, 83 and 84 of the Transport of Animals (Amendment) Rules, , the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a directive ban ban people from throwing cows on the ground or throwing them from the head and neck with the intention of slaughtering them for meat. .
He spoke about the deity of India by saying that the Goddess of knowledge and the Goddess of wealth sits on a lotus flower.
If any violation of the rules is found, action will be taken against those involved, including manufacturers, advertisers, publishers, advertisers, social media platforms, sponsors and others involved.
This has affected the employment opportunities in the state.
This happened at about 12:00 pm and the Sordar Shnong received the information at about 1:30 pm.
Shillong, November 30: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Rural Development, on Tuesday said that the issues demanded by the people are no longer the same. Many times the protests and the arrest of the youth did not reach anywhere at that time.
NCP candidate Ricky Shullai won the MDC by-election with 2698 votes against HSPDP candidate Banri Kupar Wahlang with 2591 votes. Other candidates are Hubert Marbaniang of BJP with 223 votes, UDP with 1296 votes and Allowis Dohtdong with 46 votes.
In the past few days, the state police have arrested drug traffickers in parts of Garo Hills. arrest the drug dealers.
Police have taken away the weapons from the scene and are now in the custody of the police.
The District Administration has also strengthened security in many parts of Shillong to ensure that the ritual will run smoothly.
When he reached Lawbah, he reserved another Maruti car from Lawbah to return to the village.
The Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills has issued a verdict against Tephor Wardkhar on the 30th of this month.
The BSF Meghalaya has issued a public statement through the media regarding the assault on the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. Seiboklang Buam by the BSF personnel on Tuesday. God this week.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed the importance of sports.
The Prime Minister said that the visit by the Prime Minister one block after another will continue for the next two years.
All meetings at the Secretariat have been suspended today.
Judges of the High Court of Meghalaya, officers, army chiefs, state police and family members of the Justice were also present to witness the swearing-in ceremony.
It is learned that many shops in the villages have been closed and people have come to Shillong to buy milk from almost all the districts of East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, South West Khasi Hills and West. Khasi Hills District.
The final was played between NEIGRIHMS FC and Dango Elevev FC. NEIGRHIMS FC scored a goal against Dango Elevev FC and won the match. for the title of champion in this football tournament.
Speaking in the House, he said that the estimated expenditure for the year 2020-2021 will be T.243,72,89,930/- crore while the revenue will be T.243,72,89,930/- crore. T.243,72,39,020/- crore, which is less than T.50,910/- crore.
In the NDA coalition government, there are three Cabinet Ministers from other parties, two Independent In Charge Chief Ministers and four Child Ministers to assist the Cabinet Ministers.
It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sexual orientation, religious beliefs or place of residence.
The UDP leaders who joined the Congress party on Tuesday urged the people to support the UDP candidate Bah Khraw Kupar Jyrwa for the victory. honor in the 2013 elections.
The Catholic Church through the Dicastery for the Doctrine of Faith has issued a document “Fiduciary Supplicants” on 18 November 2023 in which it has clarified that Church leaders and priests cannot administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. for those who are married to the same sex, but they can only offer a blessing.
Regarding the preventive measures to prevent the spread of the disease in the current period and to continue to support the employees of various government departments in their efforts to prevent the further spread of the disease. disease in the country and the state.
In this regard, Najiar said that according to the job announcement, there were many rules laid down by the office to select the candidates in the interview according to their performance, but many of them came up. allegations by applicants whose names do not appear in the Interview List, that the List is fraudulent and that the List was prepared at the behest of persons holding various positions within the Government.
At the same time, the union has urgently needed to open secondary schools in the areas such as the villages under the Phlangkyngshi area which includes Domtynrong, Phlangkyngshi East, Phlangkyngshi West, Phlangjaud. and there were more than four thousand men.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister wants the Civil Hospital of the state government to be fully equipped to test the patients who come for treatment in the state.
According to the Myntri Shnong of Mawbidong, Bah Tanlum K.Kharai, the Photjaud-Manad road from Tynnai to Mawbidong has been completely destroyed by the landslide. the rainwater in many parts of the road.
Dara Aswaghosh IPS, SP of CID, has been transferred from the post and appointed as SP of Traffic Department, East Khasi Hills District. task.
On the other hand, Samla Biangbor Paliar said that the Khappud issue is the top issue of the KSU. “From time to time we have been expressing the need to resolve the border issue not only at the Chief Secretary Level. but not even to the Chief Minister level,” he said.
New Delhi, March 20: The National Police Memorial will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today morning. protect the country since independence.
In our country, there are many different beliefs and practices.
Nongpoh Iaiong o1 : The influx of foreigners to earn a living and work in the villages of Ri-Bhoi and other places.
He also spoke about Swamiji's contribution to the world.
Through drug abuse, many Khasi youths have lost their lives, their families have been destroyed which has hampered the development of the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Congress party, which is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the Congress party has 17 MLAs. others are with the Congress.
In this regard, the union has also sent a copy of the complaint to the Police, Veterinary Department, Land Custom, Border Security Forces and the Chairman of the Animal Welfare Board, New Delhi. to act in accordance with the provisions of the law.
There are 56,909 voters who will be able to vote for the first time.
He said that Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem passed away at a young age but he showed the spirit of responsibility as a Syiem and this is an example for all to follow when working. whether it is in any area to have the responsibility.
MTYDS has signed an agreement with Glamanand Supermodel India that the winners of Miss Meghalaya will represent Meghalaya in the pageant.
Shillong, Naitung 16: U Bah HS Shylla CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today sent the names of five MDCs to the Governor of Meghalaya for approval. Speaking to SP News Agency, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Shylla, said that the names of the five MDCs who have been sent to the Governor are Neilantonio War, Donkupar Sumer, Rona Khyndeit of the UDP, Blanding Warjri, Latiplang Kharkongor, James Shylliang of the PDF, Victor Ranee and Jansing M Tynsong of the NPP. Shillong, Naitung 16: The election of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the KHADC will be held after the election of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the KHADC. NEIAH has replied that the notice issued in 2016 for various posts has been cancelled.
Shillong, July 16: NCP Leader Praful Patel on Tuesday said that the two NCP MLAs in Meghalaya in the last five years have not done anything for the state, the constituency. they come forward and so does the party.
The ceremony ended today with the inauguration of the statues according to the places set by the District Administration. In Shillong, the inauguration ceremony was held at Wahumkhrah under tight security. .
During the search in the presence of witnesses, stem powder packed in 20 boxes of soap was seized and after testing it was confirmed to be heroin.
However, these Bar States do not have the necessary documents.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs were unable to attend the meeting because the information was too late and at the same time it was also the time of Christmas preparations.
Those who attended the climb included Mrs.G.Anita Devi, the first woman North East to receive the Padmashree in
Speech was delivered by the chief guest Dr.BC Lyngdoh, who encouraged the youth to work hard in all fields especially in their studies without forgetting their own culture.
Shillong, March 22: A group of SSA teachers led by Aristotle C Rymbai has met with the Chief Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the remaining salary. .
There are 288 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in East Garo Hills, 2 in East Garo Hills, 197 in East Khasi Hills, 6 in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 7 in North Garo Hills, 13 in Ri Bhoi, 7 in South Garo Hills. Hills 5, South West Khasi Hills 5, West Garo Hills 38, West Jaintia Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 2.
In support of these youths, the four organizations HPSO, HANM, WPM and WYWC have decided to hold a night curfew on the 22nd and 23rd of this month. The government should urge the government to reinstate the results of the 2010 DSC.
The State Police have stepped up surveillance and security after receiving an email message on Thursday threatened by a terrorist group known as Terrorizers1
On the other hand, the meeting was attended by the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Em Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, KAS office bearers led by Dr. DRL Nonglait President. Members were sent to attend this meeting to discuss the Khasi language.
On the other hand, the KJP Synod Mih ngi has a place to consult for those who are involved in such alcoholic beverages at this place where they hold this consultation every Tuesday and Saturday.
Police recovered 5 grams of heroin, two mobile phones, T.10,480 syringe, two plastic bags and a vehicle number ML05-N- 0782.
In 2003, the KHNAM was formed and won two seats. The party was formed by former KSU President Paul Lyngdoh and has now joined the UDP. candidates in the 2023 elections.
Police said that if anyone has any information or sees the child, please contact the police control room at 0364-222214, Madanriting PS 0364-2
The complaint of the residents after many years that this road is in poor condition has come true and has encouraged and attracted many tourists to visit this area but this is only temporary due to the negligence of the contractor. and the lack of attention of the road construction department.
The meeting was attended by President Utpal Marak, 20 BJP members who have joined the NCP and more than 2,000 member office bearers.
This fund will be used to provide training in the field of milk production.
We on behalf of the 9-Shnongs, we fully support the protest of these four organizations and we also demand from the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India to repair this road for the betterment. We also urge the people of Jaintia Hills and also the people of other states of the North East to give more and more support to the AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF so that their strike will be a success for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Sutnga in a statement sent to reporters.
Jowai, Naitung 28: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District and four political parties from EJHD, namely, KSU Khliehriat Circle, AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, FKJGP Narpuh Circle and HNYF East. Jaintia Zone has expressed its strong opposition to the call for a road blockade in East Jaintia Hills District by two political parties from Jaintia Hills District on the night of the 30th and 31st of this month.
He said that the BNSS has opened up the possibility of conducting hearings, follow-ups and activities through digital means and that this is in line with today's era.
In his speech, he urged that the forests should be preserved without destroying them because if they are destroyed, they will run out of medicines.
Many of the residents go to private health centers when they are sick , but at present Woodland Hospital and Bethany Hospital are not able to cooperate because they have parts in this scheme The money doesn't cover what these hospitals charge.
All applications received till 31st March for the 2022 Nari Shakti Puraskar will be accepted.
According to police, the child has been missing since 07/09/2019 at 10.30 pm.
Tura, Nov 12: U Minister of State for Home Affairs on Tuesday expressed his dissatisfaction with the construction of roads in Garo Hills from Tura to Garobada and IB Garobada.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, who is currently in power in India, has sent a message expressing his satisfaction to see that the government has been able to take over the house in Kolkatta. for the employment of the people.
Referring to the district demand for Sohra, Metbah said he would talk to the Chief Minister to find out why it could not be announced at the same time. he will ask to get clarity.
If I don't look at the story, it shows that the original snap is in the Earth, the Word and the Kur in the days of the Holy Age.
He also encouraged them to invest as much as possible.
In this regard, we cannot use force because we have to be thoughtful. In this regard, we cannot use force, but we should have consultation from time to time. .
There have been 4 recoveries today, 2 cases in East Khasi Hills and 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District, bringing the total number of recoveries to
He said that tomorrow morning the group will gather at Motphran at 12.00 noon to go to the Governor's residence to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. CAB.The Meghalaya government has been urged to demand the ILP, as the opposition to the CAB is not over.
Assam and Nagaland Governor Prof. Jagdish Mukhi, Manipur Governor La Ganesan, Mizoram Governor Dr. Haribabu Kambhampati, Sikkim Governor Ganga Prasad, Tripura Governor Satyadeo Narain Arya .
On this occasion, the people of Shillong from all ethnic groups have come to express their sorrow over the incident in the country by burning candles to pray for the deceased. juh to those who were injured in the tragic incident.
From the signs, it is clear that the MLAs from different parties have already prepared themselves to join any party to contest the MLA elections in I'm afraid of the shabuk that the party will give in this session.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Hynniewtrep Association of Numbers, through this statement, has announced that the annual “Thanksgiving to the people of the country” will be held at Bañiun, Mylliem Syiemship, Upper Shillong. long on 03rd June
Shillong, Naitung 11: The CLP meeting held today discussed two issues, one on the decision of the Supreme Court of India on the issue of coal mining in the state and one on the Draft National Education Policy of the Central Government.
New Delhi, Naitung 30: The NRC list in Assam has been released today.
The prizes were distributed to the winners by the Chief Guest along with other dignitaries who were present on the occasion.
The father of Balajied Dkhar, Bah ES Ajar, has recalled the days when his son, Balajied Dkhar was shot dead by the police and said that even the investigation has found that it was a fake encounter. He said with a sad heart that why the police who had dozens of people did not arrest them but shot them dead.
Paradoh parasnam, there are no other nations who will come to defend our country.
The UDP will continue to talk to other parties in the MDA to nominate only one candidate if possible, said Bah Bindo. Shillong, March 16: Along with the rest of the world, the agriculture department of South West Khasi Hills District has now appointed a proposal from the UDP whether other parties agree or not. The World Food Day was celebrated on Wednesday.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Congress party for the 1-Shillong Parliamentary seat has ended today with the decision to nominate the incumbent MP Vincent H Pala.
She said that on Tuesday evening at 8.30 pm, the parents came to complain about the mistake in distributing the questions.
New Delhi, Nailar 17: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has said that it will be able to complete the enrollment of up to 60 crore people under the Aadhaar scheme by
Shillong, November 01: The Office of the Livestock Department of the State Government today held a public meeting at Sohiong under the National Livestock Mission 2017-18 on the issue of income generation. through the fields of jingri.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the government has allocated Rs 3 crore for the start of these development works.
“We will write to the State Government to reject this letter.
The union said that there are several shops that do not take advantage of the goods especially the illegal goods.
Priority should be given to villages in aspirational districts, SC/ST predominantly SC/ST villages and households and villages under the Sansad Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana.
You don't have to worry about this market.
Monitoring markets, festivals, religious or community gatherings that may spread the disease.
Replying to a question, the SP of East Khasi Hills District said that the letter is still flooded and they are looking into whether it is true or not even though no one has signed the letter.
After the last rites, the family members of Bah Nongdhar took their loved ones and took them to the police station. Their village is Umkyrpong of East Jaintia Hills which is the village of the mother of his children.
Monitoring of expenditure: Control of movement of alcohol, cash, drugs across inter-state and national border areas, strengthening of checkpoints where also provided CCTV cameras, joint inspections by the Police, Excise, Transport, GST and Forest Departments, surveillance at helicopter landing sites, airports, bus stations and railway stations, punishment of those who illegally operate alcohol and drugs; controlling the handling of white liquor, inspection of well-managed liquor, cash, drug and gift goods facilities.
Shillong, July 04: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday found an 18-year-old girl from Upper Shillong in the middle of the street. ignorance no more.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The residents of four corners of the market today appealed for assistance from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). on this issue of their arrest by the law enforcement agencies.
As it has appeared in the media that the discussion on the post of CEM in KHADC between the leaders of the UDP party is not only in the domestic affairs but has also appeared in the media between the CEM. Titos Starwell Chyne and Paul Lyngdoh.
The Government should look into and understand that if there is no sylla from within, it should strongly order them to leave Mawkyrwat immediately.
The Custom Department on Saturday arrested three gold smugglers from Shillong and seized foreign gold biscuits worth Rs 1 crore.
The strike will last for three days and if the government does not do anything within these three days they will think again and hold an indefinite strike. and their children shall be gathered together.
As the state needs peace and stability, the party once again urged the HNLC to continue the peace talks.
However, the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna has decided to temporarily close down all the schools. tourist attractions within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna.
He explained in detail about the rules laid down by the Election Commission to combat the use of money power during elections.
The collection of fines from violators has reached T.12,46,500 this year alone.
Therefore, the union urges the police not to arrest the suspects while they cannot prove their involvement, because if the police arrest the suspects, it can lead to more violence. public area.
HITO has visited the residence of Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein and Mawsynram MLA Ollan. Sing Suin.
Programs like Khelo India have helped discover and train future champions.
Finally, on 28th October, 2024, the Court of Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills District, on the receipt of evidence, found Aloi Suiam guilty of murder and charged him with murder. Section 302 IPC for life imprisonment.
This year's ordination of the Lyngdoh of the State of Shillong is very rare and it is not possible to invite the people of God from all religious groups to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government. larger crowds can be gathered because of the Plague.
The party will continue to raise its hands to help them in such times when people are suffering.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has recently expanded its working group by setting up another Circle known as the Mawkynrew Circle at the Dorbar Hall Jongksha.
Mohan also acknowledged that the opening of more petrol pumps will also create employment opportunities for the people in the state. He said that at least one petrol pump will employ seven people. it helped me to get a job.
The Blood Transfusion Services are operated by the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council, Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, National Health Mission and the State Drugs Licensing and Controlling Authority.
This year, India exported goods worth $670 billion or Rs 50 lakh crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Across Shillong, the police have been working hard to crack down on unemployed people on the streets around Shillong.
This distribution is for the month of November, November.
It is to be recalled that in the past there were buses in Bhowal area but now only small vehicles like sumo and other small vehicles and this is a big problem for the poor people in Bhowal area. economy.
One of the teachers of the group, Bah Toyondar Mawlieh, said that in recent days, a march has been held in Garo Hills with the teachers from Garo Hills who belong to the same group. They will come to Shillong tomorrow morning to take part in this protest.
The union also urged both the parties that if the case can be resolved within the boundary of NEHU, it would be better to withdraw the complaints they have filed at the police station.
He said that the Water Resources Department was established in 2010 and within this department there are two areas to provide assistance to the people, the first is to provide water to farmland through irrigation and the second is to provide water to farmers through irrigation. This is the protection of farmland and flood control.
Besides, the HYC has demanded that the Government should return the tins delivered to Jirang, Shella and Nongstoin C&RD Block as they are too heavy and not suitable for covering the houses.
He was the one who took the lead in the development of education, but we are sad to say that education has now declined.
However, it is the Police Department that forces us to hold protests because we have no choice but to force the Police Department to hold protests so that we can get our demands.
In the past, Rangbah Shnongs were deprived of the authority to issue syrnod.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, said that the Dorbar has prepared various meetings in preparation for the Dorbar Ri. The meeting will be held on the 15th January 2013 at 10 am on the 15th January 2013 at the Market Complex Mawngap.
According to information received, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has summoned the chiefs of Jirang Hima on Monday to discuss the issue of the border crossing with Assam.
In this meeting, the Narpuh area promised before the Chief Minister that if the government gives the block, they will give them land in Lumshnong, not only the land but also the construction of the block. The office is not only for the government to issue a government announcement.
At the same time, the HYC has questioned the Ministry of Roads and Highways of the Union Government to build a special road in the area if there is no intention to mine uranium. , If it is for the purpose of development, the road from Nongstoin to Maweit, Borsora and Ranikor should be constructed.
Our country needs a lot of doctors along with health facilities.
As a result of being abandoned by her husband, the widow suffered from mental illness.
The Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Symbut Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today submitted its report to the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma. It is from Ri Bhoi District.
Drivers of Shillong, Laitlyngkot to Pynursla road have expressed their concern over the parking of trucks on the side of the road waiting to carry stone from a quarry on the side. street.
Meghalaya was led by R Lawai from the Medical Plants Boards and participants were from the SNSDKN led by Bah S Nongrem and Costina. Dkhar.
The purpose of this bike march was to explain to the public the development works that the Central Government has sent to Meghalaya under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
The total number of recoveries so far is
In addition, the case of Crl.
Shillong, Lber, 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi has decided to set up career counseling for various fields of study for the youth of Bri-u-Hynniewtrep. students who wish to study in Delhi and places under the National Capital Territory like Noida and Gurgaon.
The union has given time to the government to put the outpost back under light, and if the government does not listen and cannot do this, they will hold a protest, said Bah John (SP News).
The availability of these vehicles will help in transporting people from the rural areas to better places for treatment.
On the other hand, the HYC has congratulated the state government for appointing doctors in many positions except in various positions. this call for applications for doctoral recruitment is welcome.
How to wear a mask can be found on the website of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government.
“Prime Minister Duh has assured the youth that there are many opportunities.
This is also a step towards ensuring food safety at all sites.
They used all force to hide and flee," he said, adding that “protests in the streets against the law are not a sign of good governance and democracy.
All the government departments within the district attended the meeting.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairperson of Handicrafts and Handloom, Santa Mary Shylla, Commissioner & Secretary Social Welfare, Pravin Bakshi and others.
Referring to the HSPDP party since the Autonomous State Movement in the name of APHLC and until now the party's foundation is on the ownership of land and has stood firm to uphold the rights. and the right to own the land, the boundary, said Bah Pangniang.
The fire brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire and within a short time they were able to extinguish the fire.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Ambinus said that two MLAs, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong and Gevin Mylliemngap, will join the NPP and the MDC will join the NPP. The party should have called a meeting to discuss the issue.
It is clear that the District Administration and the Assam Police do not respect the authorities of Meghalaya. The development and peace and stability have been neglected and destroyed in those three years that have been spoken of only before the elections.
According to Kong Matsiewdor, one house has collapsed in West Khasi Hills, one has been hit by lightning and others have been damaged by the cyclone and landslide.
Deacon Wester David Marbaniang of Mawlai Parish and Deacon Robert Marwein are from the Salvatorian Association while Deacon Ryngkatbor Dkhar is from the Diocesan Association.
Dalia village is inhabited by Garo and the newspaper reported that ruser robbery is frequent although there has been no clash with the law enforcement agencies in the past few days.
“What’s crazy is that these people say they’ve lived here for decades.
Shillong, Iaiong 30: A fire broke out at a timber factory behind the Rynjah State Dispensary at 12:45 pm on Saturday night. house and a little behind the dispensary where the damage was extensive.
It is necessary to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government to take the matter forward.
There was a plan to nominate only one candidate from the INDIA Bloc to ensure that we work together as one group but this has not happened,” he said.
The relationship between Prime Minister Duh, Narendra Modi and other foreign leaders has ensured that our position has improved.
In another incident, a mother has lodged a complaint with the East Jaintia Hills Police Station that a man named Mukesh Sharma has attempted to rape her in Thangskai village of East Jaintia Hills District. .
International Federation of Journalist.
The Court has authorized the Police to remand Cleenstar for 7 days for further investigation while the Court has authorized the Police to remand Gary Rinaldy for 12 days for further investigation. thorough investigation.
Thus, the Coalition for Disaster Resilient Infrastructure (CDRI) has provided a global solution.
The teachers will stage a protest if the government does not pay their salaries along with those who receive this benefit if the government does not listen to their request.
They have been taken to court and the court has allowed the police to question them for six days.
This led the way towards taking the economic development of the country as a priority of the Government," “Whether it is tourism or business or textile related activities, the “Whether it is drone or Krishi UDAAN technologies, airport connectivity from airport connectivity, the Government has set a target of for the development of the region.
On the part of the party, we have the authority to act for you who have been attacked,” said Samla Ribok Diengdoh.
Tympang and the Tradition.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The late Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, on Tuesday said that during his stay in Meghalaya, he felt that he was the owner of the village. Shillong because the old days when he studied in this city came back to him where he was able to meet his friends from this place.
“The Hon'ble High Court has challenged many issues and this shows that the authority of the NPP-led Government is a weak Government.
Regarding the suspension of Dolloi, John F Kharshiing, on 26th October 2016, had the opportunity to speak by phone to Thombor Shiwat, MDC, CEM, JHADC to urge him to The Executive Committee, JHADC, to take action to resolve this issue through mutual understanding so that there will be no impact on the Khadar administration, especially the religious customs in the Dolloi Elaka.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: BSF troops on Tuesday arrested a Bangladeshi Khar near Danggar in East Khasi Hills District who had smuggled into India.
Police did not disclose the location of the seizure, but it was reported that these seizures were made today under the leadership of one of the arrested persons. of him by the police.
On aviation, the Minister said that the number of airports has increased to 149 and now 599 new routes carry 1.3 crore passengers.
Venerable, one of the monks who took part in the march, said that they want peace and want the government to protect all the Buddhist places of worship in Assam.
Dr Arvind Rajwanshi, Director, AIIMS Raebarelli, spoke about the equipment received from other countries to assist the patients at AIIMS Raebarelli.
Lyngiong Presbyterian Secondary School won the March Pass by girls and Silver Spring Adventist Secondary School, Lyngiong won the March Pass among all the schools that came to participate.
Speaking at a meeting held at Nongshiliang Nongthymmai, Bah Daniel Kharshandi u urged the people of the state to bring about change as the present government has found a way to lay the foundation stone. .
On this occasion, the KSU has requested the State Government to clarify whether these are true or not.
Chief Guest, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, & Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, congratulated the office of An.
Competitions known as ; (i ) 10 Meter Rifle (Women), (ii) 10 Meter Rifle (Men), (iii) 10 Meter Pistol (Women), (iv) 10 Meter Pistol (Women-Youth),  (v) 10 Meter Pistol (Men ), (vi) 10 Meter Pistol (Men -Junior), (vii) 25 Meter Sports Pistol (Women), (viii) 50 Meter Free Pistol (Men), (ix) 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle- Prone position (W ),  bad (x) 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle- Prone position (Men).
The protest was to express their opposition to the sudden closure of the coal mining industry as it has affected the people from the contractors.
Their minds have reached the point where they don't understand the difference between opposition and propaganda and this has shamed the country as a whole, until it has become difficult to watch or listen,” he said. Charcoal.
In his speech, Bah Phira Rangbah Shnong said that this is the opening of the lat by the owner and this is the opening of the lat by the management of the jarong. the need of the village.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The KSU War Jaintia District and the Sub Divisional Officer, Amlarem Sub Division, Kong JU Kharpuri, have taken the initiative to summon one of the victims. A foreigner named Jagir, who has converted himself into a Dkhar Kur, has also received an EPIC from the electoral rolls of Mupyut West Jaintia.
Mairang, Naiwieng 10: The Eastern West Khasi Hills District today celebrated its 10th Anniversary at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang. Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
The state government has released the share of vehicles and forest products, but how much money it has released cannot be said because the written notice has not yet arrived. The GHADC has requested T.10 to T.15 crore from the mineral resources to pay the salaries of the employees.
Shillong, March 10: The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, today said that the government has taken measures to improve the security measures during the Durga Puja festival. They will not be able to hold this festival in the whole state.
Shillong, March 08: U Congress Leader and MLA of 48-Selsella Constituency Clement Marak and former Minister of Meghalaya Government has passed away this morning at a hospital. in Delhi, after the illness had spread for a while.
Those who wish to participate can contact the chairman of the drawing competition, Louis Pyngrope at 9436116905 and Dilip Kumar Bose at
Answering a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that the state government does not know, the central government knows better, but it is clear that there has been no information. to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The GST has given more powers to the states in terms of service tax.
“As an organization that looks after the welfare of the country and the people, how encouraging it is to see that foreigners come into the border of JHADC and do business while that is, the JHADC does not believe.
What NEDFi provides to the state is only for small projects as it cannot provide loans to large projects due to the land tenure system.
GVK EMRI has been selected as one of the companies that has contributed to the country since the launch of the trade in India. to the development of the country.
We strongly condemn this act and it is a robbery and it does not mean that only the members of the party will turn sohpdung and file various cases and this will lead astray to another path because they have been accused. im looking and accusing the members of being involved in the accused.
Shillong, July 28: The JHADC has been withholding the salaries of its employees without payment for 11 months and this has put the households working within the District Council in difficulty. run the household.
Many of them are from poor families, he said.
In 2021, she had a meeting with the Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma to discuss the issue and during the meeting, the Chief Minister made it clear that it would be difficult to raise the status to Deficit. On the other hand, the union said that if it is only in the deficit pattern, it is better.
Replying to a question on the Congress party's allegation, the Prime Minister said that the Congress party is a party that is confused because it cannot nominate only one MP candidate for the state. Sabha went to look for somewhere else.
Tura, Nailar 20: The GNLA today detonated a bomb at Jadi village under Nangal Police Station.
According to the writing on the sweaters, instead of writing 'Mawlai', it was written 'Mawali'
The torch will be carried to all parts of the country and especially to 75 important places of the country as part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
The political drama in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) took place five months before the three ADCs will go to the MDC elections in
Cleanliness is the greatest wealth of health, so the Khasi since ancient times have been taught to be clean and tidy whether at home or in the village, but the Government of India has not I'm surprised that it's only a matter of time before I bring the swatch Bharat.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Malai Sohmat Area Unit has met with the BDO of Mawsynram Block to demand immediate action against the farmers whose crops have been affected by the authorities. environment.
In our country, fortunately, God still loves us, He still shows us signs through the forces of nature and if we continue to sin, God will never forgive us.
B.Blah, BDO Thadlaskein Block in her speech as the chief guest at the meeting first praised SURE and NABARD for starting this project.
The JSU has also requested the MBOSE to extend the last date for the delivery of these certificates especially at this time when parents are worried. They have too much money for their children.
Other development measures in the state will only be to stir up trouble and stir up the fellow members of the party and stir up the people.
India is now closer to China in population but even if that is the case don't lose hope because the youth of the country are the future for the development of the country. other.
In this regard, the KHADC has convened meetings in the past few days to discuss the proposal of the central government and has also set up a special committee to look into the matter. on this law.
After that, the police sent him out,” said the KSU leader. “While the KSU is still in existence, others (foreigners) cannot invade our country. " he said.
During the inspection, the Minister was accompanied by the management of the Meghalaya Football Association, engineers from the State Sports Council, officers of the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government. The stadium is under construction to improve the quality of the stadium so that it can host the National Games and other major sporting events in the coming years.
The woman said she was from Urivi village in Andhra Pradesh under Pedana police station in Krishna district.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station and the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) led by Addl. Superintendent of Police (ASP) Bah Banraplang Jyrwa on Saturday seized several grams of heroin. Many types of drugs are illegally sold by drug traffickers.
The blessing of cemeteries within the Catholic Church is held in all places where there are cemeteries of the faithful and this is usually done this month in all parishes and villages by elected officials of the church. .
Data of 30,093 eligible beneficiaries were collected.
During the strike, the smugglers agreed to temporarily suspend the smuggling of goods to Bangladesh until an agreement can be reached between the traders, the village and the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
Speaking to media, HNYF Shillong City President Bless Dkhar said that the government has given two days to stop the construction of new construction sites in Mawlong Market.
Only kyiad was seized during the election.
It is a sad thing that such an incident happened.
Shillong, Lber 27: U Symbut Chief Minister on Tuesday said that MLAs can use their share of the MLA scheme to purchase equipment to help the people in need by following the rules laid down in the scheme, at the same time they have to provide the necessary documents.
The public meeting was held at the ground floor of Christ King Higher Secondary School, where thousands of people attended the opening ceremony of the Civil Sub Division to celebrate this memorable day.
During his visit, he met with the officials of the Bi-Resources and Sustainable Development (IBSD), where he talked and inquired about the ongoing work in Upper Shillong.
Dr Srivastava said that he pays tribute to the 16 founders of the Seng Khasi in 1899 for preserving their own traditional religion who are the people of the North East. in India.
“Those who are rich don't think about the future.
Pyniaid said that to protect the forests there are laws from the central and state governments but this step is to help the farmers who help to maintain the forests by providing financial assistance. within this project.
Shillong, March 21: Police in Garo Hills have recovered a Chinese grenade and 25 unused 7.65 rounds of ammunition from Dosagre today.
Bah Tanbor is a recognized singer by All India Radio and has produced several collections of songs, including one that has sung at major public events in the state and the region.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the jobs for modern livelihoods have also strengthened the tourism industry and opened up self-employment opportunities for the youth in the rural areas.
The public can visit the Archbishop for the last time at the cathedral from the 21st to the 23rd of this month until 10 pm before the service.
The emergence of JETS24x7 is due to unemployment,” he said.
Similar Judo Camps will be completed and held soon in Ampati, Khlehriat, Jowai and Nongpoh.
In this meeting with the MLA and Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Reniktone L Tongkhar, the KSU demanded the opening and allocation of posts in the 100 bed hospital in Mawkyrwat.
He said that many times the owners of the houses don't inform the village when they lease the houses. When there is a huri hura, they come to the Dorbar Shnong.
The post office of the North Eastern Region of India will strengthen its services to the rural areas as banks to deposit money in areas where banks are not available.
Shillong, July 23: The We Love u Foundation today celebrated the 133rd Blood Donation Day at NEIGRHIMS Hospital Shillong.
There are 25 recoveries from East Khasi Hills, 16 from West Khasi Hills, 4 from West Khasi Hills and 82,764 from West Khasi Hills. now.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the government has taken this decision because of the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 The reason why the government has not taken this decision to extend the curfew.
The achievements of the sector include India setting up a Rs 7000 crore PPE manufacturing industry in less than 3 months after the COVID pandemic and having the country in The Government has approved the establishment of seven Mega Integrated Textile Region and Apparel (MITRA) Parks at a cost of T.4445 crore over five years.
The Mawlai Town Dorbar at its meeting held on 17/8/2021 has decided that the government should temporarily suspend those policemen involved in the shooting. They will not take part in the Peace Committee of the Government.
Speaking to media, NPP leader Prestone said there was no agreement that the post of speaker would be with the UDP, but at the time of formation of the government. MDA, Dr Donkupar, who did not speak at the door of God, said that he will not be accepted as speaker and this was accepted.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has set up these sampling stations in Shillong at three places where many people come and go, besides Motphran, Khyndailad and Khyndailad. in Anjalee and Cinema Hall.
At this meeting, he said that the Congress has not yet implemented the ILP in Meghalaya.
On receiving information that these teachers have been expelled, the president of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, has asked the DC to allow them to witness at the ground tonight because they don't have space. Stay on this request and allow them to stay with the protection of these teachers.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has expanded its offices and will hold a meeting on the 20th of this month to confirm the office bearers of the HFU Jaintia Hill.
On the 13th of this month, at midnight, the District Police raided the Meghalaya border at Mukroh village and arrested four men identified as Ma Holy Lamare, Ma Arland War, Ma MA Bun Myrten and Lamare's House.
When contacted by SP News Agency, the officials of the state factories admitted that it is true that the factories in the state are facing problems because what they get is only electricity. half of their employment and this has put the factories in difficulty in running the factories.
They also received suggestions from the new members of the party to work for the country and the nation.
The District should ensure that the Village Administration in the future should be in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Ranikor Administrative Unit at Ranikor, South West Khasi Hills District.
On this occasion, the exhibition and sale of various products produced by government departments such as the Department of Fisheries, Agriculture, Veterinary and Animal Husbandry, Commerce and Industries and others was witnessed. farmers and local cooperatives.
The KSU recalls the incident in 2005 in which there was a riot such as the theft of question papers and the non-delivery of question papers (in sector 1) which led the KSU to demand a regional administrative office of the KSU. MBOSE in Shillong which reached the point of heavy clashes in which dozens of Khasi youths including members of the KSU were arrested and seriously injured in the protests.
The deceased was identified as Arbina Ryntathiang of Pyndengnongbri village in Mairang. The injured include Ibaphylla Ryntathiang, Batimila Ryntathiang, U Shanborlang Ryntathiang, Mewanbanshan Ryntathiang, 5 years old, Ericson Ryntathiang, 1 year 9 months and Samebanteiskhem Ryntathiang, 3 years old.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri today lodged a complaint with the police against those people who came to destroy his residence at Balakhwa village under the Hima Nongspung. of Ri Bhoi District.
On this occasion, nine students who have won the first place in the SSLC and HSSLC (Examination) 2021 were also honoured.
The letter said that Bah Lyngdoh is currently studying at Kiang Nangbah Government College in the fourth semester, but he has seen that if there are two principals, he will retire. The month in which you have been in this college for only three months.
We have also arranged to write this book under the auspices of the Tribal Intellectual Collective of India (www.ticijournals.org). Professor Virginius Xaxa, and this group and this first article has been published in the journals of universities around the world.
“If they want to get Aadhar card, why don't they become Indian citizens by false means,” said Ohibait Dkhar. “If they want to get Aadhar card, why? Why do these private companies try to forcefully register these suspects as Indians ? Can we not protect our citizenship by allowing these agencies to register us ? "It's a picture," said the Leningrad organization.
Cleaning of villages, streets and markets especially, such as Iewduh and other markets as well.
Regarding the payment of think bha and regarding the problem of the employees of MeECL and NEIGRIHMS, the government will write to them to look into this problem, the Minister said. the decisions of the courts to ensure that Home Guards cannot claim recognition as apprentice workers.
On the other hand, the students of the college requested the parents of the students and the public to join in the rally to the DC office to demand that the government it should enroll all those who have not yet received classes.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its strong opposition to the decision of the State Government to allow contractors, companies and employers in various jobs to bring in foreign workers.
At the same time, the union demands that all training institutions should pay the salaries of their employees on time.
The state government is currently waiting for the approval of the central government to hold peace talks with the GNLA, said a letter sent by the political department of the state government.
Bah Paul said that all that remains now is to inspect these places.
“This demand is still alive because we want to protect the country from being invaded by other foreign powers who want to steal the wealth of Khasi Jaintia like bloodthirsty people,” he said. .
Speaking to media, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the cost of construction of the new dorbar hall will be T.145 crore and the government will seek assistance. From the Central Government and also from the resources available to the State, he said that the Government will provide the funds to start the work.
The President of India has inaugurated the celebration of the third Audit Diwas across the country on 16th November 2023 at the CAG of India office, New Delhi.
He said that it is necessary to know what part of the opposition is that there should be a reconciliation and they will meet the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. MLAs who have left the party and will meet after the New Year
This can be done by linking the Aadhar card with the Point of Sale (POS), as is currently the case in Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Telangana. and Tripura, are the 10 states in India which have implemented POS in ration shops.
On the other hand, the MJACCV leaders will not hesitate to demand the rights of the government if the government does not prosecute them under various provisions of the law. that the government will meet the demands.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the Boundary Committee appointed by the KHADC last year, she today sat down to discuss the issue. between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
“We invite all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills to take part in this day,” said Babu Shadap.
Shillong, July 24: U Martin M Danggo in his resignation letter to the Indian National Congress (INC) on the 21st of this month said, “I am sorry for leaving the party. Congress party has upset you all"
The first day of the tournament will be held at Pynursla on the 18th and the second day of the tournament on the 19th will be held at St.Anthonys High School, Shillong. at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 10: U Dr Mukul Sangma today visited Ranikor Administrative Unit to inaugurate the Ranikor Administrative Unit. They want to get the Ranikor Civil Sub Division, not the Administrative Unit.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya Sate Planning Board (MSPB), Spokesperson, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, The Tribal Council of India was established in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and other states, and invited them to join the group.
In a letter to the Chief Conservator of Forest Officer, Williamnagar, Maxwell said, “I would like to inform you that it is something that cannot be imagined by an animal. The kangaroo, which is known to exist only in Australia, has been found in Rongjeng Silchang Agatchi Patal Gittim village, East Garo Hills District since November
The ECI has acknowledged and expressed through this letter that there is a confusion in the party which needs to be resolved.
Referring to the Khasi Dictionary which the union has prepared and will complete within three years, the union has set up a committee to look into this work and a group to look into it. not to improve the Dictionary.
In her greeting, the President of India said that Christmas is a symbol of peace and brotherhood among all the people of this world. teach us about Jesus Christ.
The KSU cannot help but express its gratitude and appreciation to the DS Lumdiengjri, and we believe that through the DS Lumdiengjri to showcase its works, other villages in Shillong and the Bri u Hynniewtrep They should follow the example of this path so that as an organization we can further develop the work to contribute to many areas for the development of humanity and the Ri Hynniewtrep. whole.
Shillong, Iaiong 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Colony. The State Government has made it clear that it will implement the report of the High Level Committee to provide shelter to the residents of Themetor.
The Seng does not agree with the statement that the railway will not carry goods at all, because the railway will be the railway itself and all the trains will run smoothly especially those trains passing through the State.
It will reduce the use of fuel, trees and others which will also improve the environment in the area.
Only 40 persons were allowed to attend the funeral after getting permission from the DC office.
About 50,000 members or employees who have worked hard to ensure that our state will get a share of leaders in the NDA government led by Narendra Modi, the government that will come back for the third term. predicted by observers in the last few months.
The state has been independent for 45 years, but the state does not have a policy on education, for the farmers, for the youth and others, the question now is it is no one to blame the leaders or the people.
The special meeting was held on the 19th of this month with the planting of Mawbynna brought from Jaintia Hills. which they have used for a sign of the end of the world.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that the Central Government has written letters twice and submitted a petition when the Home Minister came to Shillong to remind him of the demand for ILP. the state.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Conrad K Sangma MP Tura today met with the Union Minister of State for Railways, Piyush Goyal.
He explained the name of the organization.
Beneficiaries who can benefit from this are those who take care of children, children from 0 to 8 years of age including those with disabilities are poor mothers and those who are giving good.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) is underway in Meghalaya with residents from different blocks taking part in IEC vans.
While there is a decrease in cases in the country and while some states have been able to control the spread of the disease through various measures, there are still states that have decided to impose a curfew. .
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, who is also in charge of the Road Construction Department, said that the government has kept its promise to deliver development works in all aspects. This road will help in agriculture, tourism and many other development projects.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The KSU Tlongpleng Unit has been launched at Tlongpleng village.
It is impossible to count only the works he has done and this meeting is to know who Bah Bull is.
Seeing this, the police could not clean up the suspect and after the shooting he was taken to Williamnagar Hospital and after that he was taken away. sha now.
Speaking to reporters after submitting the letter to the Minister of Education, he said that during the meeting, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, did not promise anything but said that he would try.
The union said that the mark list should not exceed 12% as mentioned by the Supreme Court of India in many of its decisions.
At the recent meeting of the party, they did not discuss the issue of TP, but the principal secretary of the state also said that the TP cannot be written in the right language. this is why they don't talk anymore.
According to the CEM, it was decided to issue a notification to all the Dorbar Shnongs called 'Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Maintenance of Household Registered'
The MMOEA requests the authorities to extend the deadline, especially for South West Khasi Hills District due to the poor condition of the road. vehicles move in the right direction.
The Election Committee has found that there is only one nomination for the post of President, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang for the post of Vice President. Secretary Donald V Thabah, who did not oppose the election, announced that they have won without any opposition.
The group expressed the many problems faced by the children of the Hima as a whole especially in relation to the lack of respect of the Syiem for their rights as citizens of the Hima.
Shillong, Naitung 09: A special training for NCCs from Meghalaya was held at Unroi Cantonment for 40 days which started on the 4th and will end on the 4th of this month.
Shillong, July 12: U Amrit Kiran Singh, one of the founders of the Skill Online Gaming Institute (SOGI), on Tuesday said that they have received a promise from the central government in the past that they will review the price of gaming. the tax on online shopping.
The Government allows those who are involved in the insurgents to come and surrender and come back to a new life like others in order to bring about economic development in the state.
This discussion has gone well within the NPP party, on the part of the NPP MLAs who have now understood whether they will get or lose the ticket from the party which is the MLA now, as those MLAs who will They have already talked to other parties.
Those who came to witness this discussion were also from civil society organizations, such as FKJGP and many other organizations from Mawlai district.
This company is a foreign-owned company.
The Rangbah Shnong and the land owners were also present.
According to a statement sent by the Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Dr.BDR Tiwari, the election officials have had to board boats on the Shella River to reach the villages with the nearest Polling Stations. They include Kalatek A and B and Kamsing Polling Station which falls under Amlarem Civil Subdivision.
And Dn.
Police also seized a mobile phone and a Maruti BREZZA (ML05-P-3
: The Meghalaya Lokayukta, Shillong on Tuesday issued an order under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 (as amended) against the former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District. Denang T. Sangma and former MDCs Augustine R. Marak, Brilliant R. Sangma, Dipul R. Marak, Kurosh M. Marak, Winnison Ch.
The meeting was welcomed by Dr M Mokidul Islam.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister promised the HYC that the government will oppose the Assam bill as it will affect Meghalaya.
When asked how the visit to Rnaikor was done to attract tourists, the Chief Minister said that a hostel has been built at the place so that people can visit. sah ha kapor that they went to work.
During his inspection of the venue, the Prime Minister directed all the government departments involved in this project to do whatever is necessary and complete all the works at the venue. deadline as the meeting will be held in October 2018.
Dr Kharlukhi said the party has not yet decided to nominate a candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The UNLF was established in 1964 and has operated inside and outside India.
Shillong, July 15: The Dorbar Shnong Ryngud Hima Sohra has organized a Tharia Wah Festival at the Wahrew Beach Festival which was held on the 13th July
The MOA denies the allegations. The statement was sent by MOA President Dr.P Shakil Ahammed President and CVD Diengdoh Secretary.
To request all the residents, rulers from Kur, Shnong, Raid, Hima, people, religious leaders, teachers in various villages and civil society organizations to temporarily suspend the programs to avoid mass gatherings as part of the protect yourself.
Other leaders of SAM who attended the meeting were Bah DS Tariang, Treasurer, SAM, Bah Nicholas J Nongkhlaw, Publicity Secretary, SAM, Bah Jeffrey Suting, Secretary, SAM. Ms Anjeli Singh (SAM SHOOTER) read and took a pledge to fight for justice with a clean conscience along with the refusal to drink alcoholic beverages which affect the dignity of Shillong, Naitung 30: U Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that all the Chiefs, Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs and Wahadadars belong to the district. Council, not within the Granad Council of Bah John F Kharshiing.
On the same month, the petition was submitted by Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Tongkhar in the presence of former Chief Minister's Secretary Rowell Lyngdoh.
Therefore, to bring the truth and punish those involved according to the law, the government should take action from the District Administration, Police and the Government to immediately stop the robbers and such incidents should no longer continue.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1629, from East Garo Hills 9, East Jaintia Hills 36, East Khasi Hills 1117, Eastern West Khasi Hills 17, North Garo Hills 10, Ri Bhoi South Garo Hills 15, South West garo Hills 11, South West Khasi Hills 14, West Garo Hills 221, West Jaintia Hills 44, West Khasi Hills 24 cases.
They were arrested at Gorsub Police Station and charged under the Arms Act, he said.
The Union Home Minister also spoke on the development of agriculture in order to achieve the goal of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to increase the income of farmers in the country. year 2022.
Once the shongsang takes place, all these things become dewthala.
The payment is hourly, daily, monthly and monthly and other schemes that do not attract depositors so that the depositors can benefit as they are able to recruit people.
Vuse, manufactured by Reynolds American, and Juul account for about 60% of market sales, with the rest going to other similar disposable cigarettes. .
The temporary grant of the 370 to J&K is a political trap by the Hindustan government to persuade the Kashmiris not to join Pakistan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Australian Consul General Ms Rowan Ainsworth today met with the Podium Finish Committee of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) at 5 pm to discuss the working of the Talent Identification Program ( TID), the Elite Pathway Program (EPP) and the Super Elite Pathway Program (SEPP).
New Delhi, Jymmang 21: The Central Government has set up a committee under the chairmanship of MP Bezbaruah, Member of the North Eastern Council and other members to look into the problems faced by the people of North East. in other parts of India and especially in the big cities.
This shop is for farmers in West Jaintia Hills who are members of SHGs to sell their products; who produce.
He also spoke about the Government's initiatives to develop villages in the border areas under the Vibrant Border Village Program to promote tourism and reduce the migration of people from the area.
After completing all the requirements, the police have registered a case against him under the NPDS Act because the amphetamine was illegally smuggled and sold as a drug.
The Civil Sub Division has 171 villages. The Chief Minister also inaugurated the office of the SDO (Civil) and laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of the SDO. Also present on the occasion were the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah S Dhar, other MLAs, Chief Secretary, KS Kropha and other officers.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the arrest of two KSU leaders is based on the evidence they have. openly without proof.
Regarding the sketch registered by the GHADC on 18/7/2012 and signed by the Superintendent, authorized under Section 76 Act 1 of the toh for superintendent.
The selection of these poor households was done by these workers who selected from their own villages.
The government has been talking from time to time to get land for the construction of development projects for the people.
There are 63 recoveries today, 20 from West Garo Hills, 20 from Ri Bhoi, 9 from East Garo Hills, 7 from East Garo Hills, 3 from East Khasi Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 9518 so far.
Those whose names are on the electoral roll if they have lost their EPIC can bring their driver's licence, Job Card, Ration Cards, Aadhaar Cards to identify themselves as voters.
“With this decision taken by the Government, the MDC elections of KHADC and JHADC have been postponed for another six months.
The Hynniewtrep people have not forgotten that it was the Bengalis and non - tribals who have been destroying the Hynniewtrep people since 1947 , they have destroyed the Khasi National Making Dorbar , they have opposed the state , they have demanded Union The territory of Shillong is excluded from the State of Meghalaya.
The Cabinet also elected the Chairman of the Meghalaya Electricity Regulatory Commission.
He said that the renewal of the party in the district is also in preparation for the MDC elections next year.
On the other hand, the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit has warned all foreigners working in Laitumkhrah Village that they should not do anything against the Jaitbynriew especially to insult the youth. Khasi women and if such things happen, the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit will not forgive.
Shillong, November 12: U Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin Chairman of COMSO, on Tuesday urged all political parties to put aside their differences and come together to demand the Inner Lime Permit in the state. or even if they should have a special meeting to discuss this matter for the benefit of the people.
Thanks to the efforts of the police, the girl has now returned home.
The Government urges the people to cooperate with the Government in taking these two decisions for the sake of the health and safety of the people. each.
At this meeting, 17 groups from the Khasi National Union (KNU) in Mawsynram constituency have submitted a petition to the government for assistance. Seng Khasi Hall.
