To help the poor mothers there is food distribution from ICDS and blood medicine but sadly they don't want to take the medicines and this has led to tragic incidents in which 48 people have been killed. mother died this year.
Referring to the party, he said that if the party decides to contest for him, they will talk and it is up to the party from which party they want him to contest.
Traditional customs such as the preservation of sacred laws, the protection of natural resources such as forests, the conservation of streams and other water sources, traditional laws prohibiting the killing of wildlife are which contribute to the protection of natural resources.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The ICAR, Umiam has held a “Peace and Peace Month” with the rest of India which started on the 19th and ended today at the ICAR. the central government, in Umiam.
The theme of the march was on the programs of the Health Department such as Immunization, Malaria and programs for women and children.
He said that if the Supreme Court says that we cannot divide the tribal communities in the state and the intention of the HYC is that 93% should have a combined reservation of 2% for others. ST and 5% for Unreserved category.
There was also a complaint that the Director did not sign the NOC until he received the order or statement from his superiors.
: Members of the Khasi Students Union Mairang Circle, on Friday, which is also the Annual General Meeting of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), on Friday, closed down the offices and banks that were open on this day.
Zen Roberth CH Marak, Deputy C-In-C of the rebel group, has surrendered to the police along with his deputy.
The Director said that we have to live with this disease and sometimes we have to take decisions which should be understood together and should be coordinated together and should be agreed upon together, what is the rule now? Those who are positive will have to be tested first and then they will be released to go home.
Oris Lyngdoh, one of the MPCC leaders, told SP News Agency that the MPCC has no information regarding the allegation but they have seen in the newspapers that the there is no such thing on his part defended that there was nothing of the sort.
In this meeting, the Minister said that if the sale of their land has been affected, the government should give them land elsewhere but it should be a place where the people can walk. die the goods that they usually sell.
According to the Revised Guidelines, the age limit for the post of Unarmed Branch (UB) Sub Inspector is 21 years to 27 years as from 1st July, 2024 while for the post of UB Constable as drivers Vehicles, Fireman, MPRO Operators and others The age of entry should be from 18 years to 21 years.
The Food Safety Department has now collected these foods to see if they are safe to eat, whether there will be any impact on the health of the people due to these. It is not clear whether the food items have been imported according to the rules and regulations of the government or whether they have been smuggled.
In the presence of the founder of the school, Bah Pro Suiam, Bah Seven Tang Ex-MDC of the area, Bah Rikut Parien President JSU who was also the Principal of the school. Risjam Langstang, Rangbah Shnong of Sohkymphor, with the students of this school.
Listening to the speech of the speaker in front of the voice is not the same and I don't have any complaint about that but I have to answer all the speeches. hundreds of questions and there was not enough time for questions.
So far, only the ruling party NPP has announced the name of its Rajya Sabha MP candidate Dr WR Kharlukhi, while the Congress party, which has 19 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly, has not yet announced. The Citizen Forum today announced the name of former MLA and MDC of Jaiaw constituency Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha.
On the other hand, the General Manager of MTDC told SP News Agency that the agreement is between MTDC and Bah Shylla. Bah Shylla regarding the Crowbrough Hotel.
Donkupar said that Pynshngianglang has misused the office of the CEM for the benefit of the PDF party. The CEM of KHADC has alleged that Dr. Mukul Sangma has power, but in his opinion, Bah Pynshngianlang is a Khasi.
“The allegation that the BJP is the NPP and the NPP is the BJP is no longer new but has happened for many years.
He said that the Meghalaya Education Policy is the priority of the government to enable the youth to develop and the youth of the state do not shape the future of the state. In the next three months, the government will turn its attention to primary and elementary schools.
Police also seized 18 kilograms of Ganja and three soap bottles containing drugs weighing 30 grams.
The three and two levels of governance (Shnong, Raid and Hima) of the Hima Khasi States were explained in detail, in which teachers and students expressed their surprise that they have never heard of such governance. in India, they expressed their surprise that these rights are not reflected in the Constitution of India.
Following the targets set for training activities after the implementation of SARTHAQ.New national and provincial training programs will be available, early childhood care and education, the training of teachers and training of adults in line with the objectives of the NEP and this will pave the way for changes in training. the transition rate and return to school in all areas and this will reduce the part-time dropout rate for students.
The president said that the party has found through RTI that there is a shortage of Ata to distribute to the people of the district across the villages. Many of the people did not get ata, but only wheat and sugar.
When there was a need, this relationship transformed to guide the country, he said.
At the same time, the Jaiaw Umpohliew Block Committee of Jaiaw Umpohliew Village Council strongly condemns those who have committed this crime and urges Shillong, Nailur 26: Police have arrested five persons from Pasture Beat House today. The Women Commission in Lachumier to investigate who was involved in the rape of three young girls in Pynthorbah.
Shillong, November 09: The Central Body of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has approved the order issued by Bah DP Wahlang, State Mission Director SEMAM (SSA) who is also the Commissioner and Secretary of the Ministry of Education. State regarding the salary increase of SSA teachers in the State.
Umsning, March 03: The Minister in charge of Market Affairs in Mylliem Hima, Bah Nongkhlaw, on Tuesday said that the Hima wants to see that the market should be used. you are not like your ancestors.
The Additional Superintendent of Police (ASP) Ribhoi District, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, said that the operation started at 4:00 pm and arrested the suspects until 6:00 pm. 00 pm pm.
The introduction of the Constitution of Behavioral Change Management Committees (BCMC) to bring about changes in the way of life so that we can live in peace during this time of COVID-19 has helped a lot.
Shillong, November 15: RSS Joint Secretary V Bhagaiah today arrived in Shillong for the first time to meet with the people of RSS. He said that Hindus, Muslims and Christians should live in peace and love our country.
The number of cases by district is 14, East Jaintia Hills 32, East Khasi Hills 994, North Garo Hills 8, Ri Bhoi 90, South Garo Hills 12, South West Garo Hills , South West Khasi Hills 17, West Garo Hills 73, West Jaintia Hills 135 and West Khasi Hills 74 cases.
Referring to the border hats, Kuldeep Saini said that two border hats have been opened, three are under construction, four have been approved and there are still more. the government is asking for permission.
Even if you ask questions directly from a copy or from their textbook, many cannot and many fail.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Andrias Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Hima, said that the Hima supports the KHADC which has listened to the KHADC. the people's demand to remove the Syiem of the kingdom.
Answering additional questions, Prestone said that if we take the reasons, there are many reasons and the government wants to address these issues which will be permanent and that is why it has taken time.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said, “We have discussed everything on this and the case is still in court.
“For example, the party has not failed to name one of them, that is, Kong Betty Mary Suchiangi who has worked hard for decades on the traffic line in Jaintia Hills.
To strive to bring support according to the needs through the authorities of the Government and to remove the Political Party (Ideology) by standing up and working according to the theme “Without Party Independence on Democracy” ( Partyless on Democracy)".
Besides this, the Chief Executive Members also mentioned many provisions in the KHADC Acts which need to be amended.
The Smart Cities Mission, overseen by the Apex Committee headed by the Secretary, Housing and Urban Affairs, provides regular reports on the implementation of projects through the Real Time Geographical Management Information System (GMIS). .
The films 'Kima's Lode-Beyond the Class' and 'Mother I Love You' were screened on the occasion.
The Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission has submitted its report to the Chief Minister on Tuesday. According to the report, the Commission has submitted its report to the government. and suggested to pay the salaries of government employees in a new way known as the “Pay Level”.
Ms Nongkhlaw said that even if they as domestic workers have the right to do something for themselves, it will make them happy at work.
“It is only in the past two or three years that we have seen the law that does not allow teachers to contest elections.
“We know that there is a District Level Committee on Drug Abuse and we have discussed (with the Minister) that the District Level Committee on Drug Abuse should be re-established and that the Deputy Commissioner should be the Chairman. The Social Welfare Officer shall be the Member Secretary and shall include the youth of the village.
The CoRP, led by its President Rangbah, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, has visited the factory today. November, 2023, to the factory located at Narbong village, Byrnihat district.
He said that they have not yet submitted any written except the petition to the Chief Minister and what they want the Chief Minister to respond to the JAC on what they have already submitted. communicate through a petition.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Minister, he said that the Minister said that he will look into the matter but no promise has been made. this is the salary of the employees.
The implementation of all the pre-budget plans with the cooperation of all stakeholders will require your understanding,” he told the participants.
The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of State, in the presence of Bah Broling Nongsiej, Minister Gigur Myrthong and Macmillan Byrsat, today handed over the report to the Minister of State. Chief Minister Cornad K Sangma.
These two demands have been demanded by the people for many decades but have not received the support of the state government. They demanded that the Central Government should not implement it in Meghalaya.
New Delhi, July 18: Prataprao Jadhav, Minister of State for Child Development, Ayush (Independent Charge), on Tuesday said that this year's theme 'Yoga for Self and Society' showcases the two aspects of yoga to promote people and social welfare.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The quarter finals of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship (SAI) were held at the SAI Indoor Hall on Tuesday.
They strongly criticized the MLA of the constituency, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who has not done anything from what he promised during the election campaign to improve the development of the area. to improve the road like other areas to facilitate traffic but until now it is still covered with stones and stones as the path of the stream.
Shibun said the Congress government in the state will end in 2018 and the BJP will emerge as the new government in the state.
The woman who was assaulted by the CRPF officer screamed and when another woman asked why, he said that the CRPF officer had threatened and shot her.
Shillong, Natiung 27: Uttar Pradesh Police today took Bernard N Marak to the Uttar Pradesh High Court and the court is expected to give the verdict this evening.
Such incidents should not be allowed, he said, and the government should take strong action against such people who have disrupted the religious practices.
After the meeting of the two NDA parties in Shillong last October, BJP office bearers from all districts of the 1st Shillong Constituency have worked hard to win the election. The NPP has won the Shillong Lok Sabha seat.
“We know that the Assam Government will always express its own opinion,” he said and added, “Our people who are suffering, how can they get the rights they deserve.
and if we look again at the intention, we see that now they intend to bring it to Nonghali.
The EC has yet to discuss whether to implement the new salary from which month and how much the new salary will be implemented from the end of the year. claim.
Shillong, July 07: To raise awareness and preservation of the environment in the rural areas and to make children understand the value of the environment, the Bhanam Evangelistic Association and Mission Society together with the elders of Lum Rapleng Students of Shekinah Public School today took part in the World Environment Day by planting hundreds of trees at the campus of Shekinah Academy. which is located in Canaan, Shillong.
According to the government's preparation for the scheme, in the next three years from the inception of the scheme, the state will produce pigs from abroad as the state has to buy pigs from abroad for up to T.150 per annum. crore rupees a year.
The perfect structure that Campbell designed is based on the scientific power of his own mind that does not affect the environment.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the paintings on the walls of Mawkhar, Mission Compound, Jaiaw Pdeng, Jaiaw Laitdom as part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the 50 years of Meghalaya.
The Dorbar will present the Report of the Seng, the renewal of the Executive Committee and the discussion to strengthen the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Kharkrang recalled that during his tenure as Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, the “Safe Secure Shillong” campaign was launched through which CCTV cameras were installed in places where there were no jobs. now they don't work anymore.
They are looked down upon and looked down upon in society, it is believed that they are the carriers of the Corona-virus.
The Prime Minister has ordered people to stand at a distance of one meter from each other at Nongmynsong Market.
This was announced by S Ora Publicity Secretary KSU Shella Unit.
The Chairman of SSSS Shillong City said that they should not be afraid, delayed or lose hope in their journey.
On this occasion, he urged the students to have their own goals in life so that they can improve in their lives and become people who can do many things. for the state.
The Cable Care will carry 600 people per hour and if counted at 10 hours a day it will carry up to 6000 people.
Technology has been used to simplify tax filing and reach more taxpayers.
Regarding the agricultural products to run the market, the government has directed the Iteam-1917 and the Nari group to carry the jhur and jhep and deliver them to the market places in the villages and the people will be able to purchase.
This has caused problems to the people who use mobile phones.
These newly appointed recruits, who have been selected from across the country, will join various Government departments including Financial Services, Posts, School Education, Higher Education, Defence, Revenue, Health and Family Welfare, Atomic Energy, Railways, Audit and Accounts, Atomic Energy and Home Affairs among others.
On the other hand, the union has called for an open challenge to the government that if the government does not want to do anything, the fear of the border and the illegal immigrants will allow the union to leave the country. days to clear all these illegal foreigners.
The relatives of the wife have lodged a complaint with the police and the father of the robber has been tried by the police who have allowed the police to remand him in judicial custody for further investigation. thorough investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Meghalaya Police have arrested a man who kidnapped a young woman from East Khasi Hills by a colleague from Delhi to Merut in Uttar Pradesh.
This was stated by the Chairman of GHADC Boston Marak on the occasion of the Environment Day at Ampati Degree College organized by the Garo Students' Union in collaboration with the district authorities.
